Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Mia. Mia was very excited because she was going camping with her family. Mia's parents brought a special tent with glow-in-the-dark stars all over it. They also brought sleeping bags, marshmallows to roast on sticks over the campfire, and some cookie dough. Mia had an idea to make a special kind of oven out of dirt and put the dirt oven around the campfire. Then, they would place a cookie tray on top of the dirt oven and bake cookies on the campfire.

So, they drove off in their car and went into a forest. When they got to the forest, they heard lots of birds chirping, and there were some monkeys making sounds as they jumped from tree to tree and did lots of cool swinging tricks. Mia helped her parents set up the tent, and after they set up the tent and got the sleeping bags out, Mia went outside and started to use a shovel to make a dirt wall around the campfire. Mia's parents lit the campfire, and then they had some hot dogs and roasted marshmallows. Mia told her parents that because it was getting dark outside, she would try to make some cookies, and they would eat the cookies as a special dessert after dinner.

Mia and her parents finished making the special dirt oven around the campfire. They put the cookie dough on a baking sheet and placed the baking sheet on top of the special dirt stove. Mia told her parents that it was going to be a yummy kind of cookie because it was made from a campfire. Mia's parents put the cookies on the baking sheet on top of the fire. Mia had an idea to sprinkle some salt in the fire because when you sprinkle salt in fires, it can change the color of the fire. Instead of the fire being orange and red, when you put salt in a fire, it can make the fire blue. Mia's dad put so much salt in the fire that it turned very blue. The cookies on top of the special oven began to bake, and the cookie dough started to turn into real yummy, big cookies with chocolate chips in them.

The monkeys were still awake, and they saw that Mia and her parents were making cookies. After the cookies were ready, Mia's parents carefully took the baking sheet off the campfire oven and put it on a picnic table next to their tent that had glow-in-the-dark stars. But before Mia and her parents could eat any of the cookies, some of the monkeys came down and started taking all of the cookies away. Mia told her parents that it was not fair, especially because the cookies were starting to look a little bit blue. Maybe it was from the blue fire, and she really wanted to taste the blue chocolate chip cookies.

Well, it was too late. All of the monkeys took away all of the cookies. Mia's parents said that they would have to get more cookies the next day. They went to sleep in the special tent with the glow-in-the-dark stars, snuggled up in their sleeping bags. Mia had a dream that night.

When Mia woke up the next day, there were no sounds of monkeys or birds anymore. Mia opened up her tent, unzipped it, and looked outside. She saw that the land in the forest had turned into cookie land. All of the dirt looked like a big cookie. When Mia walked outside of her tent, she made footprints on the giant cookie underneath her. Mia told her parents to come look because how could the land turn into a giant cookie? Mia's parents came to look, and they saw that it was indeed a cookie. They smelled the cookie they were standing on, and it smelled delicious.

Mia told her parents that the monkeys probably made this happen. They looked around, but they couldn't find any of the monkeys. Mia and her parents decided to explore the giant cookie that their tent was on, and that all the trees and trails were on. When they looked around the giant cookie, they could see that there were little holes. Inside the holes, there were guinea pigs. The guinea pigs loved living there because it would be so much fun to live inside tunnels in a cookie. The guinea pigs would come out of the special cookie tunnels, and they walked all around. Mia told her parents that it was the most special kind of guinea pig, a cookie guinea pig.

Mia and her parents decided to go into the cookie tunnels. They brought their flashlights, and as they crawled through the tunnels, they were surrounded by cookie dough all over. They saw that the guinea pigs inside the cookie tunnels were busy building special amusement parks in the cookie ground. The amusement parks inside the cookie had Ferris wheels, merry-go-rounds, and even little food stands that had guinea pig cotton candy and guinea pig chocolate chips and all sorts of food. Mia told her parents that they should try some of the cotton candy, and her parents paid a guinea pig $1 to get a pink kind of cotton candy. Mia started to eat the cotton candy, and as she did, she saw that a unicorn appeared. The unicorn also lived with the guinea pigs under the cookie.

Mia started to talk to the unicorn. She asked the unicorn where all the guinea pigs came from and why the monkeys took her cookies the night before. The unicorn told Mia that while they made the campfire, when they put the salt in it to make the fire blue, that gave the monkeys a special power that whenever they ate something, the ground would turn into that thing. The unicorn told Mia that because the monkeys ate all of the cookies, the ground turned into a big cookie. Mia asked about the special guinea pigs and where they came from. The unicorn told Mia that the monkeys turned into guinea pigs, and that's why there were no monkeys in the trees anymore.

Mia asked one of the guinea pigs if she could have some of her cookies back. The guinea pigs told Mia that they were really trying to help the night before when they took her cookies because they knew if they ate the cookies as monkeys and then turned into guinea pigs, there would be even more cookie. Mia realized that the monkeys were actually kind of helping because now she could have as much cookie as she wanted.

Mia and her parents crawled out of the special cookie tunnel, and they got some knives and forks. They cut lots of different cookies out of the ground, packed them up, and decided to bring many of the cookies home. The cookies were clean and yummy, and when they got back to their house, Mia decided to share many of the cookies with her friends. Mia's friends thought the cookies were yummy and were proud of her. They asked Mia where she got so many yummy cookies. Mia decided to keep the story a secret and not tell her friends about the monkeys that took the cookies, made the ground into a giant cookie, and turned into guinea pigs. She didn't even tell her friends about the cotton candy. But one of her friends figured it out and asked Mia if she could go camping with her another day. Mia said it was okay.

Mia and her family lived happily ever after. The end.

Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Go to makeupstories.com, join the club, and tell your friends too.