Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Sam. Go to makeup stories.com to be in the makeup story club. Best buckets ever. Tell your friends. My name is Mia. I'm five and three quarters years old, and I live in newba gorgeous. And I want a story about a giddy, pigs, and unicorns on a cookie island. Tonight's makes up story is a request from a girl named mia who lives in newburgh, Oregon and who turns six years old on December 27. And so we want to wish an early happy birthday to Mia. And Mia asked for us to make up a story that includes guinea pigs, unicorns, and a cookie island. If you want to be on the makeup stories podcast, then ask your parents to go to makeup stories.com so that you could join the club. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Mia. Mia was very excited because she was going to go camping with her family. And mia's parents brought a special tent that had glow in the dark stars all over it. And they also brought some sleeping bags, and they brought some marshmallows so that they could put the marshmallows on sticks and roast them in the campfire. And mia's parents also brought some cookie dough because mia had an idea, which was to make a special kind of oven out of like dirt and put the dirt oven around the campfire and then a cookie tray on top of the dirt oven and then to bake cookies on the campfire. Well, they drove off in their car and went into a forest. And when they got to the forest, they heard lots of birds chirping and there were some monkeys making sounds as they jumped from tree to tree and did lots of cool swinging tricks. Well, Mia helped her parents set up the tent, and after they set up the tent and got the sleeping bags out, mia went outside and started to use a shovel to make a dirt wall around the campfire. And then mia's parents lit the campfire and there were some sticks in the campfire. And then first mia and her parents, after the campfire started, they had some hot dogs and then roasted some marshmallows. Mia told her parents that because it was getting dark outside, she would try to make some cookies, and they would eat the cookies as a kind of special dessert after the dinner. And so mia and her parents finished making the special kind of dirt oven around the campfire. They put the cookie dough on a baking sheet and they put the baking sheet on top of the special dirt stove. Mia told her parents that it was going to be a yummy kind of cookie because it was made from a campfire. And then mia's parents put the cookies on the baking sheet on top of the fire. And mia had an idea. She told her parents to sprinkle some salt in the fire, because when you sprinkle salt in fires, it could change the color of the fire. Instead of the fire being orangeish and reddish, when you put salt in a fire, it could make the fire blue. And Mia's dad put so much salt in the fire so that it got so, so blue. And the cookies that were on top of the special oven that was made of dirt started to bake. The cookie dough was getting bigger, and it was starting to turn into real yummy, big cookies with chocolate chips in them. The monkeys were still kind of awake, and the monkeys saw that they were making some cookies. After the cookies were ready, mia's parents carefully took the baking sheet off of the campfire oven, and they put it on a picnic table that was right next to their tent that had the glow in the dark stars. But before Mia and her parents could eat any of the cookies, some of the monkeys came down, and the monkeys started taking all of the cookies away. And Mia told her parents that's no fair, especially because the cookies were starting to look like a little bit blue. Maybe it was from the blue fire, and she really wanted to taste the blue chocolate chip cookies. Well, it was too late. All of the monkeys took away all of the cookies. And after they took away the cookies, mia's parents said that they would just have to get more cookies the next day. And they went to sleep in the special tent with the glow in the dark stars. They snuggled up in their sleeping bags. And Mia had a dream that night. When Mia woke up the next day, there were no sounds of the monkeys. There were no birds anymore. And when Mia opened up her tent, she unzipped her tent, and she looked outside, and she could see that the land in the forest turned into cookie land. All of the dirt looked like a big cookie. And when Mia walked outside of her tent, she made footprints on the giant cookie under them. Mia told her parents to come look because how could the land turn into a giant cookie? And Mia's parents came to look, and they saw that really it was a cookie. And they smelled the cookie that they were standing on, and it smelled so delicious. Mia told her parents that the monkeys probably made this happen. And they looked around, and they couldn't find any of the monkeys. So Mia and her parents decided to explore the giant cookie that their tent was on and that all the trees were on and that the trails were in. When they looked around the giant cookie, they could see that there were little holes. And inside the holes, there were guinea pigs. Guinea pigs kind of look like big mice, but they also look a little bit different. And the guinea pigs that were in the holes inside of the cookie. They loved living there because it would be so much fun to live inside tunnels in a cookie. And the guinea pigs would come out of the special cookie tunnels, and the guinea pigs were walking all around. And mia told her parents that it was the most special kind of guinea pig, a cookie guinea pig. And mia and her parents decided to go into the cookie tunnels. They brought their flashlights, and as they crawled through the tunnels, they were surrounded by cookie dough all over. And they saw that the guinea pigs inside of the cookie tunnels were so busy building nice special amusement parks in the cookie ground. The amusement parks inside of the cookie had ferris wheels, they had merrygorounds, and there were even little food stands that had guinea pig cotton candy and guinea pig chocolate chips and all sorts of food. Mia told her parents that they should try some of the cotton candy, and her parents paid a guinea pig $1 to get a pink kind of cotton candy. And mia started to eat the cotton candy. And as mia started to eat the cotton candy, she saw that a unicorn appeared. The unicorn also lived with the guinea pigs under the cookie. And mia started to talk to the unicorn. And mia asked the unicorn where all the guinea pigs came from and why the monkeys took her cookies last night. And the unicorn told mia that while they made the campfire, when they put the salt in it to make the fire blue, that gave the monkeys a special power that whenever they ate something, the ground would turn into that thing. And the unicorn told mia that because the monkeys ate all of the cookies, the ground turned into a big cookie. And mia asked, well, what about the special guinea pigs? Where did they come from? And the unicorn told mia that the monkeys turned into guinea pigs, and that's why there were no monkeys in the trees anymore. So mia asked one of the guinea pigs if she could have some of her cookies back. And the guinea pigs told mia that they were really trying to help the night before when they took her cookies, because they knew if they ate the cookies as monkeys and then turned into guinea pigs, there would be even more cookie. And that's when mia realized that monkeys were actually kind of helping, because now she could have as much cookie as she wanted. So mia and her parents crawled out of the special cookie tunnel, and they got some knives and some forks, and they cut out of the ground lots of different cookies, and they started packing up those cookies, and they decided to bring so many of the cookies home. And the cookies were so clean and so yummy, and when they got back to their house, mia decided to share so many of the cookies with her friends. And mia's friends thought the cookies were so yummy and they were so proud of her. And they asked Mia where she got so many yummy cookies. And Mia decided to keep the story a secret and not tell her friends about the monkeys that said and that took the cookies and that made the ground into a giant cookie and turned into guinea pigs. She didn't even tell her friends about the cotton candy. But one of her friends figured it out and asked Mia if she could go camping with her a different day. And Mia said it was okay. And Mia and her family lived happily ever after. The End I need thanks for listening to makeup stories. Go to makeup stories.com. Join the club. Tell your friends too.