Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse lived with a circus, and wherever they went, they would have big tents that they brought with them. They had trucks with different kinds of animals. For example, there was one truck that they used to transport an elephant that worked in the circus. They also had a special truck just for acrobats. Inside the truck, there were no seats, only bars. When the acrobats stayed in the truck to go from city to city, instead of sitting down in seats, they held onto the bars inside the truck the whole time. They would swing back and forth as they went up and down hills.

Jonah and Jesse knew that if the acrobats got into a crash, they would fall off the bars. One time, while they were going, there was a stoplight, and it turned red right as the truck was going. The truck had to stop so quickly that while the acrobats were holding onto the bars in the truck, they flipped all the way over, even after the truck stopped. These acrobats had such strong hands that even if there was a car crash or the truck had to stop suddenly, they wouldn't fall off the bar. They would just flip over it and turn around. After all, these were some of the best acrobats in the whole world, and that's why they were part of the circus.

Jonah and Jesse had different jobs. Jesse's job at the circus was to give out cotton candy. He had a big cotton candy machine that had a big metal bowl, and he put sugar in it, and the sugar would blow around. Sometimes there were such long lines that Jesse needed two or even three different cotton candy machines, and he had special helpers to help give out the cotton candy. One of the helpers was a little monkey that wore people clothing, and the monkey was on a leash and did whatever Jesse said. It was a small monkey that worked in the circus and was a smart monkey that had been trained. Jesse used to teach it how to give cotton candy to kids that were waiting. Sometimes the monkey would give too much cotton candy on one cotton candy stick, and Jesse had to teach the monkey only to give medium cotton candies, not the biggest ever.

Jonah also had some important jobs at the circus. Jonah's job was he was in charge of the ice cream treats. If kids ever wanted, like, during a break intermission at the circus to get some ice cream, then they would have to go up to Jonah. They had soft serve ice cream, and they had the choice between cones or cups. Jonah used to give so many kids, like, vanilla ice cream, sometimes with rainbow sprinkles on it, and sometimes he would give them chocolate ice cream or even strawberry, which was the other flavor that they had. The kids would line up for ice cream, and Jonah was in charge of making the ice cream go in the cone or in the cup. But there was a penguin that was in charge of making sure that the stack of ice cream cones and the stack of ice cream cups didn't fall down. Penguins also worked by the freezer where they kept all the extra ice cream to put in the ice cream machine because penguins are really good in the cold.

Jesse and Jonah were preparing for the biggest circus event of the year. It was the biggest circus event of the year because they were going to New York, to Manhattan, to one of the biggest cities in America. When they got to Manhattan, they were in the middle of Central Park, and they had a big tent right in the middle of Central Park with the elephants that were ready. They had all of the cotton candy machines and the ice cream ready, and they had acrobats that were all ready, and everybody was ready. They had a lot of different tents, and they did have hot dog stands, hot pretzel stands, and pizza stands. But the kids really liked the cotton candy and the ice cream the most because those are the things that kids like the most. There was also some popcorn and cookies.

Well, anyway, they were having this big, big event, and all of the kids that lived in New York were lining up to go in the tent. Everyone was getting ready, and they had the fireworks show start. There were some fireworks that were shooting up in the air and making big sparkles with different colors in different shapes. They would go up and down and make little kaboom sounds. And the show began.

When the show started, they had a clown come out, and the clown was laying down on a stretcher, and there were some ambulance people, paramedics that were carrying the stretcher. The clown looked like it might have had a boo-boo, and it was on a pillow on the stretcher. When the clown got all the way out to the middle of the tent, the paramedics put the stretcher down, and the clown started to snore very loudly, and all of the kids started to laugh. Then suddenly, his pillow had a spring in it, and it was like a big slinky, and it made his whole body spring up. The clown with the silly red and rainbow-colored hair was now standing up. Once he stood up, he fell right back down on that stretcher on the pillow. Every time he fell on the pillow, it was like a rubber band made him spring right back up. Then out of nowhere, one of the acrobats fell from the top of the tent and grabbed the clown by his hands and started to swing him in the air. The acrobat's feet were on a bar, and Jonah and Jesse knew that this acrobat had really strong feet, and he was swinging the clown through the air when suddenly there was an emergency.

The emergency was all of the ice cream machines kept going, and ice cream was going out of the ice cream machines, even though Jonah didn't turn them on, and it wasn't intermission time yet. The penguins couldn't fix the problem because they only have flippers for arms. During the circus event, Jonah called Jesse for help. Jesse went away from the cotton candy machine and told the monkey that only the monkey had to give cotton candy because Jesse needed to help Jonah. Jesse and Jonah went into the freezer room where the penguins were, and Jonah felt so cold. They saw that there was a switch that one of the penguins accidentally flipped with its flipper. Jesse had to go on Jonah's shoulders because the switch was kind of high. Jesse went on Jonah's shoulders, and Jesse reached up with his hands, and he flipped the switch off, and that fixed the ice cream machines.

So then they were able to go back out. Before it was intermission and the kids were going to take a break, they fixed the ice cream machines. Jonah and Jesse were ready to give out ice cream and cotton candy, and they saved the day for their big New York event. Jonah and Jesse and the rest of the circus lived happily ever after. The end.