My name is Landon. My name is Nathaniel.com. You join the makeup stories club. Tonight eight's makeup story is a request from my two kids, jesse and Jonah. And Jesse asks for the story to be about a pillow that can flip you over. And Jonah wants there to be a freezing cold Jonah in the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse, they lived with a circus, and wherever they would go, they would have big tents that they would bring with them. And they had trucks where they had different kinds of animals. Like, there was one truck that they used to transport an elephant that worked in the circus. And then they had a whole special truck where they just had acrobats. And inside the truck, there were no seats. There were only bars. And when the acrobats stayed in the truck to go from city to city, instead of sitting down in seats, they held down to the bars inside the truck the whole time. And they would swing to and fro as they went up and down hills. And Jonah and Jesse, what if, like, they got into a clash? They would fall off the ball. And one time, while they were going, there was a stoplight, and it turned red right as the truck was going. And the truck had to stop so quickly that while the acrobats were holding onto the bars in the truck, they flipped all the way over, even after the truck stopped. And so these acrobats had such strong hands that even if there was, like, a car crash or the truck had to stop suddenly, then they wouldn't fall off the bar. They would just flip over it and turn around. Because, after all, these were some of the best acrobats in the whole world. And that's why they were part of the circus. And Jonah and Jesse had different jobs. Jesse's job at the circus was to give out the cotton candy. And he had a big cotton candy machine that had a big metal bowl that would and there was a big metal bowl, and he put sugar in it, and the sugar would blow around. Maybe he should make some more boys and put a pile of it. Yes. And sometimes there were such long lines that Jesse needed two or even three different cotton candy machines, and he had special assistants to help give out the cotton candy. And one of the assistants was a little monkey that wore people clothing, and the monkey was on a leash and did whatever Jesse said. One of very small monkeys. Yeah, it was a small monkey that worked in the circus with a smart monkey that had been trained. Yeah, and it was also really smart because it knew how to do so many things. And Jesse used to teach it how to give cotton candy to kids that were waiting. And so there was one line that Jesse took care of and gave cotton candy to kids. And there was another one where the monkey did the cotton candy, but sometimes the monkey would give too much cotton candy on one cotton candy stick. And so there was a kid who was so little, it was like a two or three year old kid, and the monkey gave the kid a cotton candy that was as big as the kid's whole tummy. And so Jesse used to have to teach the monkey only to give medium cotton candies, not the biggest ever. And Jonah also had some important jobs at the circus. Jonah's job was he was in charge of the ice cream treats. And so if kids ever wanted, like, during a break intermission at the circus to get some ice cream, then they would have to go up to Jonah, like, pretty much any kind of ice cream popsicles, even like, a ball with ice cream inside it. Well, it actually wasn't any kind of ice cream. It was all soft serve ice cream. And they had the choice between cones or cups. And Jonah used to give so many kids, like, vanilla ice cream, sometimes with rainbow sprinkles on it, and sometimes he would give them, like, chocolate ice cream or even strawberry was the other flavor that they had. And the kids would line up for ice cream. And Jonah was in charge of making the ice cream go in the cone or in the cup. But there was a penguin that was in charge of making sure that the stack of ice cream cones and the stack of ice cream cups didn't fall down. Yeah, and also there were penguins that worked by the freezer where they kept all the extra ice cream to put in the ice cream machine. Oh, is it penguins? Because penguins are really good in the cold. Yeah, and penguins are good in the cold, and that's why those are the ones that worked in the freezer area. And so Jesse and Jonah freezers are so cold that I can't even put my hand in it. Yeah, well, you could put your hand in the freezer, but you wouldn't want to keep your hand in it for so long, you could even freeze I don't even want and put it in full hunt today. Yeah. And so Jesse and Jonah were preparing for the biggest circus event of the year. It was the biggest circus event of the year because they were going to New York, to Manhattan, to one of the biggest cities in America. And when they got to Manhattan, they were in middle of Central Park and they had a big tent right in middle of Central Park with the elephants that were ready and they had all of the cotton candy machines and they had the ice cream ready and they had acrobats that were all ready and everybody was ready. Like tents next to us, selling cookies, selling some stuff in case it needs it quieter. Maybe they have 100 tents. Yeah, they had a lot of different tents, and they did have, like, hot dog stands and hot pretzel stands and pizza stands. But the kids really liked, like, the cotton candy and the ice cream the most, because those are the things that kids like the most. I think there's usually popcorn and cookies. Yeah, there was also some popcorn and cookies. Well, anyway, they were having this big, big event and all of the kids that lived in New York were lining up to go in the tent. And everyone was getting ready and they had the fireworks show start. And so there were some fireworks that were shooting up in the air and making big sparkles with different colors in different shapes. And they would go up and down and make little kaboom sounds. And the show began. Make sounds like this. And then the show started. And when the show started, they had a clown come out, and the clown was laying down on a stretcher, and there were some ambulance people, paramedics that were carrying the stretcher, and the clown looks like it might have had a boo boo, and it was on a pillow on the stretcher. And when the clown got all the way out to the middle of the tent, there were some ropes that showed where the show was going to be on. And the clown got to the middle, and the paramedics, the ambulance workers put the stresser down, and the clown started to snore, and he snored very loudly, and all of the kids started to laugh. And then suddenly his pillow had a spring in it, and it was like a big slinky, and it made his whole body spring up. And so he wasn't lying down anymore, as the clown with the silly red and rainbow color hair was now standing up. And once he stood up, he fell right back down on that stretcher on the pillow. And every time he fell on the pillow, it was like a rubber band made him spring right back up. And then out of nowhere, one of the acrobats fell from the top of the tent and grabbed the clown by his hands and started to swing him in the air. And the acrobat's feet were on a bar, and Jonah and Jesse knew that this acrobat had really strong feet, and he was swinging the clown through the air when suddenly there was an emergency. And the emergency was all of the ice cream machines kept going, and ice cream was going out of the ice cream machines, even though Jonah didn't turn them on and it wasn't intermission time yet. And also, the penguins were they there? What he and they couldn't just not turn it off? Yeah, and the penguins penguins don't really have, like, hands and stuff, so they weren't able to fix the problem. They only have arms because someone just caught all of the penguins and just cut the hands off. Well, penguins, yeah, they don't really have hands and stuff. They have kind of, like, flippers for arms. And they couldn't fix the ice cream machines. Yeah. And so during the circus event, jonah called Jesse for help. And Jesse went away from the cotton machine and told the monkey that only the monkey had to give cotton candy because Jesse needed to help Jonah. And Jesse and Jonah went into the freezer room where the penguins were, and Jonah felt so, so cold, and they saw that there was a switch that one of the penguins accidentally flipped with its flipper. And Jesse had to go on Jonah's shoulders because the switch was kind of high. So Jesse went on Jonah's shoulders, and Jesse reached up with his hands, and he flipped the switch off, and that fixed the ice cream machines. So then they were able to go back out. And before it was intermission and the kids were going to take a break, they fixed the ice cream machines. And Jonah and Jesse were ready to give out ice cream and cotton candy, and they saved the day for their big New York event. And Jonah and Jesse and the rest of the circus lived happily ever after. The end of my name is Kencho. Thank you for listening to makeup stories. If you want to be part of the club, go to makeup. Threes.com tell your friends.