Once upon a time, long ago, there was a big girl named Neralia. Neralia had a special Power Wheels car that she could drive. It had a real battery and could go as fast as a grownup could walk. But this wasn't a regular Power Wheels car. It also had a Princess Mode! If you found the hidden Princess Mode button behind the steering wheel and pressed it, the Power Wheels car would float just above the sidewalks where it usually drove. Neralia could make it go faster or slower by pressing the pedals.

One day, Neralia was flying around town in her magical Power Wheels car with Princess Mode on, floating a few feet above the sidewalk. She saw a tree with a secret door in it. Regular trees don't have secret doors; they just have bark. But this tree had lines in the bark and a doorknob. Neralia told her parents to come look, and they followed her as they floated in the flying Power Wheels car all the way to the tree. Neralia opened the door, and inside the tree, she found a secret tunnel. Neralia and her parents went into the tunnel, which had a slide in it. They slid down under the ground through the tree to the bottom, where the roots of a tree usually are. And that's where they were astonished to find a dance party.

The underground dance party was very fun. There were disco lights, and all the insects like ants, bugs, spiders, butterflies, and caterpillars were dancing around a big hall dressed as people. The insects had little instruments that looked like things people might have. Instead of cars, the insects had little balls they could roll around on. They had lots of little inventions, and the insects could talk to each other and loved to laugh. The insects especially loved to drink orange juice, and there was free orange juice for all of them.

When you went under the tree and past the dance party, you could go through another tunnel to get even deeper underground. As you got closer to the middle of the Earth, you'd find a big room called the Marshmallow Room. It's the only place in the middle of the Earth that's not hot and is fun to play in if you know how to get there.

The Marshmallow Room was very comfortable. The walls were a little bit smushy, and you could make your own tunnels to different Marshmallow Rooms. The rooms were all white, and if you wanted to eat some marshmallow, you could take a bite. The marshmallow would taste like whatever you wanted it to taste like. Neralia decided she wanted some marshmallow to turn into a cookie. She took a bite, and it turned into a cookie in her mouth.

A piece of the cookie fell out of her mouth and landed in the marshmallow, creating a cookie tunnel. Neralia and her parents went through the cookie tunnel to the cookie room. The cookie room was round and could spin like a merry-go-round. They went for a ride, spinning round and round in the cookie room until they decided it was time to go back to the top of the Earth where the tree with the hidden door was.

Neralia told her parents they were going to go back. They got off the cookie merry-go-round, ate a little marshmallow, and turned it into a shovel. They used the shovel to dig through the marshmallow walls until they found a ladder. They climbed up through more marshmallow to the slide. When they got to the slide, they were surprised to see it was glowing in the dark, and it was nighttime outside. The glowing slide had handles so they could climb up it. Neralia and her parents held onto the handles and climbed out of the tree.

Neralia told her parents they had a great adventure. She went back on her Princess Power Wheels car and floated all the way back to her house. Neralia and her parents lived happily ever after. The end.