Once upon a time, long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Neralia. Neralia had a big Power Wheels. And the Power Wheels was a car that she could go in and she could drive. And it had a real battery and it was able to go as fast as a grownup could walk, but it wasn't a regular Power Wheels. The Power Wheels also had Princess Mode. And if you found the Princess Mode button, which was hidden behind the steering wheel and you pressed it, then the Power Wheels became a floating Power Wheels and it could float just above the sidewalks where it would usually drive. And as it would float, it would kind of go around the block and you could make it go faster or you could make it go slower by pressing the pedals.

One day, Naralia was flying around town in her magic Power Wheels and she had Princess Mode on so it was kind of flying a few feet above the sidewalk. And as she was flying in her Power Wheels, she saw that there was a tree. And the tree had a secret door in it. Regular trees don't have secret doors in them, they just have bark. But the tree, which looked like it had a secret door, had kind of lines in the bark and you can tell that there was a doorknob. So Neralia told her parents to come look and her parents followed her as they floated in the flying power wheels all the way to the tree. And Naralia opened the door to the tree and inside of the tree she saw that there was a secret tunnel. And Naralia and her parents went in the secret tunnel, which had a slide in it. And they slid down under the ground through the tree to the bottom, where the roots of a tree usually are. And that's where they were astonished to find a dance party.

The dance party that was under the ground and under the tree where Neralia and her parents slid was a very fun dance party. There were disco lights and all of the insects and the ants and the bugs and the spiders and the butterflies and the caterpillars, they were all dancing around a big hall and they were dressed as people. And usually nobody could see. Insects do this, but sometimes underground they can do that and people wouldn't even know. But Nirali and her parents looked and the insects were really having a big insect party. And they had little instruments that looked like things that people might have. But instead of having like a car, the insects would have a kind of little balls that they would roll around and that they could go on top of. And they had lots of little inventions and the insects were able to talk to each other and they loved to laugh. And the insects especially loved to drink orange juice. And all over the disco ball, all over the hall, there was free orange juice for all of the insects.

Now, when you went under the tree and you were going past the dance party with all of the insects dressed up as people and having a good time and playing games, you could go through another tunnel to get even deeper underground. And as you got deeper underground, you got closer to the middle of the Earth and under the ground. In middle of the Earth, there's a big room that's not full of lava and it's not full of hot iron or anything else that the Earth's core has in it. Instead, the room that you'll find is called the Marshmallow Room. It's the only place in middle of the Earth that's not so hot and that's fun to play in if you know how to get there.

Well, the Marshmallow Room is very comfortable. And if you touch the walls of the Marshmallow Room, they're kind of a little bit smushy. And you could also, if you really wanted to, you could kind of make holes in the Marshmallow Room to make your own tunnel to different Marshmallow Rooms. And the Marshmallow rooms were all white. And if you ever wanted to eat some of the marshmallow, all you had to do was take a bite. And if you took a bite of the marshmallow, then the marshmallow would taste like whatever you wanted it to taste like. So if you were in the mood for cucumbers. You could have a cucumber tasting marshmallow if you wanted it to taste like ice cream, then the marshmallow could taste like ice cream, too. And Niralia decided that she wanted some of the marshmallow from the marshmallow room underground in the earth to turn into a cookie. And Niralia took a little piece of marshmallow from one of the walls, and she took a bite of it. And as it was in her mouth, it started to feel like it wasn't so soft. And she could start to taste some chocolate chips, and then she could start to bite on it a little bit, and she could feel it felt like a little bit like a cookie as she was biting on it. And it really did turn into a cookie in her mouth.

But one piece of the cookie fell out of her mouth and landed in the marshmallow. And when that little crumb fell onto the marshmallow, it started to create a cookie tunnel. And suddenly they were able to go Naralia and her parents were able to go through the cookie tunnel to the cookie room. The cookie room is not as big as the marshmallow room was. And the cookie room also had walls that were made of cookie. But the thing that made the cookie room special is that it was round, and it could spin around like a merry-go-round. And so Niralia and her parents went for a ride, turning round and round in the cookie room until they decided it was going to be time for them to go back to the top of the earth where the tree was that had the hidden door.

So Neralia told her parents they were going to go back, and Nerala and her parents decided to go off of the cookie merry-go-round, which was spinning so fast, and they ate a little bit of marshmallow, and they decided to turn it into a shovel. And they used the shovel to shovel through the marshmallow walls until they found a ladder, and they climbed up through some more marshmallow till they got to the slide. And when Niralia and her parents got to the slide, they were really surprised to see that the slide was glowing in the dark and that it had turned nighttime outside, and that as the slide was glowing, it also had little handles that were coming out of it so that you could climb up the glowing slide if you wanted. And Niralia and her parents held onto the handles, and they climbed out of the glowing slide, and they came out of the tree.

Naralia told her parents that they had a good adventure, and Naralia went back on her Princess Power Wheels, and she floated all the way back to her house. And Naralia and her parents lived happily ever after. The end.