Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big boy named Duda. Duda was really good at growing plants. He would put seeds in the ground and magically grow watermelons, grapes, apples, and pears. Whatever he planted, it didn't grow into a whole plant. Instead, the seed would turn into a fruit or whatever he wanted to grow. So if he wanted an apple, he would plant an apple seed, and instead of an apple tree growing overnight, the seed would just turn into an apple, ready to be picked the next morning.

Duda always wondered, as he planted his fruits and vegetables, why the sky was green. You see, Duda lived in a world where the sky was not blue or gray, but a bright green color. Duda's mom and dad told him that there might be some candy blocking the sun. Duda asked how candy could get to outer space, and his parents told him the story of the candy planet and the candy aliens.

According to Duda's mom, a long time ago, there was a rocket ship on Earth that had all the candy from the whole planet, but only one of each kind. There was one lollipop, one chocolate bar, one kind of ice cream, one popsicle, one muffin, and one cake. There were lots of yummy things, and each of them had one.

Duda's mom told him that a long time ago, there was a big problem on Earth. The whole Earth got so windy that all the candy was going to go away, and all the candy factories on Earth were going to be destroyed. So everyone decided to save one of each candy and put it on the rocket ship and send it to outer space. That way, if the candy factories on Earth got destroyed, they would still have candies in outer space. After the windstorm was over, they could tell the rocket ship to come back to Earth, and it would bring all the candies back.

Well, when the rocket ship was in outer space, it saw a big green meteor. The meteor was made of a giant gem. It wasn't a mean meteor; it was shiny, twinkly, and sparkly, like something you would put on a necklace, a bracelet, or a king's crown. It wasn't alive; it was just a big rock. The candy rocket ship got close to this green meteor, and when it did, it saw a dinosaur on the meteor, and the dinosaur was in outer space.

The captain of the candy rocket ship asked the dinosaur why he was on the meteor. The dinosaur could speak and didn't need special things to breathe because it had a big air bubble around its head. The dinosaur told the captain that it was on this green meteor, and it was the green meteor that crashed into Earth in the olden days that killed the dinosaurs. But this dinosaur escaped, and part of the meteor went back into space, and this dinosaur went on that meteor. The dinosaur told the captain that sometimes the meteor blocks the sun, and when the meteor is in the way of the sun, it makes the sky on Earth green because the meteor was green.

The captain of the rocket ship asked the dinosaur if he wanted a ride back to Earth. The dinosaur said yes because he missed Earth and had been in outer space for so many years. The captain opened a door to the rocket ship and made a bridge from the rocket ship to the meteor so the dinosaur could go in the rocket ship. But how did it fit? This was not the biggest dinosaur; it was just a pterodactyl.

The pterodactyl went into the candy rocket ship and said, "Smells like candy to me!" He looked all around the rocket ship and saw the ice cream, cupcakes, chocolate bars, and lollipops. He asked the captain why there was so much candy. The captain told him there was a big windstorm on Earth that made all the candy factories go away, so he was saving some candy until the windstorm was over.

The dinosaur told the captain that he could help because, in the olden days, before there were people on Earth when there were just dinosaurs, dinosaurs used to make the best dinosaur candy. That's something that not a lot of people know. Dinosaurs used to have factories where they made special kinds of candies, which were the yummiest candies in the whole world. This dinosaur knew that because he lived when the other dinosaurs were there.

The captain of the spaceship agreed to go back to Earth with the pterodactyl. They zoomed back to Earth, and when the rocket ship got close, a parachute came out, and it let the rocket ship land slowly right in front of Duda's house. Duda asked the captain why he came back, and the captain said that the windstorm was over, so he brought all the candy back and a special surprise. Duda asked what the surprise was.

Just as he asked, the pterodactyl walked out of the rocket ship, and Duda said, "A real-life dinosaur? I thought they were all extinct!" The captain told Duda that this dinosaur used to live on Earth in the olden days but escaped on the meteor that crashed into Earth and now lived in outer space. The dinosaur knew how to speak, which is something that not a lot of people know, but dinosaurs used to be able to speak, at least in make-believe stories.

The dinosaur told Duda that he knew how to make big mountains of cotton candy. Duda asked how, and the dinosaur showed them a special trick where you move your dinosaur hands and feet and mix up sugar so fast, add food coloring, and mix and mix and mix until it turns into so much candy that a pterodactyl could make it into a cliff. Duda decided to try to climb up that cliff. As he was climbing, he fell down the cotton candy cliff, but luckily, the pterodactyl saved him. It would have been soft at the bottom anyway because cotton candy is soft.

The pterodactyl asked if Duda was okay and then told him that he had a secret. Duda asked what the secret was, and the pterodactyl said, "I know how to build the best dinosaur candy factories ever." The next day, Duda, the dinosaur, and the captain of the rocket ship started building factories for the yummy dinosaur candy. They saved all the candy from the rocket ship and told everyone that they could each look at it to remember how to make more of them. Then people remembered the ingredients and recipes for cakes, muffins, chocolate bars, and other yummy things.

Duda and the dinosaur lived happily ever after. The end.