Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big boy whose name was Duda. Duda was really good at growing plants. Duda used to put seeds in the ground and make them turn into watermelons and make them turn into grapes and apples and pears. And whatever he put in the ground, it didn't turn into a whole plant. That thing just turned into a fruit or whatever he wanted to grow. So if he wanted to make an apple, he put an apple seed, and instead of an apple growing overnight, the seed just turned into an apple, and the next morning, he would pick the apple up out of the ground.

Duda always used to wonder, as he planted his fruit and his vegetables, why the sky was green. Because Duda lived in a world where the sky was not blue and the sky was not gray. It was a green, green sky. Duda's mama and Duda's dad told him that there might be some candy blocking the sun. And Duda asked how candy could get to outer space. And Duda's parents told Duda the story of the candy planet and the candy aliens.

According to Duda's mama, there used to be a long time ago, a rocket ship that was on the planet Earth that had all of the candy from the whole planet, but it would just have one of each kind. There was one lollipop, there was one chocolate bar. There was one kind of ice cream. There was one kind of popsicle, there was one kind of muffin. There was one kind of cake. There were lots of yummy things, and each of them had one.

And Duda's mama told Duda that a long time ago, there was a big problem on earth. The whole earth got so windy that all of the candy was going to go away, and all of the candy factories on the planet earth were going to be destroyed. So everyone decided that they would save one of each candy and put it on the rocket ship and blast the rocket ship off to outer space so that if the candy factories on earth got destroyed, they would still have candies in outer space. And after the windstorm was over, then they could tell the rocket ship to come back to Earth. And when it came back to Earth, it would have all of the candies.

Well, when the rocket ship was in outer space, it saw that there was a big meteor. The meteor was a green meteor, and it was made of a giant gem. It wasn't a mean meteor. This meteor was shiny, and it was twinkly and it was sparkly, and it looked like the sort of thing you would put on a necklace or a bracelet or on a king's crown. It wasn't alive. It was just a big rock. And the candy rocket ship got right up to this green meteor, which looked like a gem. And when it got up to it, it saw that there was a dinosaur on the meteor, and the dinosaur was in outer space.

And the captain of the candy rocket ship asked the dinosaur why he was on the meteor. And the dinosaur was able to speak, and it didn't need special things to breathe because it had a big air, a big bubble with air around its head. And the dinosaur told the captain of the rocket ship that it was on this green meteor. And it was the green meteor that crashed into the Earth in the olden days that killed the dinosaurs. But this dinosaur escaped, and part of the meteor went back into space, and this dinosaur went on that meteor. And the dinosaur told the captain that sometimes the meteor blocks the sun. And when the meteor is in the way of the sun, it makes the sky on the Earth green because the meteor was green.

And so the captain of the rocket ship asked the dinosaur if he wanted a ride back to Earth. And the dinosaur said, yes, because he misses Earth and he was in outer space for so many years. So the captain of the rocket ship opened up a door to the rocket ship and made a bridge from the rocket ship to the meteor so the dinosaur could go in the rocket ship. But how did it fit? And this was not the biggest dinosaur. It was not like a Tyrannosaurus rex. It was a little kind of dinosaur. Just a pterodactyl.

Yeah, it was just a pterodactyl. And the pterodactyl went in the candy rocket ship, and he said, smells like candy to me. And he looked all around the rocket ship, and he saw the ice cream, and he saw the cupcakes, and he saw the chocolate bars, and he saw the lollipops. He asked why they were. And he asked the captain of the rocket ship, why is there so much candy? And the captain of the rocket ship said there was a big windstorm on Earth that made all of the candy factories go away. And so he was saving some candy until the windstorm was over.

And the dinosaur told the captain that he could help because in the olden days, before there were people on Earth when there were just dinosaurs, dinosaurs used to make the best dinosaur candy. That's something that not a lot of people know. But dinosaurs used to have factories where they made special kind of candies, which were the yummiest kinds of candies in the whole world. So he knew because he lived on the other yes. And this dinosaur knew that because he lived when the other dinosaurs were there.

And so the captain of the spaceship said that he would go back to Earth with the dinosaur, the pterodactyl. And he started zooming back to Earth. And when the rocket ship got close, a parachute came out, and it let the rocket ship go down slowly right in front of Duda's house. And Duda asked the captain of the rocket ship why he came back. And the captain of the rocket ship said, well, it looks like the windstorm is over. So I brought all the candy back and a special surprise. And Duda asked what the surprise was.

And just as he asked the dinosaur, the pterodactyl walked out of the rocket ship, and Duda said, a real life dinosaur? I thought they were all extinct. And the captain of the spaceship told Duda that this dinosaur used to live on Earth in the olden days but escaped on the meteor that crashed Earth and now lived in outer space. The dinosaur knew how to speak, which is something that also not a lot of people know, but dinosaurs used to be able to speak not for real, only in makeups.

And the dinosaur told Duda that he knew how to make big mountains of cotton candy. And Duda said, how do you do it? And the dinosaur showed the captain of the spaceship and Duda a special trick where you move your dinosaur hands and your dinosaur feet and mix up sugar so fast and put in food coloring and mix and mix and mix, and it turns into so much candy that a pterodactyl could make it into a cliff. And Duda decided he would try to climb up that cliff. And as he was climbing, he fell down the cotton candy cliff. But luckily, the pterodactyl saved him, and the dinosaur fell to the bottom. It would have been so soft on the bottom anyway because cotton candy is soft.

But the pterodactyl said, you're okay? And then the pterodactyl told Duda that he had a secret. And Duda said, what's the secret? And the pterodactyl told Duda, I know how to build the best dinosaur candy factories ever. And the next day, Duda and the dinosaur and the captain of the rocket ship started building factories for the yummy kind of dinosaur candy. And they saved all the candy that they had in the rocket ship in the spaceship, and they told everyone that they could each look at it to remember how to make more of them. And then people remembered the ingredients and the recipes for cakes and muffins and chocolate bars and other yummy things.

And Duda and a dinosaur lived happily ever after. The end.