Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Sydney. Sydney was very lucky because she grew up on a farm. In Sydney's house, there lived a big horse. The big horse had a special door to get into the house and a special bed in the living room of Sydney's farmhouse. There were other animals that also lived in Sydney's big red farmhouse. For example, there were some pigs. One of the pigs was so silly because that pig used to say, "Oink, oink." It would roll in the mud and eat pig food. But do you know what? The pig would roar, and the pig thought he was a lion. Sydney used to say to the piggy, "Piggy, you're not a lion. Why are you even roaring?" The piggy used to open his mouth and show Sydney his little teeth. Sydney would say, "Piggy, those are little teeth. Those aren't lion teeth." The piggy would say, "RA." It was such a silly little piggy because whenever it said "raw," it would try to jump so high, just like a lion. But because it was a piggy, it could only jump a little bit.

One day, Sydney woke up and went downstairs. She saw that her mom was making eggs for breakfast, but the eggs usually were for Sydney to eat. That day, all of the animals were rushing to the kitchen table for breakfast. Some of the animals, like some of the piggies, were eating the eggs for breakfast. There was a goat that was eating Cheerios for breakfast. There were lots of little birds flying around Sydney's kitchen, trying to get little scraps and pieces of food that fell down from the kitchen table. After breakfast was over, Sydney saw that all of the animals were marching out of her farmhouse and going back outside. The animals were in single file, and they were saying, "March 2, three 4, march 2, three, four." The piggy, who thought he was a lion, was leading the pack, and he was in front of all of the animals in the farm. Instead of saying, "March 2, three, four," the piggy was saying, "RA, two, three, four. RA, two, three, four." All of the animals were following the piggy.

Sydney told her mom that they should put on their special hiking boots that were good for when it's muddy and follow the pigs and all of the other animals, including the goats, the chickens, and the big horse that lived inside Sydney's house. They should follow them off of the farm to see where the piggy, who thought he was a lion, was taking them on an adventure. The piggy who thought he was a lion kept saying, "RA, two, three, four. RA, two, three, four," as he led all of the animals and Sydney and Sydney's mom through a magical forest to a place where there was a Silly Putty adventureland.

A Silly Putty adventureland is a place where it's kind of like sometimes kids could get a little bit of Silly Putty to play with, and you can shape things. In Silly Putty adventureland, there's a lot of rides, but instead of having grass or dirt on the ground, the whole ground in the whole Silly Putty adventureland is made of Silly Putty. It's bigger than an ice skating rink. The trees are made out of regular wood, but they grow in the Silly Putty on the ground, and they have roots that grow in the Silly Putty. Because Silly Putty is kind of stretchy, the trees can jump up and down. The regular trees, which grow in Silly Putty, can jump up and down in the forest.

The piggy who thought he was a lion and all of the other animals took Sydney and her mom to the special Silly Putty adventureland, where there were trees that jumped up and down. When they got to the Silly Putty adventureland, the lion said, "RA, I have an announcement to make." Sydney told her mom that everyone needed to listen to the piggy that thought he was a lion. Everyone went in a circle around the piggy who thought he was a lion, and everyone held hands. The piggy who thought he was a lion said, "RA, you are in the Silly Putty adventure playland. When I roar two times, you are going to see a unicorn that is going to come out of the Silly Putty ground." Sydney said, "How can a unicorn come out of a Silly Putty adventureland?" But then the piggy who thought he was a lion said, "RA." Just as he roared, there was just a little toy unicorn that came out of the Silly Putty. Sydney was like, "Oh, that's not a real unicorn that came out of the Silly Putty. It's just a pretend one. That's a toy." The piggy that thought he was a lion started to cry because he was so sad, as he was trying to make a real unicorn come out of the Silly Putty, but only a pretend unicorn came out of the Silly Putty ground.

So Sydney and her mom walked up to the piggy that thought he was a lion, and they said, "It's okay, piggy. We're still having fun at this Silly Putty adventureland, even though it's just a pretend unicorn." Sydney's mom went to pick up the pretend unicorn from the ground, and she said, "Wait a second. Maybe the real unicorn, that was just its toy that came out. But then the real unicorn was about to come out." Sydney's mom brought the unicorn over to the piggy who thought he was a lion. Sydney's mom said, "It's okay because, look, this is a fun unicorn toy." The piggy who thought he was a lion just kept crying.

Then Sydney had an idea. She said, "Mom, maybe because this is a Silly Putty adventureland, the only way that the real unicorn could come out is if we all jump up and down on the Silly Putty, and then we'll see what happens." Sydney's mom said okay. Sydney told the piggy who thought he was a lion that he needed to stop crying for a little bit so they could all jump up and down on the Silly Putty. The piggy who thought he was a lion said, "Okay." All of the animals started to jump up and down on the Silly Putty. The piggy who thought he was a lion decided that was fun, so he started to jump up and down also. As Sydney and her mom and all of the animals in the Silly Putty adventureland were jumping up and down on the Silly Putty, the trees started to jump up and down again. From under one of the trees that had jumped up into the air, a real unicorn that was riding a motorcycle came out. The real unicorn told the piggy who thought he was a lion that the toy unicorn he found before was just a toy, and they all needed to jump together and have fun to make the real unicorn appear.

Sydney's mom was looking at the sky, and she saw that the sun was setting. She told Sydney they would have to go back to her house tonight, back to the farmhouse, and they would ask the piggy that thought he was a lion to take them on a different adventure back to the Silly Putty land a different day. Sydney and her mom and all of the animals lived happily ever after. The end.