Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Daniel. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Zenny and I'm from Houston, Texas. And I'm donate for marching team. And I want a story about a lion, unicorn, and a motorcycle. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Sydney who lives in Houston, Texas, and who turns four years old tomorrow on March 18. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Sydney. Happy birthday, Sydney. And Sydney asked for us to make up a story that includes a lion, a unicorn, and a motorcycle. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Sydney. Sydney was very lucky because she grew up on a farm. And in Sydney's house, there lived a big horse. And the big horse had a special door to get into the house. And the horse also had a special bed in the living room of Sydney's farmhouse. There were other animals that also lived in Sydney's big red farmhouse. For example, there were some pigs. What was there? A lion. One of the pigs was so silly because that pig used to say, oink, oink. And it would roll in the mud, and it would eat pig food. But do you know what? What? The pig would roar, and the pig thought he was a lion. And Sydney used to say to the piggy, piggy, you're not a lion. Why are you even roaring? And the piggy used to open his mouth and show Sydney his little teeth. And Sydney would say, Piggy, those are little teeth. Those aren't lion teeth. And the piggy would say, RA. And it was such a silly little piggy, because whenever it said raw, it would try to jump so high, just like a lion. But because it was a piggy, it could only jump a little bit. One day, Sydney woke up and she went downstairs and she saw that her mom was making eggs for breakfast, but the eggs usually were for Sydney to eat. But that day, all of the animals were rushing to the kitchen table for breakfast. And some of the animals, like some of the piggies, were eating the eggs for breakfast. And there was a goat that was eating Cheerios for breakfast. And there were lots of little birds that were flying around Sydney's kitchen, and they were trying to get little scripts and scraps and little pieces of food that fell down from the kitchen table. After breakfast was over, Sydney saw that all of the animals were marching out of her farmhouse and going back outside. The animals were in single file, and they were saying, march 2, three 4, march 2, three, four. But was the piggy saying yes? And the piggy, who thought he was a lion, was leading the pack, and he was in front of all of the animals in the farm. And instead of saying, march 2, three, four, the piggy was saying, RA, two, three, four. RA, two, three, four. And all of the animals were following the piggy. Sydney told her mom that she thought they should put on their special hiking boots that were good for when it's muddy and that they should go follow the pigs and all of the other animals, including the goats and including the chickens and including the big horse that lived inside of Sydney's house. And they should follow them off of the farm to see where the piggy, who thought he was a lion, was taking them on adventure. Well, the piggy who thought he was a lion kept saying, RA, two, three, four. RA, two, three, four, as he led all of the animals and Sydney and Sydney's mom through a magical forest to a place where there is a Silly Putty adventureland. No way. A Silly Putty adventureland is a place where it's kind of like sometimes kids could get, like, a little bit of Silly Putty to play with, and you can shape things. In Silly Putty adventureland, there's a lot of rides, but instead of having grass or dirt on the ground, the whole ground in the whole Silly Putty adventureland is made of Silly Putty. It's bigger than an ice skating rink. It's even bigger. And the trees are they made out of playdoh? No, the trees are made out of regular wood, but the trees grow in the Silly Putty on the ground, and they have roots that grow in the Silly Putty. And because Silly Putty is kind of stretchy, the trees are able to jump up and down. And the Silly Putty trees, the regular trees, but they grow in Silly Putty. They can jump up and down in the forest. And so the lion well, the piggy who thought he was a lion, and all of the other animals took Sydney and her mom to the special Silly Putty adventureland, where there were trees that jumped up and down. And when they got to the Silly Putty adventureland, the lion said, RA, I have an announcement to make. And Sydney told her mom that everyone needed to listen to the piggy that thought he was a lion. And everyone went in a circle around the piggy who thought he was a lion, and everyone held hands. And the piggy who thought he was a lion said, RA, you are in the Silly Putty adventure playland. When I roar two times, you are going to see a unicorn that is going to come out of the Silly Putty ground. And Sydney said, how can a unicorn come out of a Silly Putty adventureland? But then the piggy who thought he was a lion said, RA. And just as he roared, there was just a little toy unicorn that came out of the Silly Putty. And then Sydney was like, oh, that's not a real unicorn that came out of the Silly Putty. It's just a pretend one. That's a toy. And the piggy that thought he was a lion started to cry because he was so sad, because the piggy who thought he was a lion was trying to make a real unicorn come out of the Silly Putty, but only a pretend unicorn came out of the Silly Putty ground. So Sydney and her mom walked up to the piggy that thought he was a lion, and they said, It's okay, piggy. We're still having fun at this Silly Putty adventureland, even though it's just a pretend unicorn. And then Sydney's mom went to pick up the pretend unicorn from the ground, and Sydney's mom wait a second. Maybe the wheel unicorn, that was just its toy that came out. But then the wheel unicorn was about to come out, and Sydney's mom brought the unicorn over to the piggy who thought he was a lion. And Sydney's mom said, It's okay, because, look, this is a fun unicorn toy. And the piggy who thought he was a lion just kept crying. And then Sydney had an idea. Sydney said, mom, maybe because this is a Silly Putty adventureland, the only way that the unicorn, the real unicorn, could come out is if we all jump up and down on the Silly Putty, and then we'll see what happens. And so Sydney's mom said okay. And Sydney told the piggy who thought he was a lion that he needed to stop crying for a little bit so they could all jump up and down on the Silly Putty. And the piggy who thought he was a lion said, okay. And all of the animals started to jump up and down on the Silly Putty. And the piggy who thought he was a lion decided that was fun. So he started to jump up and down also. And as Sydney and her mom and all of the animals in the Silly Putty adventureland were jumping up and down on the Silly Putty, the trees started to jump up and down again. And from under one of the trees that had jumped up into the air, a real unicorn that was riding a motorcycle came out. And the real unicorn told the piggy who thought he was a lion that that was just his toy unicorn that he found before. And they all needed to jump together and have fun to make the real unicorn appear. Sydney's mom was looking at the sky, and she saw that the sun was setting. So she told Sydney they would have to go back to her house tonight, back to the farmhouse, and they would ask the piggy that thought he was a lion to take them on a different adventure back to the Silly Putty land, a different day. And Sydney and her mom and all of the animals lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.