Welcome to makeup. The kids Bedtime womb is good job, bud. Tonight tonight's makeup story. What did I say? Oh, it's a girl named Ryan and Jamie. And Ryan is turning seven this week. And what else? And Ryan wants us to make of a story about a girl who loves animals and she loves a horsey named Paris. And what did you want to add to the story? Soap and a box. Soap and a box. Tonight's makeup is a request from two listeners named Ryan and Jamie, who are both girls and who are sisters. And Ryan is having her 7th birthday in just a few days. And so we wanted to wish Ryan a happy birthday, and we're going to make up a buddy. Do you want to say happy birthday to Ryan? Happy birthday to Ryan. Thank you. And we're going to make up a story that has a girl who loves animals and who loves a horse named Paris. And we're also going to add soap and a box to the story. Once upon a time and what the speed of light? And the speed of light? Okay. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a princess whose name was Ryan. And Ryan lived in an olden days castle that was made out of stone. And there were big parts of the castle that looked like upside down ice cream cones. And these tops of the castle were made of real ice cream cone, but they also had some bricks on the outside and some stones to make it hard. And everyone who lived in this kingdom called it the Cupcake Ice cream Cone Castle. And it was really special. Well, one day, Princess Ryan heard from her father, the king, who said, princess Ryan, it's going to be your birthday tomorrow. And Princess Ryan said, Yay, it's going to be my birthday. And she went down the hall to get her sister Jamie. And Ryan and Jamie went outside of the castle because they were going to have breakfast outside that day. When they got out of the castle and opened the big castle doors, they saw that outside there was a picnic set up for them. And for breakfast that morning, they were going to have a chocolate chip muffin. And they were really happy about that because usually they didn't get to eat that for breakfast. Oh, is it because it was only one more day until Ryan's birthday? Yes. And when Ryan asked her father, the king and her mother, the queen, why she got to have a muffin for breakfast that day, her mama, the queen, told her that it was because tomorrow is her birthday. And Ryan saw that as she was having her muffin for breakfast, there was a horsey who had no leash or anything on him and no saddle, and he was just walking about by himself. The horsey was big and white, but had a big star right by his chest between his front two legs. And princess Ryan loved to call this horsey the white horsey with the big star in front of it, starry. And starry was her favorite horsey because sometimes when she was eating breakfast outside, starry would ask her if she would want a ride, and she would say yes, and her parents would let her, and she would go climb up on top of starry the horsey, and they would go for a star horsey ride. Starry was very gentle with kids and didn't go too fast unless you wanted it to, but when you were ready, starry was really good at jumping. Also, one day, there was a squirrel going on the grass as princess Ryan was riding Starry, and starry jumped over the squirrel and got out of the way, and princess Ryan was able to hold on the entire time. Well, after she finished riding Starry the horsey, she got back to breakfast, and her sister Jamie was crying. And Ryan asked Jamie why she was crying, and Jamie said that there was no soap left and therefore, they couldn't make any bubble bath and they couldn't do anything to clean themselves in the bath. And they couldn't wash their hands and they couldn't do anything. And Ryan told her sister Jamie that they could go on the hunt to see who took all of the soap. And so they got on their horses, and their mom and dad followed, and they looked around the little village, which was next to their castle for where the soap might be, and starry was really on the lookout. And as Ryan was riding starry the horsey, starry the horsey said, nay. And as she said nay, ryan noticed that there was something sneaky on the other side of the water. And the thing that was sneaky, there was a lot of bubble bath. There was for some reason. And Ryan and her sister Jamie had never seen this before, and this never even happened in the history of the whole kingdom before. But there is a big pile of bubble bath. So many different cans and bottles and jugs of bubble bath piled on top of each other on the other side of the river. And Ryan did not know how to get across the river because whoever took the soap must have made bubble bath with it, and they needed to get the bubble bath back. While Ryan knew right away there was no way a person could cross that river. But she was lucky because starry the horsey, the horsey that looked white but had a black star in its chest, said nay again. And just as it said that it crossed the river sure footedly and being very extremely in a detailed way, very careful and not slipping on any of the rocks and not letting the current of water push him down, starry went all the way across the stream to the bubble bath. And then when he got to the bubble bath. Starry the horsey said, a sound that Ryan and her sister Jamie had never heard a horsey make before. And the sound, it was like a little bit like a nay, but grownups wouldn't really be able to hear it. And I'm a grown up, so I can't make that sound. And so the horsey made a special sound that only kids could hear. And after the horsey made that sound, a lot of different horses came. And there were horses that came from all directions, and they had all sorts of colors and stripes. Some were big horses, some were little horses. Some horses had hairy tails. Some horses had no tails at all. Some of the horses had floppy ears, and some of the horses looked like they were wearing shoes. And all of the horses came to the rescue, and they all helped carry the bubble bath. They all have one bubble bath in their mouth? Yes. And each of the horses picked up a bottle of bubble bath in his mouth and carried it across the river to where the castle was. And they saved the day because the soap went into the bubble bath. And now they had so much bubble bath. And so Princess Ryan and Jamie decided but they didn't know what made it go there. Yeah, but they didn't know what made it go there, so they decided they had to solve that mystery. And as they were going to sleep that night, they were thinking to themselves, how do we figure out how the soap turned into bubble bath? And just as they were thinking that, right outside of the castle with the ice cream cone top pulled up a special cow, and the cow said, Moo. And it was carrying a box, well, Princess Ryan and Jamie opened up the castle door and they looked out at the cow with the box, and the cow put the box down, and Princess Jamie and Princess Ryan carried it up the stairs. They opened up the box and they saw that there was a little bubble bath making machine. And on one side of it, you put some soap, and on another side of it you put some water, and it had a fan in middle and it mixed it up and it turned soap into bubble bath. And so Princesses Ryan and Jamie solved the mystery, and they found the factory that was used to turn the soap into bubble bath. And Princess Ryan, couple days later, had a happy birthday and they all lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. Story ideas come from listeners just like you. So if you want me to make up a story for you, then just leave a review on itunes with your name, your age, and two things you want in the story. If you want me to wish you a happy birthday on the podcast, then you can ask me to do that on Facebook. Twitter or Gmail where my username is makeup stories. So you next time.