Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a seven-year-old girl named Sophia. Every night before bed, she would think about any special things that happened during the day. One night, as Sophia lay in bed, she looked out the window and saw a hot air balloon. It was flying so low that she could see it right outside her window. The hot air balloon landed just outside Sophia's house. She got out of bed, went to her parents' room, and told them about the hot air balloon. At first, her mom thought Sophia was playing a trick, but then Sophia asked her mom to hold her hand. Sophia, her mom, and her dad looked out the window, and they all really saw the hot air balloon.

Inside the hot air balloon was a person dressed in a ducky costume, saying, "Quack, quack." The person spoke a language that only kids could understand. They asked Sophia and her parents if they wanted to ride the hot air balloon to an island near the North Pole. Sophia told her parents that they should go on the special hot air balloon to the North Pole with the captain, who was dressed in a ducky costume.

The captain said, "Off we go!" and lit up the hot air balloon. It started to rise into the air. As Sophia went higher and higher, she told her parents it felt a bit like an elevator. It was also a very fun ride because they went even higher than airplanes. When they got above the clouds, she saw that there were pools on some of the clouds where mermaids would swim. As they got closer to the North Pole, they saw more and more snow on the ground.

Finally, the captain, dressed as a ducky and saying "quack, quack," told Sophia and her parents that it was time to land on the special island of Vanuatu. On Vanuatu, there was lots of snow, and the snow was North Pole snow, but it was a little different because there were no trees at the very top of the North Pole. However, on Vanuatu, there were special trees called ice cream cone trees. The ice cream cone trees were planted in the snow, and their roots helped them grow up and get strong. They grew tall into the air, looking like giant ice cream cones. There was a whole forest of ice cream cone trees on Vanuatu.

Sophia told the ducky captain that they should land to explore Vanuatu. The captain said, "Quack, quack," and landed the hot air balloon. Sophia saw that the ice cream cones really had ice cream in them. She thought, "I really want to eat one of those ice cream cone trees, but I need a ladder to climb up and take a bite. How can I get a ladder?" Sophia's mom suggested she take a little bite from the bottom of the ice cream cone. Sophia tried, but it was too big, so she needed help.

Luckily, Sophia noticed little hamsters scurrying about the ice cream forest. One hamster was named Jack. Jack the hamster reminded her of a hamster she knew from home. But this was a different Jack, the grandpa of the hamster from her house. This Jack wore silly glasses and a hat made of a banana. He did a funny hamster backward somersault jumping jack dance. The hamster came up to Sophia and asked if she needed help. Sophia told Jack she wanted to eat some ice cream from the ice cream cone trees on Vanuatu. Jack said they couldn't eat the ice cream until it had sprinkles. Sophia asked, "How do we get sprinkles on the ice cream?" Jack said, "Follow me."

Sophia, her parents, and the ducky captain followed Jack through Vanuatu's ice cream forest. They went through ice cream cone trees, passed a trail made of chocolate, and reached the top of a giant sugar mountain. In the middle of the sugar mountain was a volcano, and something that looked like lava was about to erupt. Sophia didn't know what was in the sugar volcano. She told the ducky captain to go on his hot air balloon above the volcano to see what it was, but not to get too close.

The ducky captain said, "Quack, quack," and flew up on his hot air balloon. He saw that the volcano was full of sprinkles. He returned and told Sophia it was a sprinkle volcano. Sophia asked if it was dangerous, and the ducky captain said no. Just then, the volcano erupted, and sprinkle fireworks covered Vanuatu's snowy island. The sprinkles landed on all the ice cream cone trees. Sophia said, "Oh, we're so lucky now because we get to eat the ice cream cones with sprinkles."

After the sprinkles fell on all the ice cream cone trees, Sophia found secret ladders attached to the cones. The ladders appeared once the sprinkles fell. Sophia, her parents, Jack, and the ducky captain climbed up the ladders of different ice cream cone trees. They all had so much fun.

Sophia had to go back home to Somerset, England, but she asked her parents if they could attach an ice cream cone tree to the hot air balloon and bring it home. She tried with Jack and the ducky captain, but they couldn't attach one. They were worried it would melt on the way.

Sophia and her parents went back home, having had a fun adventure. They decided that if the hot air balloon ever landed outside their house again, they would go for another trip. Sophia and her parents lived happily ever after. The end.