Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a seven-year-old girl whose name was Sophia. Every night before she went to bed, she used to think about if a special thing happened during the day. One night, Sophia was lying down in her bed, and she looked out the window and saw a hot air balloon. The hot air balloon was going so low, she could see it right outside her window. The hot air balloon landed right outside Sophia's house. Sophia got out of bed, walked to her mom and dad's room, and told her parents that a hot air balloon had landed right outside their house. At first, Sophia's mom thought Sophia was playing a trick, but then Sophia told her mom to hold her hand. Sophia, her mom, and her dad looked out the window, and they all really did see the hot air balloon.

There was a person inside the hot air balloon, but the person was dressed up in a ducky costume and said, "Quack, quack." The person was able to talk in a language that only kids understand. They asked Sophia if she and her parents wanted to go in the hot air balloon all the way to an island near the North Pole. Sophia told her parents that they should go on the special hot air balloon all the way to the North Pole with the captain of the hot air balloon, who was dressed up in a ducky costume.

The captain said, "Off we go!" and lit up the hot air balloon. It started going in the air. As Sophia went higher and higher in the hot air balloon, she told her parents it felt a little bit like an elevator. It was also a very fun ride because Sophia got even higher than airplanes. When she got on top of the clouds, she saw that there were pools on top of some of the clouds that some mermaids would swim in. As they got closer and closer to the North Pole, they saw more and more snow on the ground.

Finally, the captain of the hot air balloon, who was dressed up as a ducky and would say "quack, quack," told Sophia and her parents that it was time for them to land on the special island of Vanuatu. On the island of Vanuatu, there was so much snow, and the snow was North Pole snow, but it was a little bit different because in the North Pole, all the way at the tippy top, there aren't any trees that grow. However, on the island of Vanuatu, there were special trees that grew. These trees were ice cream cone trees. The ice cream cone trees would be planted in the snow, and their roots would help them grow up and get strong. They would grow all the way into the air, and they looked like giant ice cream cones. There was a whole forest of ice cream cone trees on the island of Vanuatu.

Sophia told the captain, who was dressed up as a ducky, that they should land to explore the island of Vanuatu on the North Pole. The ducky captain said, "Quack, quack," and he landed the hot air balloon. Sophia saw that the ice cream cones really did have ice cream in them. She thought to herself, "I really want to eat one of those ice cream cone trees, but I need a ladder to climb up and take a bite of it. How can I get a ladder?" Sophia's mom said, "Well, maybe you could just take a little bite of the bottom of the ice cream cone." Sophia tried to take a bite, but it was too big, so she needed to get help.

Luckily, Sophia noticed that scurrying about the ice cream forest, there were little hamsters. One of the hamsters was named Jack. Jack the hamster reminded her of a hamster that she knew from her house. But it wasn't the same hamster; it was a different Jack, the hamster in her house's grandpa. That hamster named Jack wore silly glasses, and it also had a hat made up of a banana. It used to do a silly hamster backward somersault jumping jack silly dance. The hamster came up all the way to Sophia and asked her if she needed any help. Sophia told the hamster that she wanted to eat some of the ice cream from the ice cream cone trees on the island of Vanuatu. The hamster told Sophia that you're not supposed to eat the ice cream on the island of Vanuatu until it has sprinkles. Sophia asked, "Well, how do we make sure there are sprinkles on the ice cream?" The hamster said, "Follow me."

Sophia, her parents, and the captain of the hot air balloon, who was dressed up as a ducky, started to follow the hamster through the island of Vanuatu in the North Pole. They went through some ice cream cone trees, passed a trail made up of chocolate, and got all the way to the top of a giant sugar mountain. In the middle of the sugar mountain, they saw that it was a volcano, and there was something that looked like lava about to explode. Sophia didn't know what kind of thing in the sugar volcano would explode. She told the captain of the hot air balloon, who was dressed up as a ducky, to go on his hot air balloon on top of the volcano made of sugar to see what it was. She also told him not to get too close, or else it might be scary.

The ducky captain said, "Quack, quack," and he went up on his hot air balloon. He saw in the middle of the volcano that it was full of sprinkles. He went back down and told Sophia that it was a sprinkle volcano. Sophia asked if it was dangerous, and the captain, who was dressed as a ducky, said no. Just as he said that, the volcano exploded, and there were sprinkle fireworks that went all over the snow island of Vanuatu. The sprinkles landed on all the ice cream cone trees. Sophia said, "Oh, we're so lucky now because we get to eat the ice cream cones which have sprinkles."

After the sprinkles fell on all the ice cream cone trees in the snowy island of Vanuatu, Sophia found that there were secret ladders attached to all of the ice cream cones. The ladders came out once the sprinkles fell. Sophia, her parents, the hamster, and the captain of the hot air balloon, who was dressed up as a ducky, climbed up the ladders of different ice cream cone trees. They all had so much fun.

Sophia had to go back home to Somerset, England, but she decided she would ask her parents if she could attach one ice cream cone tree to the bottom of the hot air balloon and bring it all the way back to her house. She tried and tried, along with the hamster and the captain of the hot air balloon, but they couldn't attach one. They were worried that it would melt on the way.

Sophia and her parents went back home, and they had a fun adventure. They decided that if the hot air balloon ever landed outside their house again, they would go for another trip. Sophia and her parents lived happily ever after. The end.