Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Sophia. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hello. My name is Sophia. I am six years old, but I am going to be seven on the 15 January, and I live in Somerset in England. I would like a story about a hamster and fireworks and Jesse from Toy Story. Thank you. Bye. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Sophia, who lives in Somerset, England, and who turns seven years old today on January 15. And so we want to say happy birthday, Sophia. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. And Sophia asked for us to make up a story that includes a hamster, fireworks, and Jesse from Toy story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a seven year old girl whose name was Sophia. And Sophia, every night before she went to bed, she used to think about if a special thing happened during the day. And one night, Sophia was laying down in her bed, and she looked out the window, and she saw a hot air balloon. And the hot air balloon was going so low, she could see it right outside of her window. And the hot air balloon landed right outside of Sophia's house. And Sophia got out of bed, and she walked to her mom and her dad's room, and Sophia told her parents, guys, a hot air balloon landed right outside of her house. And first, Sophia's mom thought that Sophia was tricking, but then Sophia told her mom to hold her hand. And Sophia and her mom and also Sophia's dad looked out the window, and they all really did see the hot air balloon. There was a person inside the hot air balloon, but the person was dressed up in a ducky costume, and the person said, quack, quack. And it was able to talk in a language that only kids understand. And it asked Sophia if Sophia and her parents wanted to go in the hot air balloon all the way to an island near the north pole. Also, the kids would tell the parents yes. And Sophia told her parents that they should go on the special hot air balloon all the way to the north pole with the captain of the hot air balloon, who is dressed up in a ducky costume. Well, the captain said, off we go. And he lit up the hot air balloon, and it started going in the air. As Sophia went higher and higher in a hot air balloon, she told her parents it felt a little bit like an elevator. And it was also a very fun ride because Sophia got even higher than airplanes. And when she got on top of the clouds, she saw that there were pools on top of some of the clouds that some mermaids would swim in. And when they got closer and closer to the north pole, they saw more and more snow on the ground. And finally, the captain of the hot air balloon, who was dressed up as a ducky and would say quack quack, told Sophia and her parents that it was time for them to land on the special island of Vanuatu. And in the island of Vanuatu, there was so much snow, and the snow was North Pole snow, but it was a little bit different because in the North Pole, all the way at the tippy top, there aren't any trees that grow. But on the island of Vanuatu, there were special trees that grew. And the trees were ice cream cone trees. And the ice cream cone trees would be planted in the snow, and their roots would help it grow up and get strong, and they would grow all the way into the air. And it looked like a giant, giant ice cream cone. And there was a whole forest of the ice cream cone trees on the island of Vanuatu. And Sophia told the captain, who is dressed up as a ducky, that they should land to explore the island of Vanuatu on the North Pole. And the ducky captain said, Quack quack, and he landed the hot air balloon. And Sophia saw that the ice cream cones really did have ice cream in them. Did she eat a tree? So she thought to herself, I really want to eat one of those ice cream cone trees, but I need a ladder to climb up, take a bite of it. How can I get a ladder? And Sophia's mom said, well, maybe you could just take a little bite of the bottom of the ice cream cone. And Sophia tried to take a bite, but it was too big, so she needed to get help. Luckily, this might work. Just, like, to take or, like, even if she took a bite of it, that could make it collapse on her. Yes. And she needed to be careful not to take a bite from the bottom of the ice cream cone, because if she took a bite from the wrong place, then it could fall, just like a tree falling on someone. So Sophia decided she needed a different idea. And the different idea was this. Sophia noticed that scurrying about the ice cream forest, there were little hamsters, and one of the hamsters was named Jack. And Jack the hamster reminded her of a hamster that she knew from her house. But it wasn't the same hamster. It was a different jack. It was the hamster in her house, jack's grandpa. And that hamster named Jack wore silly glasses, and it also had a hat that was made up of a banana, and it used to do a silly hamster backwards, somersault jumping Jack silly dance. And the hamster came up all the way to Sophia, and the hamster asked Sophia if she needed any help. And Sophia told the hamster that she wanted to eat some of the ice cream from the ice cream cone trees in the island of Vanuatu. And the hamster told Sophia that you're not supposed to eat the ice cream, that it's on the island of Vanuatu until it has sprinkles. And Sophia said, well, how do we make sure there's sprinkles on the ice cream? And the hamster said, Follow me. And so Sophia and her parents and the captain of the hot air balloon, which was dressed up as a ducky, started to follow the hamster through the island of Vanuatu in the North Pole. And they went through some ice cream cone trees, and they passed a trail that was made up of chocolate, and they got all the way to the top of a giant sugar mountain. And in middle of the sugar mountain, they saw that it was a volcano, and there was explode, like maybe apple juice. Well, Sophia didn't know what kind of thing in the sugar volcano would explode. It looked like lava to her. So she told the captain of the hot air balloon, who is dressed up as a ducky, to go on his hot air balloon on top of the volcano made of sugar to see what it was. But she told him not to get so close or else it might be scary. So the ducky captain said, Quack, quack. And he went up on his hot air balloon, and he saw in the middle of the volcano. And do you know what he saw? What? Sprinkles. And so he went back down and told Sophia that it was a sprinkle volcano. And Sophia asked if it was dangerous. And the captain, who is dressed as a ducky, said, no. And just as he said that, just as he said that, it exploded, and there was sprinkle fireworks that went all over the snow island of Vanuatu. And the sprinkles landed on all the ice cream cone trees. And Sophia said, oh, we're so lucky now, because we get to eat the ice cream cones which have sprinkles. And after the sprinkles fell on all the ice cream cone trees in the snowy island of Vanuatu, sophia found that there were secret ladders attached to all of the ice cream cones. And the ladders came out once the sprinkles fell. And Sophia and her parents and the hamster and also the captain of the hot air balloon, who was dressed up as a ducky, climbed up the ladders of different ice cream cone trees. And they all had so much. Sophia had to go back home to Somerset, England, but she decided she would ask her parents if she could attach one ice cream cone tree to the bottom of the hot air balloon and bring it all the way back to her house. So she tried, and she tried, along with the hamster and the captain of the hot air balloon, but they couldn't attach one, no problem. Would it melt? Yeah. And they were worried that it would melt on the way. So Sophia and her parents went back home, and they had a fun adventure. And they decided that if the hot air balloon ever landed outside their house again, they would go for another trip. And Sophia and her parents lived happily ever after. The end. Hi, thank you for listening to Makeup story. Tell all your friends to listen to makeup stories. Thank you.