Once upon a time, long ago, there was a five-year-old boy named Lincoln. Lincoln was really good at building things. For example, when people were building with blocks or Legos, Lincoln had great ideas to show them what to do. He knew how to make little bridges, tunnels, and many other special things with blocks.

One day, Lincoln got so good at building that he figured out how to make an entire car out of blocks! He asked his mom to go to the store and buy lots of blocks to make a wooden car. Lincoln's mom went to the store and ordered all the blocks they had. It cost a whole silver coin! They brought the blocks back in a pickup truck because there were so many.

It took Lincoln and his mom about an hour to unload all the blocks in their living room. Then, Lincoln started building. He figured out where to put the bumper, the trunk, the doors, and all the different parts of the car. But he couldn't make wheels out of blocks because they were usually rectangular, and wheels needed to be round.

So, Lincoln decided to use something special for the wheels of his car: real car wheels! He found some outside his house and used them for his wooden car. With his mom's help, he changed the shape of the car to make it a Jeep.

Lincoln got a key and tried to test out his wooden Jeep with his mom. But it didn't work because he forgot an engine! So, Lincoln found some metal pipes and a cup to use as a gas tank. He put everything together and tried the key again. This time, the Jeep started moving inside the house!

Lincoln's mom was amazed and asked how they would get the Jeep out of the house. They decided to knock down a wall using construction equipment and axes, with his mom's supervision. After driving the Jeep out, they had some builders fix the wall.

Lincoln and his mom went for a ride in the wooden Jeep. It was special because it could float on water like a boat since it was made of wood! They went fishing in the middle of a river, but the fish swam away when the Jeep approached. So, Lincoln told his mom not to start the engine while they were floating.

They caught a fish, but it wasn't a regular fish. It was a wolffish! Wolffish are like regular wolves but can swim in water. They have wolf paws, teeth, and a big nose. They can also howl underwater like a wolf, but it sounds like they're blowing bubbles.

Lincoln was the first one to catch a wolffish. This wolffish was friendly and liked ducks. It even helped clean ducks' feathers with its teeth! Lincoln decided to bring the wolffish to a lake near his house so it could live there and be friends with the frogs.

Afterward, Lincoln parked his special wooden Jeep in the driveway like a regular car. He and his mom went inside and told their family the story. Lincoln and his family lived happily ever after, with their regular cars and the wooden Jeep for extra fun. The end! Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they'll like it.