Once upon a time, long time ago, there was a five-year-old boy whose name was Lincoln. Lincoln was really good at building things. For example, usually if people were building blocks or they wanted to build things with Lego, then Lincoln could have good ideas for showing them what to do, including, Lincoln knew how to show people how to make little bridges with blocks and how to make tunnels with blocks and how to build a lot of special things. Lincoln got so good at building with blocks that he figured out how to make a whole entire car out of blocks. And so he asked his mom to go to the store and to get so many blocks to make a wooden car. And Lincoln's mom went to the store and ordered all of the blocks that they had in the whole store, and she brought it home. It cost a whole silver coin for her to do that. And they went and brought it back in a pickup truck because it was so much it had to fit. And then they started unloading it in Lincoln's living room. It takes almost an hour to unload it. Yeah, it took about an hour. And Lincoln and his mom unloaded all of the blocks. And then Lincoln got to building. He figured out where to put the bumper of the car that he was going to make and where to put the trunk, and where to put the doors, and where to put the wheels and all the different parts. But he couldn't make the wheels out of the blocks because blocks are usually like rectangular shaped or they have strong angles, but circles are round, and wheels are round, too. And that's what Lincoln needed for the bottom of his car. I have wheel logs at my house, and there's some circles. Yeah, and you're right, some log sets do have some circle ones, but they're not so good to use for wheels for like a big car. Yeah. Cause yeah. And so anyway, Lincoln decided that he would have to use something very special to be the wheels of his car. And do you know what it was? Wheels. Car wheels. Yes, that's right. He found some car wheels right outside his house, and he used regular car wheels to put on it. And then he decided well, his mom helped. And then he decided that he wanted to make sure that the car would be a Jeep. And so he started changing the shape so that it was a Jeep. And then he got a key and he decided to test it out with his mom. And Lincoln put the key in the wooden car that he built and it did not work because he forgot an engine. And so Lincoln found some metal pipes and he put them together. And he also found like a cup that he could use for a gas tank in the car. And he put it all together and then he put it back in and then he put the key in the Jeep that he built. And do you know what happened? Yeah, it started going inside the house. Yeah, but it was inside the house. And so Lincoln's mom said, whoa, I can't believe the Jeep that you made, the wooden Jeep really works right now, and how are you going to even drive it out of the house? And Lincoln and his mom decided that they were going to have to knock down a wall using construction equipment and axes and stuff, which he used with his mom's supervision and help. And they knocked it down. They drove the Jeep out of the house and they had some builders fix the part of the house that they had to knock down. And Lincoln started going in his Jeep out of town. Well, he started to go in his Jeep and his mom was in the passenger seat. And he had a car seat in the driver's seat space. That's how he was able to go. And it was a special. Kids shouldn't drive in real life, but in this makeup, he was able to sit in a car seat, in the driver's seat and drive his Jeep. And Lincoln was made out of logs. Isn't that all right? Yeah, it was definitely a heavy car. But guess what was special about this Jeep? It floated because it was made out of wood, just like a boat. And so he went on the water and started the engine floated on top of the water too, so it didn't get wet. The whole Jeep was made of wood because he made it out of the logs and it floated in the water and was wheels were still able to turn and it was still able to go. And it was so much fun. So Lincoln went back to shore and got a fishing rod and he got a net. And then he decided to go fishing with his mom in his Jeep while they were in middle of a river. And it was a lot of fun. But whenever the Jeep went from the fishies swam away and hid under some rocks in the water. And so Lincoln told his mom not to broom the Jeep engine as it was floating on the river. And they were trying to catch a fish, and they ended up catching a fish. And do you know what happened to this fish bud? What? It was not a regular fish. When there was on the end of their fishing rod and they had a little hook that didn't really hurt. And then when they started reeling in their fishing rod and pulling in the string so that they could see what was on the other end of it. Do you know what came out of the water? What? A wolffish. A wolffish is a type of fish that most people don't know about. It's like a regular wolf, but it's a fish version of it. And it could swim in the water, and it still has, like, wolf paws. It still has wolf teeth and a big wolf nose. And it's still really good at smelling because wolves are good at smelling things that are far away. And it also howls just like a regular wolf. But instead of howling like, a wolf on land would howl and go, these are underwater. So they went and it sounded it was a little bit like that, but they had to make sure water wouldn't get in their mouth while they howled. So it was a little bit more like if they're blowing bubbles, that's how the Wolffish howled. And Lincoln was the first one to catch a Wolffish. Wolffish, because they're also, like wolves, are able to go out of the water and also breathe in the air. Another animal that could do that is a froggy. Froggies could breathe underwater and on top of water a little bit because they're tad when they're tadpoles. And the Wolffish got on the boat and it went right on Lincoln's mom's hand. And the Wolffish started walking on Lincoln's mom's hand and it was looking to see if there were any worms to eat because do you know what? Wolffish like to eat? Worms. But there were no worms on Lincoln's mom's hand. So Lincoln drove his floating jeep all the way back to the land in Utah. No. Lincoln decided to bring the wolf to a lake that was next to his house so that the Wolffish could just live in that lake. And he said he told the Wolffish that it could just be friends with the frogs and stuff because the frogs that lived at that lake were nice. And the Wolffish told Lincoln that it was also actually a friendly Wolffish because it liked ducks. And other Wolffish are not so nice to ducks. But this Wolffish really did like ducks. This is the only one that liked ducks. Yeah, this is the only Wolffish that liked ducks. And ducks used to like it also because you know what he did to ducks? If a duck's feathers got dirty, then the Wolffish would just, like, get the dirt out with its teeth. And that felt nice. It tickled the ducks and it got the dirt out so that they were cleaner. Well, anyway, Lincoln brought the Wolffish all the way back to the pond that was near his house. And he went back home and he parked the special Jeep that he made out of logs right in his driveway, like a regular car. And he unstrapped his car seat and he and his mom his mom was in the passenger seat in the front. They went out and they told their dad and everyone else the story. And Lincoln and his family lived happily ever after. But get rid of the regular car. They still had the regular cars. An extra one for his mom in case Lincoln and his mom wanted to use cars at the same time. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.