Once upon a time, long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Kyla. Kyla lived right next to a big beach, and the sand on the beach was pink. It wasn't the regular color of sand. And on the beach, there were big lollipops that would grow from the ground. The top of the lollipops were rainbow-colored. The beach was really special because there were caterpillars that would go under the pink sand. The caterpillars were so big, they were almost as big as a person. The caterpillars that used to dig under the pink sand on the magic beach where Kyla lived used to wear sunglasses. They loved listening to Cocoa Melon and to Wheels on the Bus and to lots of different songs.

Well, it was always party time on the pink beach where Kyla lived because whenever somebody said "party, party, party," you would see big cactuses grow out of the pink sand. The big green cactuses would have all sorts of disco lights on them. Some of the cactuses, or cacti, had speakers, and they could sing whatever music you wanted. There were fireflies as big as airplanes, and the fireflies would fly through the sky right before bedtime. You could see big lights in the sky. Some of the big fireflies, which were as big as airplanes, had green lights and some had purple lights. Whenever a firefly that had a pink light flew over the pink beach, it meant something special would happen. But Kyla never saw the kind of firefly that made a pink light go over the beach. So Kyla would always wait with her friends on the beach. In between dance parties and acrobatic tricks, Kyla and her friends would always look at the sky. They would look at the colors of the big jumbo fireflies high up in the sky.

One day, it was a little bit cloudy, and you could see big cargo ships in the ocean. There were a lot of parents who were looking the other way, and you could see dogs playing around and woof-woofing on the beach. You could also see lots of kids digging pink sandcastles. You could see lots of kids playing Ring Around a Rosie and other fun games, including tag and saying "you're it." When suddenly, Kyla looked up and saw that finally, a pink firefly, so big it was as big as a helicopter, flew over the beach, and its pink light on the firefly went blink, blink, blink. Just as the pink light on the firefly blinked three times, all of the disco lights on the beach started to turn on. They had lots of different colors that would point to the sky like blue, green, red, yellow, orange, purple, and pink. They would all shine at the clouds, and the clouds would have little reflections of the disco lights on them.

All of the kids were like, "Wow, it finally happened!" And Kyla got to tell them that she was the first one to see the pink firefly that was as big as a helicopter. When the pink firefly made all of the disco lights turn on, all of the speakers in the cactuses started to play some fun music as well. There were kids who decided to play drums on sandcastles, and even though they were hitting the sandcastles, they wouldn't break.

While the pink firefly was in the sky, it suddenly started to fly up in an oval shape. It looked a little bit like a circle, but it was stretched out. As the firefly started to fly up from the sky all the way to a different island on the other side of the ocean, it made the biggest rainbow ever. This was the record for the biggest rainbow that ever existed on planet Earth. The rainbow was so big that even if you lived close to the other side of the Earth, you could see it because the rainbow went almost all the way around the whole Earth. It was an X rainbow, so it went one way around the Earth, and in the middle, a different rainbow connected to it. They were crisscrossing rainbows like crisscross applesauce.

The rainbows were so special that all of the kids were like, "Look, the disco lights are on, and the cactuses are playing music, and the cargo ships look like they're starting to float out of the water!" All of the kids were so happy when suddenly a family of unicorns started coming up the rainbow. Two of the unicorns were on one rainbow, and another two unicorns, the kid unicorns, were on a different rainbow. They were sliding down the rainbow so fast, and the unicorns were laughing and giggling. They thought it was so funny that there were such big rainbows everywhere because unicorns don't usually get such big rainbows. Unicorns are even okay with regular-sized rainbows. But because these were the biggest rainbows that ever occurred on planet Earth, all of the unicorns in the world got together and had a unicorn dance party in the sky.

Some people do know this, but just in case you didn't learn it yet, when unicorns dance in the sky and they kind of stomp their feet because they're dancing, that makes candy come down. When the candy comes down, it comes down on parachutes. There might be a lollipop attached to a parachute, or there might be a Kit Kat or a different kind of chocolate bar. It even has yummy drinks that are attached to parachutes. They don't spill as they're coming down because when the unicorns stomp their feet, sometimes it makes water bottles filled with apple juice, grape juice, or orange juice come down from the sky. It doesn't fall down; it's attached to a parachute and has a sippy cup top attached to it so it doesn't spill while it's going down through the sky onto planet Earth.

Kyla and her friends looked up and saw that all sorts of candy was falling from the sky. There were parachutes attached to the candy, so they were going down slowly. Kyla and her friends were already so happy. Kyla told her friends that she thought all of this happened because of that special big helicopter-sized pink firefly. Kyla's friends told her that they thought she was right. It really was because of the pink firefly that the rainbows came, and then the unicorns came, and then the unicorns decided to have a dance party in the sky. The unicorns, while they were dancing, made candy come out of their feet, and that was attached to parachutes. So now there was just candy falling all over the sky. It didn't hurt kids because it landed very softly because of the parachutes. All of Kyla's friends told her that she did such a good job.

Kyla and her family lived happily ever after. The end.