Hey. Hello. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is leila. I'm six. I live in Wakefield, Massachusetts. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Bye. My name is kyla. I live in blank, cayman. I'm gonna be fly may 11. Can I have a makeup story about a cactus, a unicorn, and a rainbow? Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named kyla who lives in grand cayman and who turned four years old yesterday on may 11. And so we want to say happy birthday, Kyla. And kyla asked for us to make up a story that includes a cactus, a unicorn, and a rainbow. Once upon a time, long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was kyla. Kyla lived right next to a big beach, and the sand on the beach was pink. It wasn't the regular color of sand. And on the beach there were big lollipops that would grow from the ground. And the top of the lollipops were rainbow colored. And the beach was really special because there were caterpillars that would go under the pink sand. And the caterpillars were so big, they were almost as big as a person. And the caterpillars that used to dig under the pink sand and the magic beach where kyla lived used to wear sunglasses. And they loved listening to cocoa melon and to wheels on the bus and to lots of different songs. Well, it was always party time on the pink beach where kyla lived, because whenever somebody said party, party, party, you would see big cactuses grow out of the pink sand. And the big green cactuses would have all sorts of disco lights on them. And some of the cactuses or cacti had speakers, and they could sing whatever music you wanted. There were fireflies that were as big as airplanes, and the fireflies would fly through the sky right before bedtime. And so you could see big lights in the sky. And some of the big fireflies, which were as big as airplanes, had green lights and some had purple lights. Whenever a firefly that had a pink light flew over the pink beach, it meant something special was happening would happen. But kyla never saw the kind of firefly that made a pink night a pink light go over the beach. So kyla would always wait with her friends on the beach. And in between dance parties and in between doing acrobatic tricks, kyla and her friends would always look at the sky, and they would look at the colors of the big jumbo fireflies high up in the sky until one day it was a little bit cloudy, and you can see big cargo ships in the ocean. There were a lot of parents who were looking the other way, and you can see dogs that were playing around and woof woofing on the beach. And you can also see lots of kids digging pink sandcastles. And you can see lots of kids playing ring around a rosie and other fun games, including tag and saying you're it. When suddenly kyla looked up and kyla saw that finally a pink kind of firefly, a pink firefly so big it was as big as a helicopter flew over the beach and its pink light on the firefly went blink, blink, blink. And just as the pink light on the firefly blinked three times, all of the disco lights on the beach started to turn on. And they would have lots of different colors that would point to the sky like blue and green and red and yellow and orange and purple and pink. And they would all shine at the clouds, and the clouds would have the little reflections of the disco lights on them. And all of the kids were like, wow, it finally happened. And kyla got to tell them that she was the first one to see the pink firefly that was as big as a helicopter. And when the pink firefly made all of the disco lights turn on, all of the speakers and the cactuses started to play some fun music as well. And there were kids who decided to play drums on sandcastles, and even though it was hitting the sandcastles, they wouldn't break. While the pink firefly was in the sky, suddenly the firefly started to fly up in kind of an oval shape. It looked a little bit like a circle, but it was stretched out. And as the firefly started to fly up from the sky all the way to a different island on the other side of the ocean, it made the biggest rainbow ever. This was the record for the biggest rainbow that ever existed on the planet earth. The rainbow was so big that even if you lived close to the other side of the earth, then you can see it because the rainbow went almost all the way around the whole earth, and it was an x rainbow. So it went one way around the earth, and in middle a different rainbow connected to it. And they were crisscrossing rainbows like crisscross applesauce. And the rainbows were so special that all of the kids were like, look, the disco lights are on and the cactuses are playing music, and the cargo ships look like they're starting to float out of the water. And all of the kids were so happy when suddenly a family of unicorns started coming up the rainbow. And two of the unicorns were on one rainbow and another two unicorns, the kid unicorns were on a different rainbow and they were sliding down the rainbow so fast, and the unicorns were laughing and giggling, and they thought it was so funny that there were such big rainbows everywhere, because unicorns don't usually get such big rainbows. Unicorns, they're even okay with regular size rainbows. But because these were the biggest rainbows that ever occurred on the planet earth, all of the unicorns in the world got together and had a unicorn dance party in the sky. Some people do know this, but just in case you didn't learn it yet, when unicorns dance in the sky and they kind of stomp their feet because they're dancing, that makes candy come down. When the candy comes down, it comes down on parachutes. And so there might be like a lollipop attached to a parachute, or there might be like a kit kat or a different kind of chocolate bar. And it even has yummy drinks that are attached to parachutes. And they don't spill as they're coming down, because when the unicorns stomp their feet, sometimes when they stomp in the sky, it makes water bottles that are filled with, like, apple juice or grape juice or orange juice. It comes down from the sky from the unicorn stomping, and so it doesn't fall down. It's attached to a parachute, and it also has a it's like in a sippy cup, so it has a top attached to it so it doesn't spill while it's going down through the sky onto the planet earth. And so kyla and her friends looked up, and they saw that all sorts of candy was falling from the sky. And there were parachutes attached to the candy. So they were going down slowly. And kyla and her friends were already so happy. And kyla told her friends that she think all she thought all of this happened because there was that special big helicopter sized pink firefly. And Kyla's friends told her that she thought she was right. It really was because of the pink firefly that the rainbows came. And then the unicorns came. And then the unicorns decided to have a dance party in the sky. And then the unicorns, while they were dancing, made candy come out of their feet, and that was attached to parachutes. And so now there was just candy falling all over the sky. And it didn't hurt kids because it landed very softly because of the parachutes. And all of Kyla's friends told kyla that she did such a good job. And kyla and her family lived happily ever after. The end.