Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. It was nighttime, and so their dad told them a story and tucked them into bed. Outside, Jonah and Jesse could hear that it was raining. Jesse put his head on the pillow, turned around, and closed his eyes. When he did, he felt the blanket getting tighter and tighter around him. He tried to speak, saying, "Jonah." Jonah also felt a blanket getting really tight against him. They were all wrapped up in the blanket, and it was becoming so tight, just like a burrito. Jesse and Jonah cried, "Help, help." But the more they shouted, the tighter the blanket got. So Jonah told Jesse they had to stop talking. Jonah and Jesse didn't know what to do to get the blanket to let go of them.

Finally, Jonah had an idea. He told Jesse that the only way they could get the blanket off was not to make noise and shout for help because that just made the blanket tighter. Jonah told Jesse they had to roll off their beds, and when they rolled off, they would be on the floor with the blankets wrapped around them. Then Jonah told Jesse they had to wiggle around the floor just like snakes and go outside of their room to their parents' room. But there were two problems. Problem number one, Jonah was on the top bunk bed, and so if he were going to fall, it would be a pretty big fall. Problem number two, Jesse didn't want to fall from the bottom bunk bed because even though it wasn't such a big fall, he didn't want to get a bump.

So Jesse had an idea. He decided he would roll off his bunk bed slowly, and he did. Then he told Jonah, "Jonah, okay, now you fall on top of me." Jonah asked, "Are you sure?" Jesse said, "Yes." Jesse decided he would blow up with his mouth to make Jonah's fall go a little bit more slowly. To his surprise, it felt like there was a fan inside his mouth. He blew so much air that when Jonah fell down, he fell down slowly, right on top of Jesse.

Now, Jonah and Jesse had another problem. They were both on the floor, but the door to their room was closed. They could wiggle to the door, but they didn't know how to get it open. So Jesse wiggled and squirmed, and Jonah also tried to slide and slither. Slowly but surely, they made their way to the door. Once they got there, Jonah told Jesse to slither on top of him. Jesse went on top of Jonah, stood up in the blanket, and tried to open the doorknob with his mouth. Finally, they got the door to open, and Jesse and Jonah wiggled through the hallway with their blankets on until they got to their mom and dad's room.

When they got to their mom and dad's room, they saw that Steve and Amanda were fast asleep in bed. So Jesse said, "Mom." Suddenly, the blanket got tighter around him. Jonah said, "No, Jesse, don't talk. It'll just make the blanket tighter." When he said that, the blanket got a little tighter around him. Jesse told Jonah he had an idea. He wiggled up to his mom and licked her forehead, which woke Amanda up. When Amanda woke up, the blanket got really tight around her, so she couldn't help. Jesse wiggled and squirmed all the way to his dad's side of the bed, to Steve's side, and licked him. Steve woke up too, but then his blanket went around him so tight. Now, everyone in the family had tight blankets on them. Jesse didn't know what to do because his mom and dad couldn't help. Jonah also didn't know what to do until finally, Jesse had an idea to save the day.

Do you know what Jesse decided? Jesse decided to wiggle to the bathtub, clog the drain, and then turn on the bathwater. The bath spilled over and went all over the floor in the house. The water filled up the whole house, even in the hallways, the kitchen, and the living room. Everything got wet until the water reached their blankets. When the blankets started to get wet, they got looser because Jesse realized that the water would make the blankets not so tight. Finally, when the water got up to their mom and dad's bed and they all got wet, the blankets got looser, and Jesse got out of his blanket first, then Jonah, then Amanda, and then Steve.

When everyone got out of their blankets, they saw there was so much water all over. Jesse said, "Quick to save the day, we need to drain the bathtub." They started swimming through their hallway all the way to the bathroom. When they got to the bathtub, Jesse was the first one to dive underwater and open the drain. The water started to drain out of the house, and Jonah opened the doors, letting the water spill outside. There was so much water that all of the plants got soaking wet.

Everyone was free now, and the house was starting to dry up. Jesse decided he needed to figure out why those blankets got so tight around him. He looked at the wet blankets and saw that there were rubber bands inside of them. The sneaky rubber bands made the blankets squeeze you, just like if you put rubber bands around you. That was the first time Jesse ever saw rubber band blankets. But it was a good thing he figured out about those rubber band blankets because he knew a bad guy might have put them there. Jesse told his parents to throw out all of those rubber band blankets, and they got regular comfy blankets instead. Jesse saved the day for his whole family. Jesse, Jonah, and their family lived happily ever after. The end.