Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. It was nighttime, and so their dad told them a story and tucked them into bed. And outside, Jonah and Jesse could hear that it was raining. Jesse put his head on the pillow, and he turned around and he closed his eyes. And when he closed his eyes, he saw that the blanket was going tighter and tighter around him. He tried to speak, and he said, "Jonah." And Jonah also felt a blanket go really tight against him. They were all wrapped up in the blanket, and it was becoming so tight, just like a burrito. And Jesse and Jonah said, "Help, help." But the more they shouted, the tighter the blanket got. And so Jonah told Jesse they had to stop talking. And Jonah and Jesse didn't know what to do to get the blanket to let go of them.

Finally, Jonah had an idea. Jonah told Jesse that the only way they could get the blanket off of them was not to make noise and shout for help, because that just made the blanket tighter. Jonah told Jesse that they had to roll off of their beds, and when they rolled off of their beds, then they would be with the blankets wrapped around them on the floor. And then Jonah told Jesse they had to slither around the floor just like snakes, and they would have to go outside of their room to their parents' room. But there were two problems. Problem number one, Jonah was on the top bunk bed, and so if he were going to fall, it would be a pretty big fall. Problem number two, Jesse didn't want to fall from the bottom bunk bed because even though it wasn't such a big fall, he didn't want to get a bump.

So Jesse had an idea. Jesse decided he would roll off of his bunk bed slowly, and he rolled off. And then he told Jonah, "Jonah, okay, now you fall on top of me." And Jonah said, "Are you sure?" And Jesse said, "Yes." And Jesse decided he would blow up with his mouth. He would go and blow up air, and that would make Jonah's fall go a little bit more slowly. And so Jesse started to blow some air. And to his surprise, it felt like there was a fan inside his mouth. And he was able to blow so much air out up into the air through his mouth that when Jonah fell down, he fell down slowly, right on top of Jesse. Fell down like this fast. That's right.

And Jonah and Jesse now had another problem. They were both on the floor, but the door to their room was closed, and they could slither to the door, but they didn't know how to get the door to open. So Jesse squiggled and squirmed, and Jonah also tried to slide and slither. And slowly but surely, they made their way to the door. Once they got to the door, Jonah told Jesse that Jesse could try to slither on top of him. And Jesse went on top of Jonah, and he stood up in the blanket, and he didn't have any arms that were free because those were smushed up by the blanket. And so Jesse had to open the doorknob with his mouth, and he turned the doorknob with his mouth. Finally, they got the door to open, and Jesse and Jonah slithered through the hallway with their blankets on until they got to their mom and dad's room.

When they got to their mom and dad's room, they saw that Steve and Amanda were fast asleep in bed. So Jesse said, "Mom." And then suddenly the blanket got tighter around him. So Jonah said, "No, Jesse, don't talk. It'll just make the blanket tighter." And when he said that the blanket got a little tighter around him, Jesse told Jonah that he had an idea. And Jesse slithered up to his mom, and then he licked her forehead, and licking is kind of wet. And that woke Amanda up. When Amanda woke up, the blanket got really tight around her, and so she wasn't able to help. So Jesse slithered and squirmed all the way to his dad's side of the bed, to Steve's side of the bed. And he licked him. And Steve woke up, too. But then his blanket went around him so tight. And so all of the people in the family had the blankets on them so tightly. Jesse didn't know what to do because his mom and dad couldn't even help. And Jonah also didn't know what to do until finally Jesse knew what idea he could have to save the day.

And do you know what Jesse decided? What? Jesse decided to slither to the bathtub and to clog the drain and then to turn on the bathwater. So the bath spilled over outside of the bathtub and went all over the floor in the house. And the water filled up the whole house, even in the hallways, in the kitchen, the living room. Everything got water until the water reached their blankets. And when the blankets started to get wet, well, that's when they got looser, because Jesse realized that the wetness, the water, is what would make the blankets not so tight. So finally, when the water got up to their mom and dad's bed and they all got wet, the blankets got looser, and Jesse got out of his blanket first, and then Jonah, and then Amanda, and then Steve.

And when everyone got out of their blankets, they saw there was so much water all over. And Jesse said, "Quick to save the day, we need to drain the bathtub." And they started swimming through their hallway all the way to the bathroom. And when they got to the bathtub, Jesse was the first one to dive underwater and to open the drain. Finally, the water started to drain out of the house, and Jonah opened the doors in the house, and the water started to spill outside and outside. There was so much water that all of the plants got soaking wet.

Well, everyone was free now, and the house was starting to get dried up. So Jesse decided he would need to figure out why those blankets got so tight around him. And he looked at the wet blankets, the ones that used to be dry, the ones that were wrapped around him so tight just before. And when he looked at the blankets, he saw that there were rubber bands inside of them. And there were so many sneaky rubber bands that when you put the blanket around you, it squeezed you, just like if you put rubber bands around you. And that was the first time Jesse ever saw rubber band blankets. But it was a good thing he figured out about those rubber band blankets, because he knew a bad guy might have put them there. So Jesse told his parents to throw out all of those rubber band blankets, and they got regular comfy blankets instead. And Jesse saved the day for his whole family. And Jesse and Jonah and their family lived happily ever after. The end.