Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Abby. Abby lived in a faraway kingdom where sometimes it got very windy. One day, Abby woke up for breakfast in the palace, and she heard a whistling noise outside the window. She looked outside and saw gusty winds, and suddenly the windows of the castle started to shake, and the roof blew off! Abby was eating her eggs and said, "Mom, Dad, the roof blew off the castle!"

Just as she said that, she saw a unicorn flap its wings on top of the castle and fly inside, right next to the kitchen where Abby was having her eggs. "Oh, is it because the unicorn didn't like the windy weather?" Abby wondered. The unicorn came down and said, "Abby, it's so windy outside, and the roof was open, so I was able to get inside. I wanted to know if I could have some eggs with you."

Abby asked the unicorn how it ate eggs because she didn't know that unicorns ate eggs or that they were even real. The unicorn said it liked to eat a special kind of egg that was green and pink with salt on it. Abby told the unicorn that she needed help putting the roof back on the castle. The unicorn asked Abby and her parents if they wanted a ride. Abby said, "Isn't it too windy outside?" The unicorn replied, "Winter has come, and it's snowy outside. We need to get our winter jackets and fly in the wind to find a place with a castle that has a roof."

Abby asked her parents what to do. They told her to pack a few toys in her little suitcase, and they would all put on big coats and go on the unicorn for a ride. They tied a rope to the unicorn, and the suitcase dangled down from the bottom. The unicorn looked so nice, and every time it blinked, it looked like there was a little bit of lightning in its eyes. When the unicorn wagged its tail, it smelled like cupcakes.

Abby and her parents got on the unicorn, and it flew off, dangling the suitcase attached to a rope. They used a heavy rope to make sure the suitcase didn't snap off. The unicorn took them to a faraway kingdom, where they found Princess Elsa from Frozen. Elsa was next to a troll bridge, and on the other side, there were many mosquitoes. Elsa asked Abby and the unicorn if she could go for a ride with them to get away from the mosquitoes, and Abby said yes.

Elsa took her princess crown and got on top of the unicorn, which had a seatbelt. They all put on their unicorn seatbelts and flew away from the mosquitoes, over an enchanted magical forest with nice trolls that turned into rocks and duckies that could turn into froggies. When the duckies were duckies, they said "ribbit," and when they were froggies, they said, "quack, quack, quack, quack."

Abby and Elsa landed in the enchanted forest next to a pond filled with pink water that looked like frozen ice on top. But when you touched it, it felt more like jello or chocolate pudding. Abby and Elsa started to swim in the lake, and the unicorn waited on the side. Suddenly, Elsa decided to drink some of the pink stuff that tasted like chocolate pudding. She said, "Abby, this is a wonderful enchanted forest, and I just heard a quack quack from a froggy. I'm going to try a bite of this pink chocolate pudding." Elsa tried a bite and said it was yummy. She kept eating and eating until Abby warned her that the lake would run out of pink chocolate pudding if she ate too much.

Princess Elsa looked at Abby and burped. Abby asked, "Are you okay, Princess Elsa?" Elsa replied, "I think I have a tummy ache." Abby held Elsa's hand and helped her get to where the unicorn was. She rubbed Elsa's tummy to make her feel better and asked the unicorn what to do. The unicorn said it would give them a ride to a magic doctor in the Enchanted Forest.

Elsa and Abby got on the unicorn, where Abby's parents were waiting, and the suitcase was dangling down. The unicorn flew to the other side of the pink chocolate pudding lake. When they got there, they found a sheet from a bed and a blanket covering something. Behind it, they heard a voice saying, "I am the doctor of the forest. Can I help with your tummy ache?"

Abby explained that Elsa had eaten too much pink chocolate pudding from the lake and now had a tummy ache. The doctor told them to move the blanket and bedsheet away to see who they were. Abby pushed away the blanket, and they all looked to see who was on the other side of the curtain. To their surprise, they saw a toddler who said, "In this forest, toddlers can be doctors. I have a special medicine to make you feel better."

The toddler doctor had magic berries that, when mixed together and put in a sippy cup, would make Elsa feel better. Elsa and Abby drank some of the magic berry juice from the sippy cup, and Elsa felt better. She thanked Abby for helping her find a doctor.

Abby, Elsa, and Abby's parents flew back home on the unicorn. When they got to the castle, they saw that someone had fixed it, and the roof was now made of ice. Princess Elsa said it was a special gift from her and her sister to fix their castle. Abby was so happy that she now lived in a magic castle with an ice roof. Princess Elsa, Abby, and Abby's parents lived happily ever after. The end.