Welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime rumpus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a listener named Abby. And Abby asked for us to make up a story about Elsa from frozen unicorns and a doctor, and we are going to tell that makeup story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Abby. Abby lived in a faraway kingdom where sometimes it got so windy. One day, Abby woke up for breakfast in the palace, and she heard a whistling noise outside of the window. And the whistling noise went, and she looked outside, and she saw there was such gusty wind, and suddenly the windows of the castle started to shake, and the roof of the castle blew off. And Abby was eating her eggs. And she said, mom, dad, the roof blew off the castle. And just as she said that, she saw a unicorn flap its wings on top of the castle and fly inside the castle, right next to the kitchen where Abby was having her eggs. Oh, is it because the unicorn didn't like the bluffy wind? And the unicorn came down, and it said, abby, it's so windy outside of the castle, and the roof was open, so I was able to get inside. I wanted to know if I could have some eggs with you. And Abby asked the unicorn how it ate eggs, because Abby didn't know that unicorns ate eggs, and I didn't even know that unicorns are alive. And Abby also didn't even know if unicorns were real because she thought they were pretend. Well, the unicorn said it liked to eat a special kind of egg that was green and pink and had salt on it. And Abby told the unicorn that she wanted some help putting the roof back on the castle. And the unicorn asked Abby and her parents if they wanted a ride. And Abby said, isn't it too windy outside? And the unicorn said, winter has come, and it's snowy outside, and I think we need to get our winter jacket and put it on and then fly outside in the wind to seek refuge and to find a place that has a castle with a roof. Abby asked her parents what to do. And Abby's parents told Abby that she could get a couple of toys, pack it up in her little suitcase, and all of them would put on big coats, and they would go on the unicorn for a ride. But how do they carry a suitcase? And the way that they would carry the suitcase was by tying a rope to the unicorn, and the suitcase would be dangling down from the bottom of the unicorn. But it didn't hurt, because this unicorn had wings. The unicorn looked so nice, and every time the unicorn lifted its eyes, it looked like there were clouds over the unicorn's eyes, but it wasn't real clouds. And every time the unicorn blinked, it looked like there was a little bit of lightning in the unicorn's eyes, and when the unicorn wagged its tail, it smelled like cupcakes. But why did it smell like cupcake? Because I thought when a bull wags its tail, it doesn't smell like anything, because it's a magic unicorn. And so Abby and her parents got on the unicorn, and the unicorn flew off, dangling the suitcase, which was attached to a rope. How did they make sure that the suitcase and they used a heavy rope to make sure the suitcase didn't snap off. And Abby and her parents went on the unicorn ride. The unicorn took them to a faraway kingdom, where they found Princess Elsa from Frozen. Elsa was right next to a troll bridge. And on the other side of the troll bridge, there were so many mosquitoes, and Elsa asked Abby and the unicorn if she could go for the unicorn ride with them to get away from the mosquitoes, and Abby said, yes. So Elsa took her princess crown, and she was wearing her princess dress, and she got on top of the unicorn, and this unicorn had a seatbelt. So they all put on their unicorn seatbelts, and they flew away, away from the mosquitoes, over an enchanted magical forest that had little nice trolls that turned into rocks and also duckies that could turn into froggies. And when the duckies were duckies, they said ribbot. And when the duckies were froggies, they said, quack, quack, quack, quack. Well, Abby and Elsa landed in the enchanted forest right next to a pond. And the pond was full of pink water, and it looked like it was frozen like ice on the top. But when you touched it, it felt a little bit more like jello or chocolate pudding. And when you walked into it, it felt kind of like there was jello or chocolate pudding between your tootsies and on your feet. And Abby and Elsa were starting to swim in the lake a little bit, and the unicorn was waiting on the side, when suddenly, Elsa decided to drink some of the pink stuff that was in the lake that tasted like chocolate pudding. And Elsa said, Abby, this is a wonderful enchanted forest, and I just heard a quack quack, and that was from a froggy. And I'm here waiting in this pink chocolate pudding, and I am going to try a bite. And Princess Elsa tried a bite of the pink chocolate pudding that the lake was made out of. And she said, this is so yummy. And Abby said, do you want more? And Elsa said yes. And she kept eating, and she kept eating. And she kept eating so much, Abby, of the pink chocolate pudding that Abby said, careful, Princess Elsa. The lake is going to get lower down, and it's going to run out of the pink chocolate pudding if you eat so much. And Princess Elsa looked at Abby, and she burped. She went and Abby said, are you okay, Princess Elsa? And Princess Elsa said, I think I have a tummy ache. Well, Abby told Princess Elsa that Princess Elsa could hold her hand. And Abby helped Princess Elsa get right to where the unicorn was, and she rubbed Princess Elsa's tummy to make Princess Elsa feel better. And Abby asked the unicorn if the unicorn knew what to do. And the unicorn said that the unicorn would give them a ride to a magic doctor in the Enchanted Forest. And so Elsa and Abby got on the unicorn, where Abby's parents were waiting and where the suitcase was dangling down. And the unicorn flew to the other side of the pink chocolate pudding lake. And when it got to the other side, there was a sheet from a bed and a blanket. And the sheet from the bed and the blanket and the sheet from the bed and the blanket hold on, buddy. Don't touch it. And the sheet from the bed and the blanket were covering up, and there was somebody behind it, and they could hear a voice. And the voice behind it said, I am the doctor of the forest. Is there any way that I can make your tummy ache feel better? And Abby said yes. Yes. Princess Elsa had too much of the pink chocolate pudding, that the lake was filled up, and now she has a tummy ache. And the doctor said, Move the blanket and cover and bedsheet away, and then you can see who I am. And so Abby pushed away the blanket, and the unicorn had some lightning in its eyes, and they all looked to see who was on the other side of the curtain. And do you know who they saw? They saw a toddler. And the toddler said, in this forest, toddlers could be doctors. And I have a special medicine to make you feel better. And Abby and Princess Elsa said, what is it? And the toddler, who is the doctor said, Well, I have some magic magic berries. And if we mix the magic berries together and put it in the sippy cup and you drink a little bit of the sippy cup, then you'll feel better. And Princess Elsa and Abby drank some of the magic berry juice from a sippy cup. And Princess Elsa felt better, and she said thank you to Abby for helping to find her a doctor. And then Princess Abby flew back home on the unicorn with her parents, with Princess Elsa. And when they got to the castle, they saw that someone had fixed it, and the roof was now made out of ice. And Princess Elsa said that it was a special gift that she and her sister had made in order to fix their castle. And Abby was so happy that she now lived in a magic castle with an ice roof. And Princess Elsa and Abby and Abby's parents lived happily ever after. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.