Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Franklin. Franklin and his parents lived in Philadelphia, and sometimes they liked to visit the zoo. Franklin knew all about the different monkeys, elephants, lions, and even the gorilla at the zoo. He also knew that sometimes he would get a special treat, like a hot dog, chocolate, ice cream, or different candies when they went to the zoo. So, Franklin told his parents that he really wanted to go to the zoo to visit his animal friends.

Franklin's dad agreed, and they drove to the zoo. When they arrived, they parked in their usual spot. But when they got out of their car, they noticed something different about the zoo. All of the sidewalks were made of Silly Putty! Franklin said, "I think somebody put Silly Putty all over the sidewalks since we were here last." His dad agreed, and they started to walk on the Silly Putty until they reached the entrance of the zoo.

At the entrance, they saw a zookeeper. The zookeeper told Franklin that because it was a Silly Putty day at the zoo, he could have a magic ticket to see a secret part of the zoo that visitors usually couldn't see. The zookeeper gave Franklin a golden ticket, and Franklin put it in his pocket. Holding his dad's hand, they walked into the zoo.

Inside, they saw a strange-looking, giant turtle. Usually, turtles are small, about the size of a foot or a kitty cat. But this turtle was as big as a whole bed or a car! The turtle had a door in its mouth, and Franklin wondered if the golden ticket would let them go into this special part of the zoo. His dad said, "Maybe." So Franklin pressed the doorbell on the turtle's nose, and the door in the turtle's mouth opened up automatically.

They went inside the giant turtle, which was big enough to fit lots of people. There was a line of kids outside the turtle who wanted to go in, but most of them didn't have magic tickets. Franklin told them that if the zookeeper said it was okay, he would share his magic ticket with the other kids after he was done.

Inside the turtle, Franklin and his dad discovered a secret underground city full of transformers. Some transformers were shaped like cars, but when the traffic light turned red, they turned into bicycles. When the light turned yellow, they turned into kitty cats. And when the light turned green, they turned back into transformers and cars.

There was a special fire truck transformer that could turn into a snow machine. Franklin asked the fire truck transformer to make snow on a hill inside the turtle. The transformer agreed and started to squirt out snow all over the hill. Franklin wanted to go sledding down the snowy hill, but he didn't have a sled. Instead, he used a giant elephant tooth as a sled, with him in front and his dad in the back.

While they were sledding, a boy named Theo approached Franklin. Theo told Franklin that he was an invisible boy, and sometimes people couldn't see him. Theo had a silver magic ticket that could make him invisible. Franklin asked if he could try the silver ticket, and Theo agreed. When Franklin held the silver ticket, he became invisible, and his dad couldn't see him! Franklin's dad could only hear him and feel him when he climbed on his dad's back for a piggyback ride.

Franklin gave the silver ticket back to Theo, and they all had fun playing in the secret underground city inside the turtle. Eventually, Franklin and his dad decided it was time to leave the turtle and let other kids have a turn. They said goodbye to Theo and shared the silver ticket with the other kids. Franklin and his dad went home and lived happily ever after. The end.