Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Franklin. Franklin and his parents lived in Philadelphia, and sometimes they liked to go see the zoo. Franklin knew about all the different monkeys in the zoo, and the elephants and the lions and even the gorilla. And Franklin knew that when he got to the zoo, sometimes he got a special treat or a hot dog or something yummy, like sometimes chocolate or ice cream or different candies. And so Franklin told his parents that he really wanted to go to the zoo to visit his animal friends. And Franklin's dad said, okay. And they drove to the zoo. When they drove to the zoo, they parked in the regular parking spot. But when they got out of their car, they saw that something was different about the zoo. All of the sidewalks in the zoo were made of Silly Putty. And Franklin said, I think somebody put Silly Putty all over the sidewalks since we were here last. And Franklin's dad said, you are right. So they started to walk in the Silly Putty until they got to the entrance of the zoo. When they got to the entrance of the zoo, they saw that there was a zookeeper. Why didn't the car get stuck in Silly? Because the parking lot didn't have Silly Putty. The Silly Putty was only on the sidewalks leading up to the zoo. And when they got to the entrance of the zoo, the zookeeper told Franklin that because it was a Silly Putty day at the zoo, he could have a magic ticket to see the secret part of the zoo that usually visitors couldn't see. And the zookeeper gave Franklin a golden ticket. And Franklin put the golden ticket in his pocket, and he held his dad's hand as they walked into the entrance of the zoo. When they walked into the zoo, they saw that there was a strange looking turtle. Usually turtles are not so big. They're about like the size of a foot or a kitty cat. But turtles are not as big as like a whole bed. And turtles aren't as big as a whole car. But today in the Silly Putty zoo, there was a turtle, or at least it looked like a turtle, but it was such a big thing that looked like a turtle and that had a door that you could go in. And Franklin saw that the door was in the turtle's mouth. Franklin said, dad, is this what the golden ticket gives us, that we could go into the turtle part of the zoo? And Franklin's dad said, maybe. So Franklin pressed the doorbell right on the turtle's mouth, and the doorbell was actually right on top of the turtle's mouth, on the turtle's nosy. And he went ding dong and pressed the turtle's nosy. And just as he did that, the door in the turtle's mouth opened up automatically, and they went inside. It was such a big turtle, so it fit a lot of people. And there was a big line of kids that were outside of the turtle that really wanted to go in. Did they have magic? And most of those kids did not have magic tickets, so they couldn't go into the turtle. But Franklin told them that if they waited their turn after he was done with his magic ticket, if the zookeeper said it was okay, he would share his magic ticket with other kids. Well, Franklin was inside of the turtle with his dad, and he saw that the turtle led to a secret underground city which was full of transformers. In the underground city, which was under the turtle, there were lots of transformers that were walking about, and some of the transformers were shaped like cars. But whenever the traffic light turned red, do you know what happened? What? The transformers turned into bicycles. And then when the traffic light turned yellow, do you know what happened? What? The transformers turned into kitty cats. And when the traffic light turned green, they turned back from kitty cats into transformers and into cars, and they were able to go down the road. There was a special fire truck transformer. And the fire truck transformer, when there was a fire, it turned into a fire truck. But if it was too hot and kids wanted to go sledding, then do you know what the transformer turned into? What? It changed from a fire truck into a snow machine, and it made snow go wherever kids wanted. So Franklin asked the fire truck transformer if he could make so much snow go on the hill, which was right next to the building inside of the turtle. And the fire truck transformer said, whoo, okay. And it started to squirt out snow all over the hill. And after the hill was so snowy, franklin decided to go sledding down the snowy hill. But he didn't have a sled, so instead, he had to use something silly. What he had to use was an extra big elephant tooth. Yeah, an elephant tooth could be so big that you could sit on it, and you can slide down snow in an elephant tooth. It was such a big elephant tooth that Franklin fit in front, and his dad went in back, and they were sliding down the snow, which was on the hill in the Transformer city inside of the turtle that they had the magic ticket to go into inside the zoo. After they slid down after they sledded down the snowy hill inside of Transformer City, a boy came up to Franklin. And the boy said, Hi, Franklin. My name is Theo. Can I go sledding with you? And Franklin said hi. Theo. And Theo told Franklin that he was an invisible boy. Sometimes people couldn't see him, and sometimes people could. How? And Franklin said, how could that even work? And Theo said that his magic ticket wasn't gold. It was the color of silver. And if you have a silver magic ticket, it could make you invisible. And then nobody else could see you. But if you talked, then they could hear you. And Franklin said, Can I try that silver ticket? And Theo? The boy said yes. And Theo gave Franklin the silver ticket. And then Franklin looked at his dad, and his dad said, Where's Franklin? Where did he go? And Franklin said, I'm right here. And his dad said, I hear a boy named Franklin. And I see an elephant tooth, and I see a different boy named Theo, but I do not see Franklin. And Franklin said, dad, I'm really right in front of you. And Franklin's dad said, Franklin, if you're really here, then climb on top of me, and I will give you a piggyback ride. And Franklin said okay. And Franklin climbed on top of his dad. But his dad did not see anyone climb on him. He only felt someone touching him. And Franklin's dad said, Is that you, Franklin? And Franklin said, right into his dad's ear, because he was on his dad for a piggyback ride. Yes, dad, it is me. And Franklin said to his dad, dad, now I'm going to give you the silver ticket. And Franklin gave his dad the silver ticket. And then do you know what happened? His dad turned invisible, and nobody could see him. And it looked like Franklin was going on a piggyback ride on nothing. It looked like he was floating through the air. And so Theo told all of the other kids in the turtle to look. And all of the kids were so impressed, and they were so happy, and everyone started to clap. And then Franklin's dad gave the silver ticket back to the boy named Theo. And when Theo had the silver ticket, he told Franklin that the way to get out of the turtle, if they ever wanted to get out, was there was a secret door at the end of the turtle. And the secret door led to a very big house called a mansion. And if you went into the secret house in the secret door in the secret house, then there was any color ticket you wanted, and kids could get a red ticket. And if kids got a red ticket, then it gave them owl eyes, and they can see across the whole world. And if kids got a blue ticket, then do you know what happened? They could fly. And if kids got a green ticket, then do you know what happened? What? They could turn into a grown up. And if kids got a yellow ticket, then they could go to the sun, and they would not die. They could travel all the way to the sun, and they can take an egg out of the middle of the sun and bring it back home for breakfast to make scrambled eggs. Franklin and a silver ticket was very hard to find. But Franklin found in the secret door of the mansion that there was a treasure box, and he couldn't open it. So he told Theo to guard the treasure box and that he would come back a different day. And Franklin told his dad it was time for them to go out of the turtle so a different kid could have a turn to check out the transformer city inside the turtle. And they went out of the turtle and shared the silver and said, Bye, theo and they shared the silver ticket. And Franklin and his dad went home and lived happily ever after. The end.