Hey, my name is Olivia. Welcome to makeup stories tell y'all your friends Tonight's makeup story is a story about a boy named Jonah and a dream that he had once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Jonah. One day, when Jonah was in his pajamas and he was lying down in bed and he was closing his eyes and he was starting to sleep, he started to have a dream in which his mom was downstairs baking a cake. And in the dream, Jonah got up out of bed and walked downstairs, and he saw that it was really a magical cake that his mom was baking. So he asked his mom if he could have a piece of the magical cake, and his mom said yes. So Jonah's mom cut off a piece of the magical cake, and it was rainbow colored inside. And Jonah started taking bites of the magical cake. The cake didn't taste like regular cake. It didn't taste like food at all. Instead, the cake kind of tasted like water. And it felt really strange because there was no water in the cake. But when you started to bite it, it would just turn into a kind of sugary liquid in your mouth. Well, Jonah knew that once he started to eat that magic cake, he would gain magic powers. And the first magic power that Jonah gained is he was able to make any kind of food he wanted appear. All he would have to do is get some crayons and draw a picture of that kind of food. And then if he drew a picture of, like, a cookie, a cookie would appear. And if he drew a picture of a cupcake, then the cupcake would appear. That was Jonah's first magic power. Jonah's second magic power is that he could make it anybody's birthday whenever he wanted to. So Jonah went to the playground, and he saw there were some kids there, and he asked the kids when their birthdays were going to be. And one of the kids said December 7. And another kid said November 18. And Jonah told them that they could have an extra birthday today. And they said that's not even possible. But Jonah looked at them and he said the magic words, which start like this we Gahumba. And after he said those magic words, both of those kids had an extra birthday, and they got to skip a year and be an extra year older. So one of those kids was five, and instead of turning six, he turned seven years old, and you could see him get bigger right in front of you. And the other kid, who was four years old, skipped five, and they became six right away. And everyone thought it was so funny and so cool. And Jonah told everyone he could even make himself a grown up if he wanted to. And he said those magic words and poof. He started to grow in front of everybody, and his clothes got bigger, and Jonah became a grown up. Well, the magic cake gave Jonah more special powers. When Jonah looked at balls, if he wanted them to move, all he had to do was concentrate real hard and look really hard at the ball that he wanted to move. And then if it were a soccer ball, it would kick itself, or if it were a baseball, it would hit itself. And whatever kind of ball it was, it would go wherever he wanted it to go. But Jonah's powers didn't end there. He also saw that when he looked up at the sky, he could make kind of holes in clouds. Jonah had magic eyes, and the magic eyes, if he looked in a circle around the cloud, then he could turn the cloud into a circle cloud. He could also, if he turned his eyes around very quickly while looking at the sky, he could create like a good kind of tornado that put things in the right place. And Jonah had all sorts of special powers. He saw that he was starting to be able to float a little bit from the ground. And instead of walking on the sidewalk or the grass next to the sidewalk, jonah started to walk on the air. And then Jonah kept walking on the air above the sidewalk. And he saw little kids all around him, and some big kids, too. And whatever those kids were thinking in their heads, jonah already knew, even before they said, well, Jonah was getting so many powers from the magic cake that he ate. And the next power that Jonah got was a really special power. The power that he got was he could turn his head all the way around like an owl, and he could make all of his arms go high up and stretch out as far as they wanted. So he could make his hand go as far as like a tree by extending his arms out. And he got the ability to have really long legs. So if he wanted to reach up to the sky or if he wanted to walk across a lot of cities at one time, he would be able to make his legs really long and then walk so far. Well, Jonah was surprised that a cake that gave you so many magic powers didn't taste like anything. It just tasted like kind of sugary water. A cake usually doesn't taste like water at all. And so he asked his mom what the magic ingredient was. And Jonah's mom said that she was sleeping, too. And as she was sleeping, she had a dream. And the dream was that there were some little leprechauns, and the little leprechauns came into the house and they brought some magic kind of sugar, and they used that magic kind of sugar to start baking this cake. And Jonah's mom said that she woke up to see the cake there. And she was very surprised that Jonah was still in a dream while he was eating the cake. And Jonah decided it was time for him to wake up. So Jonah stepped out of the dream, and he opened his eyes. And after he opened his eyes, he looked up at the ceiling, and he could see that the ceiling was starting to get little blue dots, and the blue dots were turning into clouds and sky on the ceiling. And he saw that the light in his room was starting to turn into a little sun. And he realized that the magical powers that he had were not just in the dream, but now they were there for real life. And so Jonah told his mom that he wanted to go outside, and he wanted to see if he could use his magic powers. Jonah's mom said, okay, but that first he would have to go to school. And Jonah started the first grade the very next day. And all of the kids in Jonah's school wanted to know what his magic powers were. And Jonah kept them a secret from all of the kids in his school. Until one day, when they were out at recess on the playground, jonah showed them some of his magic powers. And all of the kids thought it was so cool, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.