Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two sisters who were named Adley and Carlia. Well, Adley and Carlia lived in a very snowy place, and sometimes they used their sled to go out in the snowy place. Well, their mom sometimes pulled on the sled, and sometimes their dad did. And sometimes they also tried to go on skis. Well, sometimes it was hard for some of them, but we're not going to say who. And they liked sledding so much because they would go in a sled on top of the snow and go wee all the way down to snow. And sometimes after they went sledding outside in the snowy weather for so long, their mama would give them hot cocoa, which is like hot chocolate, and is a very yummy kind of drink, which you can also put milk in. And one day, Adelaide and Carlia were getting ready to go on a special, special sled ride when they looked outside and they saw a snow leopard. A snow leopard is a kind of leopard that is usually pretty white and has a fluffy tail and can live in snowy mountains. Well, it was Adelaide's first time seeing the snow leopard, so she asked Carlia, what is that? And Carlia said, I think that's a big cat. But she wasn't really sure. So their mom said that it's a snow leopard. The snow leopard looks like it was on the hunt, and it was darting on top of some rocks, sliding down some snow and getting a sheep that was in the mountain. And the sheep was running away, but the snow leopard was so fast that it jumped in the air and pounced on top of the sheep. And when it pounced on top of the sheep, the snow leopard gave it a big hug and said, tag, you're it. And Adelaide and Carlia said, usually they thought that snow leopards would eat the animals that they hunted, but in this case, it seemed like the snow leopard. And the sheep were playing a game of tag. When you play tag, you run from each other and one friend could say to another friend, when they touch them, you're it. And sometimes there are bases and in a base, the other person can't get you. Well, Adley and Carlia saw that the sheep went onto a base and the base was an igloo, a house made out of snow and ice. And in the base, the snow leopard wasn't allowed to get it. And there was a trumpet inside the igloo. And the sheep got the trumpet and blew on the trumpet and said and suddenly there were a lot of cheetahs that came and the cheetahs came running from the other side of the mountain to the rescue. And the cheetahs said that it was their turn to try to get the snow leopard. The snow leopard went as fast as it could trying to dart up the mountain again, but cheetahs are the fastest animals. And the cheetahs got the snow leopard before he could get away. And they jumped on the snow leopard and gave him a nice big hug and told the snow leopard that it was the snow leopard's turn to try to get them. The snow leopard tried to get the cheetahs, but they were too fast. Well, as the cheetah not faster than what? Light. Well, cheetahs are so fast, but they're not faster than light. And suddenly, as they were playing in the snow, there was a snowstorm and some lightning went in the sky and there was a big kaboom and it was from thunder and it was so scary. And Adelaide and Carlia told their mom that maybe they shouldn't go sledding right now. And it started to snow, and the clouds were dark, and so much snow came up that Adley and Carlia's mom pulled them in the sled back to their house. While Adley and Carlia were a little bit worried about all the animals, including the sheep, the cheetah and the snow leopard, who were trying to play outside and have a good time, So they told the animals that they could come into their house. And all of the animals started marching in a single fire line down to Adelaide and Carlia's house. And they all came in the front door. And Adelaide and Carlia's dad told the animals that they had to behave. And the snow leopard said, no fair. We want to run around and have so much fun. And Carlia told them that when they're in the house, they're not allowed to make such a big mess. So Adelaide had an idea, which was that she would march all of the animals to the basement of her house and in the basement she would show the secret chamber, which went underground to the ice cream factory. And all of the animals started marching. And when they got to the basement, adelaide and Carlia showed them the secret door in the basement, which looked like a refrigerator door. And when you opened it up, you got into a big, cold, underground, icy cave. And in the icy cave, there was a tiger. And the tiger's name was Tiggy. And Tiggy tiger was a very silly tiger. The tiger was kind of like the pet. Yes, tiggy tiger really nice. Tiggy tiger was a really nice tiger. Didn't they blame him, the other animals there, so they could play with Tiggy tiger? I'm going to say Tiggy tiger was Adelaide and Carlia's pet, and he was the one who was in charge of guarding the secret ice cream factory, so no grownups knew about it. And sometimes when Adelaide and Carlia's mom wasn't looking, they would bring down some special, special food, like pasta and noodles and spaghetti for Tiggy tiger. And Tiggy tiger wore glasses, and he stood up sometimes on two legs, even though he was a tiger. And he would also say, thank you, Adley. Thank you, Carlia. You guys are so nice. Well, all the animals marched like this. Yes. All the animals were so happy that they went on a tour of the underground ice cream factory. In the underground ice cream factory, they saw that there was a big metal machine, and inside the metal machine, there was a mixer. And the mixer mixed around a lot of milk and a lot of sugar, and it turned it into ice cream. And the way it works is tiggy tiger pressed the green ice cream button, and then green ice cream came out. But the cheetahs wanted red ice cream, so they pressed the strawberry red ice cream button, and then strawberry ice cream came out. Well, as they were all enjoying some ice cream, and the snow leopard said he just wanted vanilla ice cream. As they were saying that, adley and Carlia's mama came down from upstairs and she knocked on the refrigerator door and said, adelaide, Carlia, what are you guys doing? And Adelaide said nothing. And Carlia said, it's a secret. You can't come in. And their mom started to come in, and Tiggy tiger told their mom that she needed a ticket to get in. And Adela and Carlia's mom said that she didn't need a ticket to go in because it was her house. And then Tiggy tiger said, okay, but it's a secret. And adelaide. Carlia's. Mama said okay. And she went into the secret ice cream factory. And when she went in and she saw all the animals having such a good time and enjoying ice cream, she told Adlan, Carlia that she was so proud of them for having this ice cream factory. And they decided that they would make a special ice cream machine which could shoot ice cream all the way into the sky, and it would be different colors. So they would shoot red ice cream into the sky. They would shoot red ice cream into the sky and green and blue and yellow and they would make big rainbows full of ice cream that were all the way across the sky. And this way, animals that were on the other side of the mountain and couldn't make it to the special ice cream factory could eat the rainbow ice cream that the factory made go so far. And Adelaide and Carlia that night told the animals that they had to leave because the snowstorm was over and they decided to remain friends with all the animals, including Tiki tigers. And Adelaide and Carlia lived happily ever after. That's the end of the story.