Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old girl whose name was Lila. It was winter, and it was getting cold outside, but Lila was hungry, and she really wanted a popsicle. So Lila went to the store with her mom, and she asked her mom if she could get a popsicle from the store. And Lila's mom said, okay. And Lila looked through where they kept the popsicles, which was a freezer in the store. And Lila opened up the freezer, and she looked at her choices. She saw that there was some ice cream in the freezer. She saw that there were some yummy popsicles in the freezer, and she chose a big, red frozen popsicle that had some sugar in it.

Well, Lila's mom told her that they should wait until they got home to open up the popsicle because it had a wrapper on it. So they drove in their car back to Lila's house. And when Lila got to her house, she said, "Mom, now can we open up the popsicle to see if it's so yummy?" And Lila's mama said, "Okay." And Lila and her mom opened up the popsicle, and they were very surprised to see what was inside. Inside the popsicle wrapper was not just a regular popsicle, but there was a baby dragon. And the baby dragon was frozen and stuck inside of the popsicle.

And Lila said, "Mom, look. I found a baby dragon in our popsicle." And Lila's mama said, "Dragons don't like to be frozen because they breathe fire, and fire is hot. So we're going to have to defrost and melt the popsicle to see if the dragon could come back alive." And Lila said, "Well, how are we going to do that?" And Lila's mom had an idea. She decided that they would put the popsicle on a white plate, and they would put the white plate in front of the heater in Lila's house. And the heater would blow warm air onto the popsicle, and the warm air would make the popsicle melt on the white plate, and out would come the dragon.

Well, Lila did this. Lila put the popsicle on a white plate, and Lila put the white plate on the floor in front of a heater. Pretty soon, the popsicle melted, and out came the baby dragon. The baby dragon was red. And the baby dragon woke up. It was still alive even after all of that freezing. And the baby dragon said, "My name is Diggy the Dragon." And Lila said, "Mom, the dragon is talking for real." And Lila's mom looked. And at first, Lila's mom didn't believe it because she had never seen a talking dragon before, especially one that came from a popsicle stick. But the dragon was red, and it was on the white plate surrounded by the melted popsicle, and Lila said, "Diggy Dragon, where did you come from?" And Diggy the dragon said to Lila, "Lila, I came from inside of a volcano. Not a lot of people know this, but really, when dragons are born, they're born inside the volcanoes. And that's how come dragons are able to breathe fire, because inside volcanoes, there's magma, and magma is so hot, and it's like fire. So the way that dragons are able to breathe fire is they get a little bit of magma in their bellies from the volcano, and then usually when they grow up, they go out of the volcano, and the dragons could fly around, flapping their dragon wings and breathing fire."

Well, Diggy Dragon said that he used to live in a volcano, and in the volcano, there were lots of other dragons, and it was a special volcano where so many dragons lived. And Diggy Dragon said to Lila that the volcano was not so far from Raleigh, North Carolina, and asked Lila if she wanted to go visit. And Lila said, "I don't think that would be safe, because volcanoes could explode, and it's not so safe for kids to go in volcanoes, even for adults." Well, Diggy the Dragon said this volcano wouldn't explode, and he said it was a volcano that hasn't exploded in 100 years. Yeah, in 100 years. And Lila asked her mom if it would be safe, and Lila's mom said, "I guess we could go, but let's bring a car with four-wheel drive and also binoculars so that we could look at the volcano from far away, and we won't have to go in it." And Lila and Diggy Dragon thought that was a good idea, but could Diggy Dragon go in the volcano to get more fire? Yes, but Diggy Dragon was able to go in the volcano to get more fire.

Well, as they started, so Lila's mom put Lila in the car seat, and Lila was in the car seat, and her mom started to drive. And Diggy Dragon was able to sit in the front seat, even though he was a little dragon, because Lila's mom used some dental floss to use as a seatbelt for Diggy Dragon. And so Diggy Dragon didn't go in a car seat. He went in the front seat, and he had a dental floss seatbelt, which is silly. Well, on the car ride, they were going so far to get to the secret volcano where the dragons were born, and on the way, they saw a unicorn. A unicorn? Yes. The unicorn was on the side of the road, not so far away from the volcano, and the unicorn said, "Help. Help." And Lila said, "Mom, I think there's a real unicorn on the side of the road, and I think it's asking us to help." And Lila's mama looked, and at first, she didn't think. At first, Lila's mom thought it was just a horse with a pretend horn on it. But when they looked carefully, they saw that the unicorn was rainbow-colored and had wings and had a real unicorn horn attached to its unicorn head.

So Lila went out of the car with Diggy dragon, and Diggy Dragon hopped on Lila's shoulders because it was just a little dragon. And Lila and her mama and Diggy Dragon went up to the unicorn, and Lila said, "Unicorn. Unicorn. What did you need help with?" And the unicorn said, "My nose is itchy. I need somebody to scratch my nose." And Lila said, "Well, that could be a little bit disgusting, so I don't want to do it." But Diggy Dragon said, "I'll do it. I'll do it." And Diggy Dragon flew to the unicorn's nose, and he scratched it with his little dragon claws very gently. And then the unicorn sneezed. And do you know what unicorns sneeze? Magic. This unicorn sneezed whipped cream. Yep. It sneezed whipped cream all over the ground, and one of a dragon's favorite foods is whipped cream. Dragons really love to eat whipped cream. Yes. So Diggy Dragon jumped right off of Lila's shoulders and started eating up the whipped cream. And the unicorn said, "Thank you for itching my nose." And then the unicorn told Lila that it was afraid of the dark. And Lila told the unicorn that maybe there'll be room in the car for the unicorn if it's able to do magic and become a little unicorn. Well, the unicorn said it needs the help of a princess to do magic. And Lila said, "Well, can you make a princess appear?" And the unicorn said, "I'm not really sure how to do that." And Diggy Dragon said, "Don't worry, because there is really a princess that lives over here behind the trees next to the volcano." And they looked behind the trees, and they saw a princess.

Well, the princess told the unicorn "avra kedavra magica balugad nadabam." And the unicorn got small and was able to go in the car. Well, it was getting dark, and so Lila's mama said they would have to stop before they got to the volcano. And Lila said, "Please, can we just see it?" And so they looked at the volcano from afar using Lila's binoculars, and Diggy the dragon used the binoculars, and the unicorn used the binoculars. And the princess used the binoculars. Yes. The princess came with them. And do you know what they all saw? What? They saw that the unicorn. They saw that the unicorn and Lila and Lila's mama and Diggy dragon and the princess all saw that Diggy Dragon was telling the truth. There really were dragons that lived in that volcano.

Well, Lila's mama said that this was really special and that they would go home and have bedtime and come back a different day. Dragon go in the volcano and Diggy Dragon said he wanted to go home and sleep in Lila's house that night, and they would go back a different day so that Diggy Dragon could fill up with magma. Well, they went back home, and Lila had a good night, and Lila and her mama and Diggy Dragon and the unicorn and princess lived happily ever after. The end.