Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Arodna. Arodna's dad was a firefighter, and Arodna's mom was a firefighter too. Arodna and her family lived in the fire station, which was a very fun place to be. Arodna was in charge of the whole fire station, so when the other firefighters came in and out, they had to listen to her. If she told them to clean something up or get some toys, they had to do it because she lived in the fire station.

One day, there was a crackling sound on the radio. "There's a big emergency! A fire is burning on a tree, and it's going all the way up in circles to the sky!" Arodna told all the firefighters to take their fire trucks and rush to the tree with the fire. The fire was going so high up, and all of the sirens in the fire station went off. Arodna went in a fire truck with her mom and dad, and they turned the siren on. The fire truck went woo-woo-woo all the way past the streets near the fire station and around some corners.

Fire trucks can go faster than the speed limit when there's a fire. When the fire truck went into an intersection where cars crossed the streets, it honked its horn to avoid a crash. Soon enough, Arodna and her family arrived at the fire. She told all the firefighters that this fire wasn't a regular fire because it was pink and had sprinkles in it. The fire wasn't hot at all; it was really, really cold. It was like a fire inside an ice cube, and it was burning in the tree and going all the way up to the sky.

Arodna said it was a big emergency because if the fire got high enough, it would go through the clouds, through outer space, past the moon, and touch the sun. If the cold pink fire touched the sun, it might melt the sun and make it cold and pink. That wouldn't be good because if the sun stopped being hot, the earth would stop being hot too, since the earth gets its energy from the sun.

Arodna and her family were worried about the pink, cold fire going up to the sky. Arodna decided they needed to spray water so high that the pink, icy fire would stop going up to space and not reach the sun. But the fire truck's ladder couldn't get that high, and the hose couldn't squirt that high either.

So Arodna thought they needed the biggest water gun in the world, as big as a cannon. They attached it to the fire truck and started squirting it high up. But when they squirted the water on the pink fire, sprinkles came out, and the fire didn't go out. That's when a flying cat came by, and Arodna called it down. The cat landed on the fire truck and told Arodna that they needed fish that could jump high enough to jump into the middle of the icy fire. If a fish did that, the ice cubes would turn into water, and the water would put out the fire.

Arodna told the cat to find the fish that could jump high. The cat flew to the ocean and found the viper wing fish, which could jump almost as high as a bird could fly. Arodna told the kitty to get the special fish. The fish jumped to the top of the pink fire and went in the middle. The ice turned into water, and the fire stopped climbing up the sky. They saved the day! The pink fire went away, the tree's flowers grew back, and all that was left was a lot of sand near the tree.

Arodna found that when she used a shovel from the fire truck to dig in the magic sand, it turned into gummy bears. Arodna and the other firefighters turned all the sand into gummy bears. Arodna asked her parents about the fish that jumped into the fire, and they didn't know what happened to it. But the flying cat told Arodna that the viper fish was so fast, it jumped out of the fire and back into the ocean in a flash.

Arodna saw that there were so many gummy bears, and she let all the kids who were gathered around have some. Arodna and her family lived happily ever after. The end.