Welcome to makeup stories. My name is AraDNA. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi. My name is AraDNA. I'm four years old. I'm from India, but I live in Philippines. It's almost my birthday. I would like a story about a cat which can fly and a fish which can jump so high, and a magic shovel. When you dig the sand, it will turn into gummy bears. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named AraDNA who lives in the Philippines and who is four years old. AraDNA asked for us to make up a story about a cat that can fly, a fish that can jump so high, and a magic shovel that turns the sand that you dig into gummy bears. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Arodna. Arodna's dad was a fireman, and Arodna's mom was a fire woman. And AraDNA and her family got to live in the fire station. The fire station was a very fun place to live. Yeah, bud. What was awadna? AraDNA was in charge of the whole fire station. And so it was Aradna's job to make sure that when the other firemen and firewoman came in and out that if she said that they had to do something like, for example, if she said they have to clean something up or get some toys. All the other firemen and firewoman had to listen to Arodna since she was the one who lived in the fire station. Yeah, bud. How about what happens if there's a fire that can get to be as big as a skyscraper? Does a Rodney station go to it? Well, AraDNA was in charge of the station, and her dad was a fireman and her mom was a firewoman. And one day there was something over the radio that went, crackle, crackle, crackle. There's a big emergency. There's a fire that is going and starting on a tree, and it's going all the way up in circles to the sky. And Arandna told all the firemen and firewoman that they had to take all the fire trucks they had and to the rush to the tree that had a fire burning on it. And the fire was going so high up, and all of the sirens in the fire station went off. And Arodna went in a fire truck with her mom and her dad, and arodna and her parents turned the siren on, and the fire truck went woo woo, woo all the way past the streets near the fire station around some corners. Yebud. Did they go faster than the speed limit? So fire trucks are allowed to go faster than the speed limit when they need to if there's a fire. And the fire truck did when it was going into an intersection where cars crossed the streets in different ways, the fire truck would honk its horn not to get into a crash. And soon enough Arodna got to the fire and right when she got there, she told all the firemen and firewomen that the fire wasn't a regular fire. You can see that because it was pink and the fire had some sprinkles in it. And the fire wasn't hot at all. It was really, really cold fire. It was like imagine if inside of an ice cube there was a fire. That's how cold the fire that was pink and that was burning in the tree and going all the way up to the sky was arodna told everyone it was a big emergency because if the fire got high enough, then the fire would go all the way through the clouds, through outer space, past the moon, and it would touch the sun. And if the cold pink fire touched the sun, then it might melt the sun and make the sun's fire cold and turn the sun pink. And that wouldn't be good if that happened, because if the sun stopped being so hot, then the earth would stop being hot too, because the earth gets its energy from the sun. Yebud, and that's almost impossible to fix, because the only way to fix that is to make so much carbon dioxide going to the al. That would just make it smoky, but it would solve the problem too. That's a good idea. AraDNA and her family were so worried about the pink fire that was cold and was going up to the sky. Yeah, bud, maybe first thing is to spray water and then cut it down so it's on Earth. And Arodna decided that the first thing that they needed to do is to spray water so high that the pink, icy kind of fire stopped going up to space so that it wouldn't go all the way to the sun and make the sun cold, because that wouldn't be an easy problem to fix. But there was no way the fire truck's ladder could get that high, and there was no way the hose in the fire truck could squirt that high. So AraDNA decided that they needed to get yebbud, I think they need a gun that's about as big as a house and can squeeze so much water that boom as high as walkets can go. And so Radna and her parents, they tried to get the biggest water gun in the world and it was as big as a cannon. And this water gun was so big, it was bigger than real guns. And they attached it to the fire truck and they started to squirt it so high. But when they squirted the water on the pink fire, all that would happen is sprinkles would come out of the fire and the fire wouldn't go out. And that's when there was a cat that was flying by and the cat kept flying around the pink icy kind of fire. And Arodna saw the cat and she told the cat to come down and she said, Meow, meow. And the cat listened to Arodna and flew down with its flappy cat wings and it landed right on the fire truck. And the cat told AraDNA that the only way they could try to put out that fire is if they had fish that could jump so high that the fish could jump to the top of the fire and jump in middle. Because if a fish jumps into the middle of the icy fire, then what will happen is the ice cubes will turn into water and the water from the inside of the fire will put out the fire and then it won't go all the way up. So Arodna told the cat it should get the fish that can jump so high. And the cat went flying around and it went to the ocean. And the cat finally saw the fish that could jump the highest in the world. And the fish that could jump the highest in the world is a kind of fish that could jump almost as high as a bird could fly. It's called the viper wing fish. And the viper wing fish, the way it works is it swims with its wings and when it's ready to rock it out of the ocean, it goes viper wing fast and it flies all the way up to the sky. And AraDNA told the kitty to get the special fish. And the fish jumped to the top of the pink fire and went in the middle. And the ice turned into water and the fire stopped climbing up the sky and they saved the day. The pink fire went away from the tree that was burning and the tree's flowers grew back after the fire went away. And all that was left outside, there was nothing that was burned, there was no smoke, but there was a lot of sand that suddenly appeared near the palm tree that was burning. And the sand that appeared looked like maybe it was from pieces of the fire that turned into sand or something. And Arodna saw that if she used some of the shovels that were in the fire truck, that whenever she shoveled in that kind of magic sand that came from the pink icy fire, the shovel would make the sand turn into gummy bears. And so Arodna started to dig around and all of the other firemen and firewomen started to dig around as well. And they turned all of the sand that was around the burning tree, they turned all of it into gummy bears. Yeah, bud, but what happened if that pink fire started again? Maybe those fish died from it. And AraDNA asked her parents, guys, what about the fish who jumped into the fire? Did it die or something? And Aradna's parents said they didn't know. But the cat that can fly told Arodna that the viper fish is so fast, after it jumped into the fire, you couldn't even see because it was Going Viper Wing Fast. It jumped out of the fire and back into the ocean, lickety split. Lightning Speed. Yeah, Bud. You can't even see it going up. It was faster. It was like 30 times as fast as a walk. It if you used lightning eyes. You know how sometimes kids could put their hands around their eyes to see better and make it look like binoculars? I think if a kid did that and they looked really hard through their fingers and they said lightning speed as they looked, then they could see the Viper fish fly back. So kids could try that at home. Yeah, Bud. But the Viper fish. If they were too slow, would the egg get caught by the Bion? Die. If it was too slow, it would. But it was really fast. In any event, Arodna saw that there were so many Gummy Bears, and she let all of the kids who were gathered around have some Gummy Bears. And Arodna and her family lived happily ever after. The End.