Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was David. And David was walking on the street with his mom when suddenly he heard a siren. And the siren went, woo, woo, woo, woo. And David's mom said, "Is that a fire truck?" And David looked and he didn't see a fire truck. And David said, "I think it's an ambulance." And then he listened to the woo woo a little bit more, and he realized that ambulances go. But this one went, woo, woo, woo. And so David said, "It's a police car." And just as he said that, he saw a police car come down the street and next to the sidewalk where David was with his mom. And the policeman got out of the car, and he said, "David, David, we need some help from you and your mom. Do you think you can come into the police car and help us save the day?" And David said, "Well, what happened?" And the policeman said, "There's a frog that is stuck in a net in the middle of the lake, and we need a kid to help us because kids could be very good at catching frogs and saving them." David asked his mama if it was okay for them to go, and his mom said, "Okay." So David went in the back of the police car with his mama, and they put on their seatbelts, and they went with the police car as the police siren went woo, woo, woo all the way to the big lake. 

When they got to the big lake, they saw that there was a police boat. The police boat was so big, and the police boat had room for David and room for David's mom. And the police boat had sirens on it, room for a kitty. And the police boat had a special room for a kitty cat to go for a ride also. And David looked at the policeman's gun because the policeman had a gun. And he said, "Why is your gun green?" And the policeman said, "Because I have a water gun." And David said, "Is that because you're a policeman who goes on a police boat, so you need water for the lake sometimes?" And the policeman said, "Yes." Well, this was a silly policeman. He was wearing a policeman hat. He had a special police car and the police boat and David and his car couldn't float, but it could fit on the boat. There was a special secret compartment on the boat where the policeman's car could go. Well, the policeman and David and his mama went on the boat. And when they went on the boat, the policeman turned on the motor, and the boat started to vroom through the lake. As they were going through the lake, they saw that there were some Ninja Turtles. And the Ninja Turtles looked like regular turtles, but they were a little bit greener than even regular Turtles. And they had arms and legs, and they wore bandanas, which it's like a kind of cloth you could put on your face around their eyes. And these Ninja Turtles were able to do Ninja jumps, and they were even able to jump out of the water, which regular Turtles cannot do. And the Ninja Turtles came up to the police boat, and they said, "We heard there's an emergency." And the police officer said, "Yes, there is an emergency." And David said, "There's a frog that's stuck in a net, and we need to save the frog." And the Ninja Turtles said, "Ninja Turtles to the rescue." And the Ninja Turtles followed the police boat, and one of them said that his turtle shell was too dry and asked the police officer if he could spray his shell with the police officer's water gun. And the police officer said, "Okay." And he sprayed it with his spritzy water gun. And it was a lot of fun because this policeman didn't have a dangerous gun. It was just a fun water gun. And the ninja turtle said, "Hip, hip, hooray." And now his shell was all wet, so he kept swimming in the water. 

As they got closer and closer, they realized it was a bigger emergency. The reason it was such a big emergency is that the net which the frog was stuck in was such a big net. It wasn't like a butterfly net, and it wasn't like a regular net. It was such a big net. It was as big as a boat. And it wasn't someone that was trying to catch a fish with a big net and then that big net, and then it got stuck on the frog. And they realized there was an even bigger problem. It wasn't a fisherman's net. It was an alligator. There was an alligator who learned how to make nets, and the alligator was trapping all of the frogs. So they definitely needed the Ninja Turtles to help, and they definitely needed the policeman and the policeman's water gun. Well, the policeman zoomed his boat all the way up to the alligator and to the alligator's net where the frogs were stuck. And the alligator said, "You'll never be able to get my net because I know how to make nets just like a spider can make a web." And David asked his mom, "Mom, is it really true that alligators can make webs like spiders could make webs? Because I didn't know that." And David's mama said she thought this might be a magical alligator. And the Ninja Turtles went up to the alligator and said, "You have to stop trapping those nice froggies with your alligator net." And the alligator said to the Ninja Turtles, "No. I'm not good at listening." And suddenly, just as the alligator said that, he said, "I'll chomp you down to the Ninja Turtles." Really, the alligator couldn't chomp a Ninja Turtle and bite him because Ninja Turtles have such hard shells. So the Ninja Turtles weren't so worried, but luckily, they heard something in the background and in the sky. They heard a no Batman. And there was a Batman who was wearing a cape and had a mask on his face, and he had a special costume that had a picture of a bat. And Batman was able to fly using his cape. And the Batman flew right next to the police boat and right next to the Ninja Turtles and said, "David, do you need some help from a superhero?" And David said that he did because the alligator wasn't listening. So Batman had an idea. Batman flew down to the alligator and said, "Alligator, I am going to give you a timeout in an alligator room. If you do not let go of all the froggies, you trapped." And the alligator looked at Batman and said, "Challenge." And Batman said, "Charge." And Batman and the alligator challenged and charged. And Batman caught the alligator using his superhero hands, and he picked up the alligator all the way high up into the sky and said, "Mr. Alligator, you have to listen." And the alligator said that he was sorry, and he made a mistake. And really, he was just trapping the frogs because he wanted to teach the frogs to be his pets, because the alligator really just liked to catch frogs for pets. And Batman said, "If he wants a frog as a pet, he needs to go to a pet store because you're not allowed to just catch them in a net, and then they can't do anything." And the alligator said he made a mistake, and he'll be a good alligator from then on there. And the alligator said, "I'm also getting kind of dry." And the policeman said that David could shoot the alligator with his policeman water gun to get the alligator wet and to show the alligator that they weren't mad at it anymore. And so David got to spritz the alligator with some water. And Batman and the Ninja turtles said yay. Yay. Yay. And the froggies jumped on the police boat, and David and the policeman and David's mama went with Batman and the Ninja Turtles all the way back to the shore, and they saved the froggies. And the froggies were so happy, and the alligator decided to become a good alligator, and everyone lived happily ever after. The end.