Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Ezra. Whenever Ezra took a bath, he played with lots of fun bath toys, including a boat. Everyone thought it was just a regular boat that Ezra brought into his bathtub. But one day, Ezra asked his dad and mom to put some bubbles in the bath. Ezra helped his mom pour the bubbles into the bath, and he saw that they weren't regular bubbles. The bubbles going in the bath were blue! As the blue bubbles went in the bath, Ezra saw that his toy boat started to get bigger. It kept getting bigger and bigger until Ezra said, "Mom, Dad, we need to get out of the bath because the boat is getting so big!" Ezra's mom and dad agreed, and they went out of the bath. Ezra got dressed in his pajamas.

When they went back downstairs, they saw that the boat had gotten so big, it was as big as the bathroom! They needed to take it out, but there were bubbles everywhere. Ezra had an idea. He thought that if they popped some of the bubbles, maybe the toy boat would get smaller, because the bubbles were what made it big in the first place. So he said, "Mom, Dad, open the bathroom door." They opened the bathroom door and saw bubbles all over. Then Ezra said, "Mom, Dad, do what I'm doing." He started popping the bubbles in the bathroom with his finger. Ezra's mom and dad popped some bubbles too. As they popped the bubble bath, which was all over the bathroom, the boat started getting smaller again until it finally fit out of Ezra's room. Ezra told his dad and mom to carry it upstairs and out the front door.

Now that it fit, Ezra told his parents that he had an idea. They should bring the boat all the way to the Atlantic Ocean. When they got to the ocean, Ezra told his parents that they needed to put bubble bath in the toy boat, and then it would get big, and they could go on a big boat, which used to be a toy boat, in the ocean. Ezra's dad and mom said, "That is a really good idea. We need to put some bubbles to make the ocean bubbly." So they towed the boat with their car, and Ezra went in the car seat. Ezra's mom and dad drove the big toy boat, which was from Ezra's bathtub, all the way to the ocean.

When they got to the ocean, Ezra poured some bubble bath on the boat, and he realized that the boat used bubbles as its fuel. It helped make it go. The boat started to get bigger and bigger and bigger. A monkey captain appeared on top of the boat. The monkey captain wore a captain's hat, a suit, and big pink boots. The monkey captain decided where the toy boat sailed. Ezra told his parents, "Well, really, it's my boat, so I want to tell the monkey captain where to go." Ezra's dad talked with the monkey captain, and he said, "Really? This was Ezra's toy boat. It just got bigger because of the bubbles. So we still think Ezra should decide where to go." The monkey captain agreed.

They started sailing through the Atlantic Ocean. The boat made big bubbles, and it was called the bubble boat. The bubble boat was such a fun boat to ride on, and all the passengers and other ships in the ocean started to travel to see Ezra's famous bubble boat. The bubble boat had a digger under it. Ezra, the monkey captain, and his parents decided they would go to the North Pole and dig under an iceberg. An iceberg is like a big giant piece of ice that's as big as a mountain and sticks out of the water, but the bottom of the iceberg is the part of the ice cube that's under the water, and you can't see it.

Ezra had a special idea. He decided to tell the captain of the bubble boat to use bubble jet power. The monkey agreed, and the boat started to bubble out. The bubbles were going, and it was the fastest bubble boat ever until it got to the North Pole. Ezra saw a big iceberg sticking out of the ocean, and it looked like it was full of snow. Ezra got the digger on his boat ready. When they got all the way up to the iceberg, they dug inside the iceberg. Ezra dug all the way inside the iceberg using his boat, which had a digger attached to it. When they dug to the inside of the iceberg, you won't believe what they found. They found a dragon!

Dragons are actually born inside icebergs. Dragons are special because they are born in the middle of ice. When the dragon came out of the ice, it was amazing because it breathed green fire. Ezra told his mom that it was a very special dragon and that it was only because of his bubble boat digger that they found it. The dragon said that he was ready to come out of the iceberg, and the dragon breathed some ketchup fire. Ezra said, "I didn't know dragons breathe ketchup fire." The dragon told Ezra, "Only when dragons are babies, a baby dragon, right after it's born in an iceberg, that's when they can breathe ketchup. But as the baby dragon gets bigger and bigger, like a grown-up dragon, it breathes real fire."

The dragon was a baby dragon. It was just born because that's where dragons are born, in icebergs. If dragons weren't born in icebergs, they would be too hot right away. Dragons have to be born in a cold place so that they don't get too hot before they hatch and become babies. That's why dragons are born in icebergs. The dragon said that his name was Ready the Dragon, and he wanted to go for a ride on the bubble boat. Ezra told Ready the Dragon that he could go on a ride in the bubble boat.

Ready the Dragon went for a ride as they went all the way around the iceberg, and they looked at different penguins. Then Ezra's mom said, "It's time for us to go home because it's getting late." So Ezra said goodbye to all of his friends, including the baby dragon and the penguins. Ezra and his family took the bubble boat all the way back home, and they lived happily ever after. The end.