Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Ezra. Whenever Ezra would take a bath, he would have a lot of fun bath toys, including a boat. And everyone thought that it was just a regular boat that Ezra brought into his bathtub. But one day, Ezra asked his dad and mom to put some bubbles in the bath. And Ezra helped his mom pour some of the bubbles into the bath. And Ezra saw that it wasn't regular bubble bath. The bubbles that were going in the bath were blue. And as the blue bubbles went in the bath, Ezra saw that his toy boat was starting to get bigger. And it kept getting bigger and bigger until Ezra said, "Mom, Dad, we need to go out of the bath because the boat is getting so big." And Ezra's mom and dad said, "You're right." And they went out of the bath, and Ezra got dressed with his pajamas.

And when they went back downstairs, they saw that the boat got so big, it was as big as the bathroom. They needed to take it out. And there were bubbles all over. Ezra had an idea. Ezra's idea was if they first pop some of the bubbles, then maybe that would make the toy boat smaller, because the bubbles were what made it big in the first place. So he said, "Mom, Dad, open the bathroom door." And they opened the bathroom door, and they saw there were bubbles all over. And then Ezra said, "Mom, Dad, do what I'm doing." And he started popping the bubbles in the bathroom with his finger. And Ezra's mom popped some bubbles, and Ezra's dad popped some bubbles. And as they popped the bubble bath, which was all over the bathroom, the boat started getting smaller again until finally it could fit out of Ezra's room. And Ezra told his dad and mom to carry it upstairs and out the front door.

Now that it fit, Ezra told his parents that he had an idea. They should bring the boat all the way to the Atlantic Ocean. And when they get to the ocean, Ezra told his parents that they needed to put bubble bath in the toy boat, and then it would get big, and they could go on a big boat, which used to be a toy boat in the ocean. Ezra's dad and mom said, "That is a really good idea. They need to put some bubbles to make the ocean bubbly." So they towed the boat with their car, and Ezra went in the car seat. And Ezra's mom and dad drove the big toy boat, which was from Ezra's bathtub, all the way to the ocean.

When they got to the ocean, Ezra poured some bubble bath on the boat, and he realized that the boat used bubbles as kind of like its gas, its fuel. It helped make it go. And the boat started to be bigger and bigger and bigger. And there was a monkey captain who appeared on top of the boat. And the monkey captain was wearing a captain's hat, and he was wearing a suit, and he had big pink boots. And the monkey captain would decide where the toy boat sailed. Ezra told his parents, "Well, really, it's my boat, so I want to be able to tell the monkey captain where to go." And Ezra's dad spoke with the monkey captain, and Ezra's dad said, "Really? This was Ezra's toy boat. It just got bigger because of the bubbles. So we still think Ezra should decide where to go." And then the monkey captain said, "Okay."

And they started sailing through the Atlantic Ocean. And whenever it would go, there would be big bubbles, and it would be called the bubble boat. The bubble boat was such a fun boat to ride on, and all of the passengers and all of the other ships in the ocean started to travel to see Ezra's famous bubble boat. The bubble boat had a digger under it. And Ezra and the monkey captain and his parents, they decided they would go to the North Pole and dig under an iceberg. An iceberg is like a big giant piece of ice that's as big as a mountain and can stick out of the water, but the bottom of the iceberg is the part of the ice cube that's under the water, and that you can't see.

Ezra had a special idea. He decided to tell the captain of the bubble boat to use bubble jet power. And the monkey said, "Okay." And it started to bubble out, and the bubbles were going. And it was going so fast through the ocean, the fastest bubble boat ever until it got to the North Pole. And Ezra saw a big iceberg sticking out of the ocean, and it looked like it was full of snow. And Ezra started to get the digger on his boat ready. And when they got all the way up to the iceberg, they got to dig inside the iceberg. And Ezra dug all the way inside the iceberg using his boat, which had a digger attached to it. And when they dug to the inside of the iceberg, you will not believe what they found. They found a dragon.

And dragons are actually born inside of icebergs. And dragons are really special because they are born in the middle of ice. And when the dragon came out of the piece of ice, it was so amazing because it would breathe fire, but the fire that it would breathe was green fire. And Ezra told his mom that it was a very special dragon and that it was only because of his bubble boat digger that they were able to find it. The dragon said that he was ready to come out of the iceberg, and the dragon breathed some ketchup fire. And Ezra said, "I didn't know dragons breathe ketchup fire." And the dragon told Ezra, "Only when dragons are babies, a baby dragon, right after it's born in an iceberg, that's when they could breathe ketchup. But as the baby dragon gets bigger and bigger, then like a grown-up dragon breathes real fire."

And not just ketchup, but the dragon. That was a baby dragon. It was a baby dragon. It was just born because that's where dragons are born in icebergs. Because if dragons weren't born in icebergs, then they would be too hot right away. Dragons have to be born in a really cold place so that they don't get too hot before they hatch and are babies. So that's why dragons are born in icebergs. But the dragon said that his name was Ready the Dragon and that he wanted to go for a ride on the bubble boat. And so Ezra told Ready the Dragon that it could go on a ride in the bubble boat.

And Ready the Dragon went for a ride as they went all the way around the iceberg, and they looked at different penguins. And then Ezra's mom said, "It's time for us to go home because it's getting late." So Ezra said goodbye to all of his friends, including the baby dragon and the penguins, and Ezra and his family took the bubble boat all the way back home, and they lived happily ever after. The end.