Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a three-year-old girl whose name was Leia. Leia was about to have a birthday party. For decorations for her birthday party, Leia's mom got her some balloons to go in her house. Leia asked for red balloons that were very good at floating, and her mom said, okay. Some of the balloons went right up to the ceiling in her house, and some of the balloons, she got to pop around a little bit and bounce around with her brother Noah. 

One of the balloons was red, but it was a little twinkly, and it looked very special. It also had a little bit of glitter. It was a red glitter balloon. The balloon was outside, so Leia and her brother Noah went outside to look at the glittery red balloon. Leia and Noah decided to untie it because it was tied to a branch. Noah helped Leia untie the balloon, and they held onto it. As they held onto the balloon, the glitter started to shine, and it started to twinkle, and the balloon started to become sparkly. The balloon got bigger and bigger, and as Leia and Noah were holding onto the balloon, it started carrying them up in the air for a special balloon ride. 

Leia had never been on a balloon ride before, and Noah told Leia that they needed to be careful and hold onto the string really tight because they were going up, up in the sky all the way to the clouds. Soon, they got on the red glittery balloon all the way up to the clouds. When they got up to the clouds, the balloon didn't pop, but they saw there was a giant. The giant lived in the clouds, and he was so big that he was bigger than an airplane. Sometimes when Leia and Noah were on the balloon holding onto the balloon string, they saw a plane pass by, and the airplane was going through the sky. 

Noah said, "Airplane, airplane, come help us because we don't want the balloon to pop, and then we'll fall down." Just as Noah said that, the red glittery balloon popped, and Leia and Noah started to fall down. The giant who lived in the clouds put out his hand, and he caught Leia and Noah in his big giant hand. They were only as big as a door for the giant, and the giant was so big that Leia and Noah were only as big as the giant's fingers. 

So Leia and Noah were standing up in the giant's hand, and they were saying, "Giant, giant, we're here in your hand." The giant picked up Leia and Noah in his hand, and he brought up his hand all the way up to his giant nose. Leia and Noah were saying, "Giant. Giant. We're here." The giant smelled them and said, "It smells like children." Leia said, "Yeah, it's about to be my birthday." Noah said, "Giant, we need you to carry us back down because we flew up here on a red, twinkly, glittery, sparkly balloon. The balloon popped, and now we're stuck."

The giant said that giants are not allowed to go down to the ground because they can only live in the clouds. If giants went all the way down on the streets, then they might stomp on cars. This was a friendly giant, and he didn't want to stomp on cars and stuff. Noah asked the giant how they could get back down, and the giant said that he had a friend who was a robot, and he was going to ask the robot, which also lived in the clouds, what to do. The giant started walking around the clouds until he found a shiny silver robot. 

Now, a lot of robots don't like when people see them because they like to be secret, and even grown-ups don't know that there could be so many robots that can talk. But they found a shiny silver robot, and the robot was about as big as a fire truck. The robot said, "I am a robot. How can I help you?" The giant said, "Look, in my hand. I'm holding two nice kids. One is Leia, and it's about to be her birthday. The other is Noah. They need a way of getting back down to Manitoba, Canada, where they live." 

The robot said, "Well, I have an idea." The giant asked, "What's your idea?" The robot said, "If you press a button on my belly button, then I have a magic thing that could come out, and you could use the magic thing to rescue you." Noah said, "Leia, since it's your birthday, maybe you could press on the robot's belly button." Leia pressed the green button, which was on the robot's belly button. A magic sweater came out. The giant said that Leia could put it on, so Noah helped Leia put on her magic sweater. Then another magic sweater came on, and Noah put it on. Both of the magic sweaters had capes in the back.

The robot said, "With these magic sweaters, you can fly." Leia and Noah looked at each other. They weren't sure that the magic sweaters would really work because they had never flown before. But if the robot was right, then they were about to turn into kid superheroes. Leia and Noah thought that would be so cool. They told the Friendly Giant, "How about we try to fly a little bit using the magic sweater with the cape? If it works, then okay, but if the magic sweater with the cape does not work, and if we fall down from the clouds, you're in charge of catching us." The giant agreed.

Leia and Noah held hands so that they could fly together. They jumped off the giant's hand and started to fly. They were able to fly through the clouds. Sometimes, if you're so high up in the clouds, it can be very windy. But with the magic sweater, they stayed warm, and they were able to fly through the clouds and go all the way above Manitoba, Canada. They were able to see the supermarket, where they got groceries and food. They could even see the roof of their house. They could see where the water was, and they could see where the trees were. Leia and Noah were flying in the sky using their magic cape. 

Leia said, "Let's say bye-bye to the giant and to the robot first." They flew back up and said bye-bye to the giant and to the robot, and they used their magic capes to fly all the way to their house. When they got to their house, they landed right next to the front door. Their mom opened the door and said, "Leia, Noah, what happened to the red glittery balloon?" Leia said, "Mom, you're not going to believe us. What happened was the balloon took us up to the clouds, and we saw a giant, and we saw a robot. But you have to believe us because look at our magic cape." 

Leia and Noah's mom said, "That is a special magic cape. So now I believe you. Happy birthday, Leia." The end.