Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime womb is hi, my name is Zaya, and I have a seven year old brother. That's name is Noah. And I want a story. How old are you? Three. But you're gonna be I'm gonna be 4 November 1. And I want a story about a robot and a red balloon and this sweater that can fly by itself. Bye bye. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a three year old girl whose name is Leia and who's about to turn four in just a few days. And Leia has an older brother whose name is Noah. Noah is seven years old, and Leia and Noah live in Manitoba, Canada. Leia and Noah asked for us to make up a story that includes a robot, a red balloon, and a magic sweater. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a three year old girl whose name was Leia. Leia was about to have a birthday party. And for decorations for her birthday party, leia's mama got her some balloons to go in her house. Leia asked for red balloons that were very good at floating, and her mom said, okay. Well, some of the balloons went right up to the ceiling in her house. And some of the balloons, she got to pop around a little bit and bounce around with her brother Noah. One of the balloons was red, but it was a little twinkly, and it looked very special. It also had a little bit of glitter. It was a red glitter balloon. The balloon was outside. So Leia and her brother Noah went outside to look at the glittery red balloon. And Leia and Noah decided to untie it because it was tied to a branch. And Noah helped Leia untie the balloon, and they held onto it. And as they held onto the balloon, the glitter started to shine, and it started to twinkle, and the balloon started to become sparkly. The balloon got bigger and bigger, and as Leia and Noah were holding onto the balloon, it started carrying them up in the air for a special balloon ride. Leia had never been on a balloon ride before, and Noah told Leia that Leia and Noah needed to be so careful and hold onto the string really tight because they were going up, up in the sky all the way to the clouds. Well, soon they got on the red glittery balloon all the way up to the clouds. When they got up to the clouds when they got up to the clouds, the balloon didn't pop, but they saw there was a giant. And the giant lived in the clouds. And the giant was so big that he was bigger than an airplane. And sometimes when Leia and Noah were on the balloon holding up onto the balloon string, they saw a plane pass by, and the airplane was going through the sky. And Noah said, airplane, airplane, come help us because we don't want the balloon to pop, and then we'll fall down. And just as Noah said that, the red glittery balloon popped. And Leia and Noah started to fall down. Did a board try to catch him? And the giant who lived in the clouds put out his hand, and he caught Leia and Noah in his big giant hand. Was they only as big as a dorm for the giant? And the giant was so big that Leia and Noah were only as big as the giant's fingers. So Leia and Noah were standing up in the giant's house, and they were saying, giant, giant, we're here in your hand. And the giant picked up Leia, Noah in his hand, and he brought up his hand all the way up to his giant nose. And Leia and Noah were saying, giant. Giant. We're here. And the giant smelled them. And the giant said, It smells like children. And Leia said, yeah, it's about to be my birthday. And Noah said, Giant, we need you to carry us back down because we flew up here on a red, twinkly, glittery, sparkly balloon. And the balloon popped, and now we're stuck. Well, the giant said that giants are not allowed to go down to the ground because they could only live in the clouds, because if giants went all the way down on the streets, then they might stomp on cars. And this was a friendly giant, and he didn't want to stomp on cars and stuff. And so Noah told the giant, well, how can we get back down? And the giant said that he had a friend that was a robot, and he was going to ask the robot, which also lived in the clouds, what to do. And the giant started walking around the clouds until he found a shiny silver robot. Now, a lot of robots don't like when people see them, because they like to be kind of secret, and even grown ups don't know that there could be so many robots that could talk. But they found a shiny silver robot, and the robot was about as big as a fire truck. And the robot said, I am a robot. How can I help you? And the giant said, look, in my hand. I'm holding two nice kids. One is Leia, and it's about to be her birthday. And the other is Noah. And they need a way of getting back down to Manitoba, Canada, where they live. And the robot said, Well, I have an idea. And the giant said, what's your idea? What's your idea? And the robot said, if you press a button on my belly button have you ever pressed a robot's belly button, bud? Yeah. You have? Yeah. Cool. Well, this robot said, if you press on my belly button, then I have a magic thing that could come out, and you could use the magic thing to rescue you. And so Noah said, Leia, since it's your birthday, maybe you could press on the robot's belly button, and Leia pressed the green button, which was on the robot's belly button. And do you know what came out? What? A magic sweater. And there was one magic sweater that came out, and the giant said that Leia could put it on. So Noah helped Leia put on her magic sweater. And then another magic sweater came on, and Noah put it on. Both of the magic sweaters had capes in the back? Yep. And the robot said, with these magic sweaters, you can fly. And Leia and Noah looked at each other. They weren't sure that the magic sweaters would really work because they had never flown before. But if the robot was right, then they were about to turn into kid superheroes. And Leia. Noah thought that would be so cool. So they told the Friendly Giant, how about we try to fly a little bit using the magic sweater with the cape? And if it works, then okay, but if the magic sweater with the cape does not work, and if we fall down from the clouds, that you're in charge of catching us. And the giant said, okay, well, leia and Noah held hands so that they could fly together. And they jumped off of the giant's hand, and they started to fly. They were able to fly through the clouds. And sometimes if you're so high up in the clouds, it could be very windy. But with the magic sweater, they stayed warm, and they were able to fly through the clouds and go all the way above Manitoba, Canada. And they were able to see the supermarket, where they got groceries and food. And they were even able to see the roof of their house. And they can see where the water was, and they could see where the trees were. And Leia and Noah were flying in the sky using their magic cape. And Leia said, let's say bye bye to the giant and to the robot first. And so they flew back up and said bye bye to the giant and to the robot, and they used their magic capes to fly all the way to their house. When they got to their house, they landed right next to the front door. And their mama opened the door, and their mama said, leia, Noah, what happened to the red glittery balloon? And Leia said, mom, you're not going to believe us. What happened was the balloon took us up to the clouds, and we saw a giant, and we saw a robot. But you have to believe us, because look at our magic cape. And Leia, Noah's mom said, that is a special magic cape. So now I believe you. Happy birthday, Leia. The End tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.