Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived two brothers named Avi and Levi. It was Levi's birthday, and he turned two years old. Avi and Levi decided that for Levi's birthday, they would check the mailbox to see if there was a present. So, Avi and Levi went with their mama, Victoria, to the mailbox. Can you guess what they found? A magic spray! The magic spray was called "No Grow Spray."

Victoria explained to Avi and Levi that if you spray it on someone, that person will stop growing. Since Levi was only two years old, Avi and Victoria didn't want him to grow up too fast and not be a fun little toddler anymore. So, Avi decided to spray some of the No Grow Spray onto Levi.

Do you know what happened when Avi sprayed the No Grow Spray onto Levi? Levi stayed the same size, looking like a regular two-year-old, and he stopped getting bigger. But there were instructions on the spray, which said that whoever sprays the No Grow Spray will turn into a giant. Avi was the one who sprayed the No Grow Spray onto Levi, so he started to grow. Suddenly, he got as tall as his mom, then as tall as the ceiling! Avi realized he had to go outside quickly, or else his head would bump into the ceiling. So, Avi went outside, ducking his head under the door, and Levi and Victoria followed him.

When Avi got outside, he kept getting bigger. Soon, his head was as big as the roof of their house, and he kept growing. Avi became as tall as a tree, even though he was only five years old. Have you ever seen a five-year-old as tall as a big tree? No, neither have I. But that's what happens when you spray the No Grow Spray – you grow a lot! So, Avi became as big as a giant, while Levi stayed just two years old. Victoria looked up at Avi, who was so high up in the sky, and asked if he could even hear her.

Meanwhile, little Levi, who had the No Grow Spray sprayed on him, started getting smaller and smaller. He became as little as a worm! Avi was the biggest five-year-old in the world, and they were still brothers, with one as little as a worm and the other as big as a giant. Victoria thought that maybe if Levi, who was as little as a worm, could spray the magic No Grow Spray, he would grow because whoever sprays the No Grow Spray becomes big again. So, Levi used his tiny worm hands to spray the No Grow Spray on his mom. Then, Levi became the biggest two-year-old giant in the world! But Victoria got so small that she was even littler than a kitty cat.

Victoria saw a kitty cat and decided to go for a ride on it, just like a horse. That's how small she was! She held onto the kitty cat, and it gave Levi and Avi's mom a ride. While Victoria was getting a ride on the kitty cat, a friendly bird asked if she needed help getting up to the clouds to see Avi and Levi, whose heads were so tall they were in the clouds. Victoria agreed, and the bird carried her up to the sky.

Avi and Levi waited as their mom was carried up to the sky by the friendly bird. When she reached them, she asked how they could become small again. Avi and Levi decided to spray the No Grow Spray on a blueberry bush. When they did, they became regular-sized again, and the blueberry bush grew into the tallest blueberry bush in the world, with blueberries as big as watermelons!

But Avi and Levi's adventure wasn't over yet. The magic bird that carried their mom up to the clouds told them it came from the moon. Most people think birds only live in trees, but some birds live in other places, like the ground, mountains, or even the moon! This bird lived on the moon but was blown to Earth during a moon storm. The bird asked Avi and Levi if there was any way they could help it get back to the moon.

Avi and Levi had an idea: they would create a tower of people, with everyone standing on each other's shoulders, all the way up to the moon. At the top would be Avi, who would place the bird back on the moon. Then, everyone would climb back down. So, Avi and Levi did just that.

Afterward, Avi and Levi told their mom they should save the No Grow Spray for another day, maybe to make their little kitty cat into a giant lion. But they decided not to do that just yet. Avi and Levi had a wonderful birthday and lived happily ever after. The end.