Welcome to makeup stories. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. My name is Amelia, and tell all your friends about it. My name is Avi, and I'm five years old, and I live in Seattle. And I want a story about a giant, a bunch of blueberry bushes and a Moonwood, dust blowing off it, and a moon with dust blowing off it, and two ninjas, a star, a lot of stars, and a kid with a roll pinky in front of him. Tonight's makeup story is a request from two brothers, avi, who's five years old, and his brother Levi, who's one and is turning two today on January 10. And we want to say, Happy birthday, Levi. Happy birthday, Levi. And Avi and Levi live in Seattle, and Avi and Levi asked for us to make up a story that includes a giant, a blueberry bush, a moon with dust blowing off, two ninjas, and a star. Usually we ask kids to ask for just three things in a story, and so we might not do all of these things, but we'll still make up a story that includes some of them, right, bud? Yes, but also, since you live in Seattle, that means it's close to our house. That's right. Bellevue. Yeah, that's right, bud. Okay. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived two brothers named Avi and Levi. And it was Levi's birthday. He turned two years old. And Avi and Levi decided that for Levi's birthday, they were going to look in the mailbox to see if there was a present. And Avi and Levi went with their mama out to the mailbox, and do you know what they saw in the mailbox? Guess what they saw? A magic spray. And the magic spray was called no grow spray. And Levi and Avi's mama, Victoria saw the no grow spray, and she told Avi and Levi that the way it works is if you spray it on somebody, that person will stop growing. And Levi was two years old, and so Avi and Avi's mama didn't want Levi to just get so old and not be a fun little toddler who's so cute and can play a lot, and they didn't want Levi to get big so quickly. So Avi decided to spray some of the no grow spray onto Levi. And do you know what happened when Avi sprayed the no grow spray onto Levi? What? Levi stayed the same size, and he looked like a regular two year old, and he stopped getting bigger. But there were instructions on the spray, and the instructions on the spray said, whoever sprays the no grow spray will turn into a giant. And Avi was the one who sprayed the no grow spray onto Levi. And so Avi started to grow, and suddenly he got to be as tall as his mom. And then he got to be so tall, avi was all the way up to the ceiling, and he realized he had to go out of the house very quickly or else his head will bump into the ceiling. So Avi went out of the house, and he had to duck his head under the door, and Levi went with him and Avi's mom. When Avi got out of the house, he kept getting bigger. Soon his head was as big as the roof of their house, and he kept getting bigger. And then Avi became as big as a tree, even though he was just five years old. Have you ever seen a five year old kid who's as tall as a big tree? No. I haven't either. But that's what happens when you spray the no grow spray. You grow a lot. And so Avi became so big, he became bigger than a tree and as big as a giant. And Levi was still just two years old. And Avi and Levi's mama was like, avi, you're so high up in the sky. Can you even hear me? How is this the one that got spoiled? Like, then that might mean that then Levi's mom will get big, and they could all spray Cheddar to the gym. Let me say. So then Avi was all the way up in the clouds because he was so big, he was so tall. And Avi's mama was just a regular person size. And Avi's mama was shouting up to the clouds and saying, avi, can you hear me? But Avi couldn't hear because he was too tall. And do you know what happened? His little brother, Levi, whose birthday it wasn't, who turned two years old, started getting littler and littler because he got the no grow spray sprayed on him. And Levi got to be as little as a worm. Yeah, that's how little he was. And Avi was the biggest five year old in the world, and they were still brothers, and one was as little as a worm, and one was as big as a giant. And because Levi was so little, just like a worm, levi's mom decided that she needed to have Levi, who is as little as a worm, maybe he could spray the magic no grow spray, and then he would grow, because whoever sprays the no grow spray becomes big again. And Levi got his little worm hands all the way up to the no grow spray, and he sprayed it on his mom. And then Levi became the biggest two year old giant in the world. Yet Levi's mom got so small levi's mom got so small that she was littler than a kitty cat. And Levi's mom saw a kitty cat. And do you know what she did? She went on, like, a horse ride on the kitty cat. That's how small she was. She was able to go on a ride on the kitty cat, and she would hold on to the kitty cat, and the kitty cat would give Levi and Avi's mom a ride. Well, as Levi and avi's mom was getting a ride was getting a ride on the kitty cat. What happened was there was a nice bird, and the nice bird asked Avi and Levi's mom if she needed the bird to pick Avi and Levi's mom up and to carry her to the clouds, because birds can fly all the way up to the clouds. And then she could see Avi and Levi, because Avi and Levi's heads were so tall, they were in the clouds. And Levi's mom and Avi's mom said okay. And the bird why the head was as big as a cat. Yes. And Avi and Levi waited as their mom was carried up to the sky by the friendly bird. And the mom got all the way up to the sky. And Avi and Levi were the biggest five and two year olds in the world. And they said, mom, you're so little. And Avi and Levi's mom said, Guys, how can you become small again? And Avi and Levi. No ghost friend. Yeah. Avi and Levi decided that what they would do is they would spray the no grow spray not on a person, but on a blueberry bush. And then they sprayed it on a blueberry bush, and because it was their second time spraying it, they became regular sized again. And when they sprayed it on the blueberry bush, the blueberry bush became a giant blueberry bush, and it was the tallest blueberry bush in the world, and it had blueberries that were as big as watermelons. That's a big blueberry. So did they eat watermelon? And because they were regular sized, five and two year olds now, they couldn't eat a whole blueberry. That's how big it was. They had to cut up the blueberry into a lot of pieces to share with all of their friends. But Avi and Levi were not done with their adventure yet, because the magic bird that carried their mom up to the clouds before to say hi to Avi and Levi the magic bird, told them that he came from the moon. Most people think that birds only live in trees, but really, birds live in other places. There's some birds that like to go to sleep on the ground, and there's some birds that like to go to sleep in mountains. And there are also some birds that live on the moon. And the bird that carried Avi and Levi's mom up to the clouds, that was a bird that lived on the moon, and it grew up on the moon. But one day there was a storm on the moon, and the moon doesn't have any rain, so when there's a storm on the moon, the dust blows, and that's what blew the bird off of the moon to get all the way down to Earth. And so the bird asked Avi and Levi if there was any way that they could make the bird go back to the moon. And Avi and Levi had an idea. Do you know what their idea was? Maybe Avi could carry Levi, and then the bird could go on Levi, and then that might work. Well, Avi and Levi's idea was like that. They decided that everyone needed to go on everyone's shoulders. So Levi would go on Avi's shoulders, avi would go on his mom's shoulders, and his mom would go on his dad's shoulders, and his dad would go on the uncle's shoulders, and they would keep piling up everyone in all the cities until there were a pile of people that went all the way up to the moon. And the top person would be Avi, and he would put the bird that helped out back on the moon. And then to get back down, everyone just needed to go off the shoulders and climb down. And it was easy. And so Avi and Levi did that. And Avi and Levi told their mom that they should save the no grow spray for a different day in case they wanted to make their little kitty cat into a giant lion. But they decided they wouldn't do that that day. And Avi and Levi had a wonderful birthday, and they lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. If your birthday is in February or March and you want me to make up a story for you, then go to the Makeup Stories Facebook page@facebook.com, slash makeup stories, and follow the instructions for how to submit a story. Thanks for listening.