Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Michael. Michael lived in a regular house in Georgia. But close to where he lived, there was a place where rockets blasted off to outer space. The place where rockets blasted off was in the middle of a mountain. Inside the mountain, there was a secret compartment that would open, and a door would slide open. Out would come a rocket ship. The rocket ship was yellow and it blew bubbles. The rocket ship would blast off using real rocket fuel to go to outer space. Sometimes it would bring astronauts, sometimes it would bring robots, and sometimes it would bring supplies to the International Space Station, which is floating above the Earth in outer space.

One day, Michael was in his house with his sister Zoe, and he saw that the yellow rocket ship was getting ready to go up to the sky. Michael and Zoe decided that they would go together to the rocket ship and they would ask the astronauts if they could join them. They asked the captain astronaut, "Can we attach a little elevator to the side of the rocket ship, and it'll be attached to the rocket ship as it goes to outer space? And then when we're in outer space, we'll just keep the elevator attached to the rocket ship, and then we could keep going and there'll be extra space for us?" The captain of the spaceship asked Michael and Zoe where they lived. When they told the captain that they lived just a few blocks away and pointed to their house, the captain said that there were actually free rides to space for anyone who lived there. So Michael and Zoe said, "Woohoo!" 

They needed to go in an elevator to get to the top of the rocket. First, they opened the hatch at the bottom of the mountain. At the bottom of the mountain, they saw a button. They pressed the button, and it started to make beeping noises. It went beep, beep, beep. Suddenly, a big, tall ladder came out from the middle of the mountain. Michael grabbed onto the ladder, and Zoe grabbed onto the ladder, and Michael's mom and Michael's dad also grabbed onto the ladder. The ladder would go up by itself, almost like a fire engine ladder, and it would go all the way up to the rocket ship, which had the elevator. When it got to the elevator part, Michael pressed the elevator button and it opened up, and he and his family went into the elevator. They pressed another button, and the elevator door closed, and the big, tall ladder went back in the mountain and the door to the mountain shut.

The astronaut asked Michael and Zoe, "Are you guys ready to blast off to outer space?" And they said yes. The captains counted down and said, "Three, two, one." Michael and Zoe made sure they had their seatbelts on, and they blasted off over the clouds, way past the blue part of the sky into the dark part, where the stars and the sun and other planets and lots of extra tools that were left in outer space are. As they were going through outer space, Michael looked out and he saw that there were different suns. The sun that was next to Earth was kind of yellowish-orange, but there were different suns that had different colors, like red and green and blue. Michael and Zoe also looked out, and they saw that there were lots of screwdrivers just floating around outer space. Michael asked his dad, "Dad, why are there so many screwdrivers in outer space?" 

Michael's dad told him that a long time ago, before there were people on Earth and before there were dinosaurs, there used to be aliens that were so big, they were bigger than giants, and they were as tall as mountains. The aliens' job used to be to fix planets that were kind of breaking. Sometimes planets in outer space could fall apart a little bit. It was the job of these giant aliens that were as big as mountains to use their tools in space to fix them. The rocket that Michael and Zoe and their family were in was made out of titanium, so it was very, very hard for it to break. In addition to titanium, the rocket also had a hose on it. The hose, instead of squirting out water, squirted out a kind of firewater. The firewater would squirt onto whatever was going in its way, and then it would get full of the firewater, and the firewater would burn it up before it could crash into the spaceship.

But Michael and Zoe were looking around, and they saw all of these big tools in space, but they couldn't see any of those kinds of aliens that are as big as mountains and that fixed planets that are starting to break. Until suddenly, Michael looked out of the window in the elevator where he and his family were staying, and they could see that there was a giant. The giant was like most fairies that have wings and are kind of small, almost as big as a toothpick or a little part of a fork. The giants that Michael saw in outer space had regular bubbles around their heads, but they also had fairy wings. They were the biggest fairy giants ever. They had hands that looked like people's hands, but they used to always carry tools like big, big screwdrivers. The screwdrivers they carried were as big as regular buildings. 

Michael and Zoe watched as the big giant aliens with the fairy wings would take their screwdrivers, and they would screw together some planets that were falling apart. Michael saw that there was a sun that was far away. It looked like a star, and it was the color of a disco ball. The sun could change colors, and it was making a lot of nice colors, but it also looked like it was falling apart. The blue was leaking out of the sun, and the green also was leaking out of the sun, and the sun was losing its colors. So Michael shouted out at one of the big giant aliens and told the giant alien he needed to take a big flap of his fairy wings and go all the way over to the disco ball sun and make sure to put some scotch tape on it so that its colors didn't fall out. The big alien giant said, "Thank you," and he flapped his wings to get all the way over to the disco ball sun, and he started trying to fix it with tape, but the tape didn't work because the sun was too hot, and it just melted the tape. That's when the fairy giant decided to use a big screwdriver and some titanium screws to screw back together the colorful sun that was leaking out its colors.

The fairy giant flew back to the spaceship where Michael and Zoe and his family were and said, "Thank you so much for showing me where that colorful sun is. I fixed it for you guys." Michael and Zoe told the astronaut in charge of the spaceship that they were ready to go back home to Georgia. They started flying back down, and Michael and Zoe and their family lived happily ever after. The end.