Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Harris. Makeup Stories. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Perfect. Hi. My name is Michael. Her name is Zoe, I'm turning four on June 12. Her name is Zoe. She's turning, she's turning to on June 20. And I live in Georgia. About a big tollader, a fairy and a scoobyda. Thank you. I love you. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a boy named Michael and his sister Zoe, who live in Georgia. And Michael turns four years old tomorrow on June 15. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Michael. Happy birthday, Michael. Happy birthday, Zoe and Michael. And Zoe asks for us to make up a story that includes a big tall ladder, a fairy, and a screwdriver. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Michael. Michael lived in a regular house in Georgia. But close to where he lived, there was a place where rockets blasted off to outer space. And the place where rockets blasted off to outer space was from in middle of a mountain. And in middle of the mountain there was a secret compartment that would open and a door would slide open in the mountain. And out would come a rocket ship. And the rocket ship was yellow and it blew bubbles. And the rocket ship would blast off using real rocket fuel to go to outer space. And sometimes it would bring astronauts, and sometimes it would bring robots, and sometimes it would bring supplies to the International Space Station, which is floating on top of the earth in outer space. Well, one day Michael was in his house with his sister Zoe, and he saw that the yellow rocket ship was getting out and was going up to the sky. Yeah, bud, Michael and Zoe should try to make one that could go up close to it after. And so Michael and Zoe decided that they would go together to the rocket ship and they would ask the astronauts who were going in the rocket ship. And they asked the captain, astronaut, can we attach like a little elevator kind of thing to the side of the rocket ship and it'll be attached to the rocket ship as the rocket ship goes to outer space? And then when we're in outer space, we'll just keep the elevator kind of thing attached to the rocket ship and then we could keep going and there'll be extra space for us. And the captain of the spaceship asked Michael and Zoe where they lived. And when they told the captain that they lived just a few blocks away and pointed to where their house was, the captain said that there were actually free rides to space for anyone who lived there. So Michael and Zoe said, woohoo. And they needed to go in an elevator to get to the top of the rocket. So first they opened the hatch to the bottom of the mountain. And then at the bottom of the mountain, they saw that there was a button. They pressed the button, and it started to make some beeping noises. It went beep, beep, beep. And suddenly a big, tall ladder came out from the middle of the mountain. And Michael grabbed onto the ladder, and Zoe grabbed onto the ladder, and Michael's mom and Michael's dad also grabbed on to the ladder. And the ladder would go up by itself, almost like a fire engine ladder, and it would go all the way up to the rocket ship, which had the elevator. When it got to the elevator part, Michael pressed the elevator button and it opened up, and he and his family went into the elevator, and they pressed another button, and the elevator door closed, and the big, tall ladder went back in the mountain and the door to the mountain shut. The astronaut asked Michael and Zoe, are you guys ready to blast off to outer space? And they said yes. And he said the captains counted down and said, Three, two, one. And Michael and Zoe made sure they had their seatbelts on. And they blasted off over the clouds, way past the blue part of the sky into the dark part, where the stars and the sun and other planets and lots of extra tools that were left in outer space are. And as they were going through outer space, michael looked out and he saw that there were different suns. The sun that was next to Earth was the color of kind of yellowish orangeish, but there were different suns that had different colors, like red and green and blue. And Michael and Zoe also looked out, and they saw that there were lots of screwdrivers that were just floating around outer space. And Michael asked his dad, he said, dad, why are there so many screwdrivers in outer space? And Michael's dad told him that a long time ago, before there were people on Earth and before there were dinosaurs, there used to be aliens that were so big, they were bigger than giants, and they were as tall as mountains. And the aliens job used to be to fix planets that were kind of breaking. And the planet sometimes like, you know how if you're on a mountain or something and a little bit of the land could kind of fall down a little bit, some rocks or something like that, that could happen to some planets in outer space. And so sometimes planets in outer space could fall apart a little bit. And it was the job of these giant aliens that were as big as mountains to use their tools in space to fix them. Yeah, bud. But what happens if the walket explodes with a special emergency walket? Or is the walket made out of titanium? Well, the rocket that Michael and Zoe and their family was in was made out of titanium, so it was very, very hard for it to break. In addition to titanium, the rocket also had a hose on it. And the hose, instead of squirting out water, the hose squirted out a kind of firewater. And the firewater would squirt onto whatever is going in its way, and then it would get full of the firewater, and the firewater would burn it up before it could crash into the spaceship. But Michael and Zoe were looking around, and they saw all of these big tools in space, but they couldn't see any of those kinds of aliens that are as big as mountains and that fixed planets that are starting to break. Until suddenly Michael looked out of the window in the elevator where he and his family were staying, and they could see that there was a giant. And the giant was like, you know how most fairies that have wings and stuff are kind of small and they're almost as big as, like, a toothpick or like a little part of a fork? Well, the giants that Michael saw in outer space, they had, like, regular bubbles around their heads, but they also did have fairy wings. And they were kind of the biggest fairy giants ever. And they had hands that looked like people hands, but they used to always carry tools like big, big screwdrivers. The screwdrivers that they carried were as big as regular buildings. That's how big. And Michael and Zoe watched as the big giant aliens with the fairy wings would take their screwdrivers, and they would screw together some planets that were falling apart. Michael saw that there was a sun that was far away. It looked like a star, and it was the color of a disco ball. The sun could change colors, and it was making a lot of nice colors, but it also looked like it was falling apart. And the blue was leaking out of the sun, and the green also was leaking out of the sun, and the sun was losing its colors. So Michael shouted out at one of the big giant aliens and told the giant alien he needed to take a big flap of his fairy wings and to go all the way over to the disco ball sun and make sure to put some scotch tape on it so that its colors didn't fall out. Well, the big alien giant said, thank you, and he flapped his wings to get all the way over to the disco ball sun, and he started trying to fix it with tape, but the tape didn't work because the sun was too hot, and it just melted the tape. And that's when the fairy giant decided to use a big screwdriver and some titanium screws to screw back together the colorful sun that was leaking out its colors. And the ferry giant flew back to the spaceship where Michael and Zoe and his family were and said, thank you so much for showing me where that colorful sun is. I fixed it for you guys. And Michael and Zoe told the astronaut in charge of the spaceship that they were ready to go back home to Georgia. And they started flying back down. And Michael and Zoe and their family lived happily ever after. The end.