Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old girl named Victoria. Victoria was really good at building forts and tents and hiding places with blankets and pillows. She could make a blanket house fort, and Victoria had a special design for making a blanket house fort. What Victoria did when she wanted to make a really good blanket house fort is she used some brooms to hold up the blanket as poles. She also used some extra boxes to stack them up high so there could be a big ceiling. And for doors, Victoria used pillows that could open sideways.

Victoria's whole house turned into a big fort. She made secret pillow tunnels through the fort in her house and a pole in the fort of her house. She even made a whole slide that went through the fort from the upstairs to the downstairs. Victoria told her friends that they could come over to play. The next day, Victoria heard a ding-dong on her door. It was Victoria's friends because they came to play in the fort.

Well, Victoria told her friends the rules. She said, "Everyone, all kids are allowed to play in my fort because I'm so good at sharing. And after we play, my mom said that she baked cookies for everyone, and there are cookies that have sprinkles on them, and all kids could share some. While we're in the fort, if you discover any new tunnels, you need to tell me so that I can explore." All of Victoria's friends said, "Yippee and hooray!" They opened up the front door to her fort, and they all crawled inside and started exploring. Some of them said, "Wee, it's dark in here." And some of their friends said, "I'm not scared." They went all the way through the fort.

Victoria had made a pretend kitchen in the fort. One of them found a new tunnel, a kitchen in the pretend kitchen in the fort, and one of them found a little pretend toy factory in the fort. But one of the kids who was walking with Victoria had a flashlight. They turned on the flashlight, and do you know what they saw? A new secret tunnel. The tunnel had a door that was made of ice. You can kind of see through the ice, but it was hard to see what was exactly on the other side of the tunnel. It looked like there was a big animal that was maybe even bigger than an elephant.

Victoria told her friends that it was just going to be a Stuffy, and they should open the ice door. Victoria and her friends pulled the doorknob, and the ice door opened quite easily, and it whooshed away. Then Victoria and her friends went through the new secret tunnel of her fort, past the ice door, until they got to the magic land. In the magic land, there were giant dinosaur stuffies. The dinosaur stuffies were as big as real-life dinosaurs, but they didn't have bones and stuff inside them, and they weren't real. They were just stuffies. Kids could hug them and play with them. Some of the dinosaur stuffies were so big that kids could even go on rides on the Stuffies. Victoria and her friends had a lot of fun playing with the dinosaur stuffies.

But then Victoria realized that she needed to tell her mom that she and her friends had gone down the secret part of the fort that she built with pillows and blankets in her house. Victoria asked her friends if any of them had a telephone or if they could run out of the fort to tell Victoria's mom that they were okay. Victoria's friends said that they did not have a telephone. But luckily, just as Victoria asked that question, there was a kitty cat that wasn't a Stuffy. It was a regular kitty cat. The kitty cat walked right up to Victoria and her friends, and it started to say, "Meow. Meow." It looked like it wanted Victoria and her friends to pet the kitty cat and also to feed it.

So Victoria picked up the kitty cat because Victoria was really good with kitty cats, and sometimes kitty cats liked when Victoria picked them up. When Victoria picked up this kitty cat, all of her friends saw that it was not a regular kitty cat because, in the bottom of the kitty cat, instead of a kitty cat belly, there was a telephone. There was a big telephone screen, and it looked exactly like Victoria's mom's telephone. Victoria decided that she would press a magic button to make the telephone work and do all of the things on the telephone that grownups can usually do.

Victoria started pushing her fingers on the telephone, which was the belly of the kitty cat, and it started to ring. On the other end of the phone was Victoria's mom. Victoria said, "Mom, I'm just calling on my kitty cat telephone to let you know that we went in the blanket pillow fort down a secret tunnel, which had a door that was made of ice, and we found a lot of dinosaur stuffies and also a phone that is a kitty cat. I'm just calling you to say that I didn't want you to worry about me because I'm coming back home soon." Victoria's mom said, "Okay, thanks for calling. You could play."

Victoria and her friends all took turns dancing ring around a rosy and playing London Bridge Is Falling Down and having a lot of fun in this new secret part of the fort that they discovered. They also remembered that there were some yummy cookies that they needed to eat. Victoria and her friends decided to go out of the fort, and they crawled through the pillow and blanket tunnels, and they closed the ice door until they got back to the front of Victoria's house, and they all shared some yummy cookies. Victoria and her friends were so happy. Victoria's friends told Victoria that she was really good at sharing. Victoria said, "Thank you," and she said that they could come back a different day if they wanted to play again. Some of the kids asked for two cookies, and Victoria said each kid could only have one cookie. But if you had one cookie already and you need another cookie, then instead you could have a lollipop. Victoria and all of her friends lived happily ever after. The end.