Welcome to Mary stories. This is Philip from London. Hi. My name is Victoria, and I live in Los Angeles. How old are you? I'm four years old. And I would like a story about a Kcat telephone and the mini mouse and the telephone. And the dinosaur. Right. And the dinosaur. And thank you. Thank you. I listen to your stories. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old girl whose name is Victoria and who lives in Los Angeles. Victoria has a birthday on January 22, and she is going to turn five years old. So happy soon. Birthday, victoria and Victoria. Happy birthday, Victoria. And Victoria asked for us to make up a story that includes a kitty cat, telephone, a Minnie mouse, and a dinosaur. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four year old girl whose name was Victoria. Victoria was really good at building forts and building tents and building hiding places under blankets and pillows. Could she make a blanket house fort? Yes. And Victoria had a special design for making a blanket house fort. What Victoria did when she wanted to make a really good blanket house fort is she used some brooms to hold up the blanket as poles. And she also used some extra boxes to stack them up high so there could be a big ceiling. And for doors, Victoria used pillows that could open sideways. And Victoria's whole house turned into a big fort. And Victoria made secret pillow tunnels through the fort in her house. And she made a pole in the fort of her house. She even made a whole slide that went through the fort from the upstairs to the downstairs. And Victoria told her friends that they could come over to play. The next day, Victoria heard a ding dong on her door. And do you know who it was, bud? Old friends. Yep. It was Victoria's friends, because they came to play in the fort. Well, Victoria told her friends the rules. She said, everyone, all kids are allowed to play in my fort because I'm so good at sharing. And after we play, my mom said that she baked cookies for everyone, and there are cookies that have sprinkles on them, and all kids could share some. Victoria also said that while they were in her fort, if they discovered any new tunnels, they needed to tell her so that she could explore. Well, all of Victoria's friends said, yippee and hooray, and they opened up the front door to her fort, and they all crawled inside and started exploring. Some of them said, Wee, it's dark in here. And some of their friends said, I'm not scared. And they went all the way through the fort. And Victoria had made a pretend kitchen in the fort. Did one of them find, just like Victoria said, a new tunnel? Yes. And one of them found a kitchen in the pretend kitchen in the fort. And one of them found a little pretend toy factory in the fort. But one of the kids who was walking with Victoria had a flashlight. And they turned on the flashlight, and do you know what they saw? What? A new secret tunnel. And the tunnel had a door that was made of ice. And you can kind of see to the other side of the tunnel because ice is kind of see through, like, if an ice cube, you could see through it a little bit, but it was hard to see what was exactly on the other side of the tunnel. It looked like there was a big animal that was maybe like, even bigger than an elephant. And so Victoria told her friends that it was just going to be a Stuffy, and they should open the ice door. And so Victoria and her friends pulled the doorknob, and the ice door opened quite easily, and it whooshed away. And then Victoria and her friends went through the new secret tunnel of her fort, past the ice door, until they got to the magic land. In the magic land, there were giant dinosaur stuffies. The dinosaur stuffies were as big as real life dinosaurs, but they didn't have bones and stuff inside them, and they weren't real. They were just stuffies. And kids could hug them and kids could play with them. Some of the stuffies, the dinosaur stuffies, were so big that kids could even go on rides on the Stuffies. And Victoria and her friends had a lot of fun playing with the dinosaur stuffies. But then Victoria realized that she needed to tell her mom that she and her friends had gone down the secret part of the fort that she built with pillows and blankets in her house. And so Victoria asked her friends if any of them had a telephone or if they could run out of the fort to tell Victoria's mom that they were okay. Victoria's friends said that they did not have a telephone. But luckily, just as Victoria asked that question, there was a kitty cat that wasn't a Stuffy. It was a regular kitty cat. And the kitty cat walked right up to Victoria and right up to Victoria's friends, and it started to say, Meow. Meow. And it looked like it wanted Victoria and her friends to pet the kitty cat and also to feed it. So Victoria picked up the kitty cat, because Victoria was really good with kitty cats, and sometimes kitty cats liked when Victoria picked them up. Well, when Victoria picked up this kitty cat, all of her friends saw that it was not a regular kitty cat, because in the bottom of the kitty cat, instead of a kitty cat belly, there was a telephone. There was a big telephone screen, and it looked exactly like Victoria's mom's telephone. And Victoria decided that she would press a magic button to make the telephone work and to get to do all of the things on the telephone that grownups can usually do. So Victoria started pushing her fingers on the telephone, which was the belly of the kitty cat, and it started to ring. And on the other end of the phone was Victoria's mom. And Victoria said, mom, I'm just calling on my kitty cat telephone to let you know that we went in the blanket pillow fort down a secret tunnel, which had a door that was made of ice, and we found a lot of dinosaur stuffies and also a phone that is a kitty cat. And I'm just calling you to say that I didn't want you to worry about me because I'm coming back home soon. And Victoria's mom said, okay, thanks for calling. You could play. And Victoria and Victoria's friends all took turns dancing ring around a rosy and playing London Bridge Is Falling Down and having a lot of fun in this new secret part of the fort that they discovered cookies. And they also remembered that there were some yummy cookies that they needed to eat. So Victoria and her friends decided to go out of the fort, and they crawled through the pillow and blanket tunnels, and they closed the ice door until they got back to the front of Victoria's house, and they all shared some yummy cookies. And Victoria and her friends were so happy. And Victoria's friends told Victoria that she was really good at sharing. And Victoria said, thank you, and she said that they could come back a different day if they wanted to play again. And some of the kids asked for two cookies, and Victoria said each kid could only have one cookie. But if you had one cookie already and you need another cookie, then instead you could have a lollipop. And Victoria and all of her friends lived happily ever after. The end. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stops.