Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Eloise and Teddy. Eloise was a girl, and Teddy was a boy, and they lived in a house. Their house had special pink pipes that came in from the street to lead to their house. One day, they had dinner, and Eloise and Teddy's mama told them that it was time for a bath. Well, they took off their clothes and went to the bath. When their mom turned on the bath, there was no water. So Eloise and Teddy asked their mom how they were going to take a bath. Their mom knocked on the pink pipe, and then it started working. Out of the pipes, there came some milk. Eloise and Teddy said, "What? We're going to take a bath in milk today?" Their mama said the pink pipes must be full of milk because maybe they're connected to a milk factory today. Eloise and Teddy said that that was silly.

Eloise and Teddy's mama told them that it would probably be a good idea to put some cereal in their bath since there was milk in it. They decided to bring spoons. Even though they just had dinner, Eloise and Teddy took a bath that was full of milk, and they used a spoon to eat some cereal. It was really silly. Eloise's mama looked in the cabinet, and she found something called milk bubbles. She poured the milk bubble bath into the milk bath, and there started to be such big bubbles. The bubbles weren't clear like regular bubbles. These bubbles were white and looked like milk. Eloise and Teddy tried to pop the bubbles, and they still ate some of the cereal in the bath.

Eloise noticed something under the bubbles, and Teddy said, "What is it, Eloise?" Eloise pointed to the bottom of the drain, and she saw that the drain had been uncovered and the drain was bigger than normal, but the milk wasn't going out of the bathtub into the drain. Suddenly, Eloise saw a little mermaid come out of the drain from the pink pipe. The Little Mermaid said, "Hi, Eloise and Teddy! I love to swim in milk. I usually live in the ocean, but milk is yummier than the ocean. It's a secret that little mermaids like milk. So I came to join your bath." Teddy said that the Little Mermaid could share some of their cereal, and the Little Mermaid shared cereal, and she went in such a big bubble that Eloise popped.

Well, Eloise and Teddy told their mom that it was time to finish with bath time. They told the Little Mermaid that she should stay in the bath and have fun and that they would get her some mermaid candy. After bath time, Eloise and Teddy's mama put on their pajamas and got them ready for bed. The Little Mermaid was waiting for her treat. Eloise and Teddy told their parents that they should get some gummy bears because that's a kind of treat that little mermaids like. Eloise's mama got some gummy bears, and before bedtime, Eloise and Teddy went back to the bathtub, and they put the gummy bears in it for the Mermaid. The Mermaid said that she was so happy.

The Mermaid said that while they were all sleeping, they could go on a special adventure. Eloise and Teddy said, "Okay." Their mom told them a makeup story that night, and Eloise and Teddy thought it was such a good story. Then they went to sleep, and their mom closed the door. Eloise told Teddy that it was time for them to have their adventure. So they sneakily went out of the room and went to the bathroom, and they said hello to the Little Mermaid. The Little Mermaid told Eloise and Teddy that she got some balloons that she brought from under the pink pipe, and she had the balloons with her. Eloise and Teddy and the Little Mermaid helped blow up so many balloons. The Little Mermaid, since she didn't have feet, attached the strings of the balloons to her flippers. The Little Mermaid used the balloons to float out of the mama's room and go into the room with Eloise and Teddy. Eloise and Teddy told the Little Mermaid that even though there was no water and no milk in the room, she could just stay in the air instead of having to walk because the balloons would hold her up. The Little Mermaid said that that was a good idea.

The next morning, Eloise and Teddy woke up, and they went to their mama. Their mama looked at them and said, "Why do you guys look like there might have been balloons in your room?" Eloise and Teddy said, "Come look." The mama went to look, and she saw that the Little Mermaid was there. The Little Mermaid was hanging by balloons, and she said, "How about we go outside? Usually, I have to stay in pink pipes and the ocean and milk baths, and I really want to see what it's like to be outside." Eloise, Teddy, and their mama decided to take a walk with the stroller. They attached the Little Mermaid and her balloons to the stroller so she wouldn't fly away. Eloise went in one side of the stroller and Teddy went in the other side of the stroller, and they started to go on a walk.

As they were walking, they passed by a magic road. The magic road had a lot of kitty treats and doggy treats on it. The magic road was really very silly because it smelled like kitty and doggy treats, and there were so many kitty and doggy treats over it. But the kitties and doggies on this magic road looked like lions. Eloise and Teddy looked, and they saw that the lions on this road grew wings, and they had never seen a lion with wings. The Little Mermaid, who was floating on her balloons attached to the stroller, told them that this was a special kind of magic road that mermaids are allowed to visit, but usually kids and people don't. So kids and people don't know if it's true because they don't see. But mermaids know because they go on this road a lot, but they always need balloons. Or sometimes they could get a ride on one of the lions that has wings, and the lions are really doggies and kitties. The mermaid said, "Thank you" to Eloise and Teddy for taking her on a walk on the magic road.

Suddenly they saw a rocket ship on the magic road. This rocket ship wasn't like ordinary rocket ships because it spit out grape juice so it can't catch on fire. It was very safe to go in. It did make a big mess on the ground because the ground got red from the grape juice. The rocket ship had a smoothie maker in the middle, and there were grapes there. It crunched up the grapes and smashed them, and that turned into grape juice, and that helped it blast off. The mermaid said that they should go into the rocket ship. The rocket ship was only about as big as a treehouse. They went into the rocket ship, and the rocket ship had lights in front of it, and it even had a siren that made it go.

They went into the rocket ship with one of the doggy lions and with the mermaid with her balloons. They blasted off into space, and they went so high after counting down, three, two, one, blast off, that they got so high, they went all the way into space. As they got deep into space, they saw a black hole. A black hole is a part of space that can be very sticky and attractive and make things come to it. When they got close to the black hole, it was almost like glue. It pulled their rocket ship in. Eloise listened to the Little Mermaid, and the Little Mermaid said, "Use super grape juice power!" They turned on the turbo grape juice booster, and they blasted away from the black hole so that they wouldn't get sucked up into it.

They turned the rocket ship back down to Earth and landed it back on the magic road that they came from. The Little Mermaid went with them on the balloons in the stroller back to their house, and they decided to have the Little Mermaid live with them. They all lived happily ever after. The end.