You welcome to makeup the kids bedtime stories. Podcast. I'm your host, Steve. I make up new stories on the fly every day to put my five year old son to sleep. Story requests come from listeners like you. If you want to request a story, then let us know your name and something you want to be in the story. If you want a shout out or know someone whose birthday is coming up, connect with us in two Twitter, Facebook at makeup stories. If you like this podcast, please subscribe and leave us a five star review. And now we're ready for today's story. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from two listeners who are siblings, eloise and Ted Teddy. And they asked for a story that has wings, balloons, a pet lion, and a mermaid. And buddy, what do you want to add to the story? A black hole in wind. So we're also going to add a black hole and some wind to the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Eloise and Teddy. Eloise was a girl, and Teddy was a boy, and they lived in a house. Their house had special pink pipes that came in from the street to lead to their house. And one day, they had dinner, and Eloise and Teddy's mama told them that it was time for a bath. Well, they took off their clothes and went to the bath. And when the mom turned on the bath, there was no water. And so Eloise and Teddy asked their mom how they were going to take a bath. And the mom knocked on the pink pipe, and then it started working. And out of the pipes, there came some milk. And so eloise. And Teddy said, what? We're going to take a bath in milk today. And their mama said the pink pipes must be full of milk, because maybe they're connected to a milk factory today. And Eloise and Teddy said that that was silly. Eloise and Teddy's mama told them that it would probably be a good idea to put some cereal in their bath since there was milk in it. And they decided to bring spoons. And even though they just had dinner, eloise and Teddy took a bath that was full of milk, and they used a spoon to eat some cereal. So they were eating their bath. They were eating their bath. It was really silly. And Eloise's mama looked in the cabinet, and she found something called milk bubbles. And she poured the milk bubble bath into the milk bath. And there started to be such big bubbles. The bubbles weren't clear like regular bubbles. These bubbles were white and looked like milk. And it bubbled, bubble, bubbled. And Eloise and Teddy tried to pop the bubbles, and they still ate some of the cereal in the bath. Yeah, well, Eloise noticed something under the bubbles, and Teddy said, what is it? Eloise? And Eloise pointed to the bottom of the drain, and she saw that the drain had been uncovered and the drain was bigger than normal, but the milk wasn't going out of the bathtub into the drain. And suddenly, Eloise saw a little mermaid come out of the drain from the pink pipe. And the Little mermaid said, Hi, Eloise. And Teddy I love to swim in milk. I usually live in the ocean, but milk is yummier than the ocean. And really, it's a secret that Little Mermaids like milk. So I came to join your bath. And Teddy said that the Little Mermaid could share some of their cereal, and the Little Mermaid shared cereal, and she went in such a big bubble that Eloise popped. Well, Eloise and Teddy told their mom that it was time to finish with bath time. And they told the Little Mermaid that was with them that she should stay in the bath and have fun and that they would get her some mermaid candy. Well, after bath time, Eloise and Teddy's mama put on their pajamas and got them ready for bed. And the Little Mermaid was waiting for her treat. So Eloise and Teddy told their parents that they should get some gummy Bears because that's a kind of treat that Little Mermaids like. So eloise's mama got some gummy bears. And before bedtime, Eloise and Teddy went back to the bathtub, and they put the gummy bears in it for the Mermaid. And the Mermaid said that she was so happy. The Mermaid said that while they were all sleeping, they could go on a special adventure. And eloise. And Teddy said, okay. Well, their mom told them makeup story that night, and Eloise and Teddy thought it was such a good story. And then they went to sleep, and then their mom closed the door, and then they were alone in the room. And Eloise told Teddy that it was time for them to have their adventure. So they sneakily sneakily went out of the room and went to the bathroom, and they said hello to the Little Mermaid. And the Little Mermaid told Eloise and Teddy that she got some balloons that she brought from under the pink pipe, and she had the balloons with them. And Eloise and Teddy and the Little Mermaid helped blow up so many balloons. And then the Little Mermaid, since she didn't have feet, attached the strings of the balloons to her flippers. And the Little Mermaid used the balloons to float out of the mama's room and go into the room with Eloise and Teddy. And Eloise and Teddy told the Little Mermaid that even though there is no water and no milk in the room, she could just stay in the air instead of having to walk because the balloons would hold her up. And the Little Mermaid said that that was a good idea. Well, the next morning, Eloise and Teddy woke up, and they went to their mama and their mama looked at them and said, why do you guys look like there might have been balloons in your room? And eloise. And Teddy said, Come look. And the mama went to look, and she saw that the Little Mermaid was there. The Little Mermaid was hanging by balloons, and she said, how about we go outside? Because usually I have to stay in pink pipes and the ocean and milk baths, and I really want to see what it's like to be outside. And so Eloise and Teddy and their mama decided to take a walk with the stroller. And they attached a little mermaid and her balloons to the stroller so she wouldn't fly away. And Eloise went in one side of the stroller and Teddy went in the other side of the stroller, and they started to go on a walk. As they were walking, they passed by a magic road. And the magic road had a lot, a lot of kitty treats and doggy treats on it. And the magic road was really very silly because it smelled like kitty and doggy treats and there were so many kitty and doggy treats over it. But the kitties and doggies on this magic road looked like lions. But I thought only Kitties could be lions. I thought so, too. But on this road, there were little doggies that looked like a lion because they had a great big mane that's like, hair on their head and stuff, and they had lion kind of teeth, but they still said, Woof, woof. And so Eloise and Teddy, I know that's not true. Yeah, I think I'm making it up. And then Eloise and Teddy looked and they saw that the lions on this road grew wings, and they had never seen a lion with wings. While the Little Mermaid, who was floating on her balloons attached to the stroller, told them that this was a special kind of magic road that mermaids are allowed to visit, but usually kids and people don't. So kids and people don't know if it's true because they don't see. But mermaids know because they go on this road a lot, but they always need balloons. Or sometimes they could get a ride on one of the lions that has wings, and the lions are really doggies and kitties. And so the mermaid said, thank you to Eloise and Teddy for taking them on a walk on the magic road. Suddenly they saw a rocket ship on the magic road. Now, this rocket ship wasn't like ordinary rocket ships because, yeah, this rocket ship on the bottom, instead of having rocket fuel and fire on the bottom, it spit out grape juice so it can't catch on fire. Yeah, it couldn't catch on fire. It was very safe to go in. It did make a big mess on the ground because the ground got red from the grape juice. Grape juice is a type of juice that comes from grapes and is so yummy and has a lot of sugar, those grapes in the rocket. And then there was like a smoothie middle, and when it spinned up, it bulk it into grape juice. And then yeah, that's exactly what happened. So the rocket ship had like, a smoothie maker in middle, and there were grapes there, and it crunched up the grapes and smashed them, and that turned into grape juice, and that helped it blast off. Well, the mermaid, it was a very strong amount. It was a very hefty amount, very strong. And so eloise and teddy listened to the little mermaid, who said that they should go into the rocket ship. The rocket ship was really not that big. Regular rocket ships are probably about as big as a building, but this rocket ship was only about as big as a treehouse. And so they went into the rocket ship, and the rocket ship had lights in front of it, and it even had a siren that made it go. Most rocket ships don't have that. And they went into the rocket ship with one of the doggy lions and with the mermaid with her balloons and with the black hole. Yes. And then they blasted off into space, and they went so high after counting down, three, two, one, blast off, that they got so high, they went all the way, all the way into space. And as they got deep into space, they saw a black hole. A black hole is a part of space that can be very, very sticky and attractive and make things come to it. And so when they got close to the black hole, it was almost like glue. It pulled their rocket ship in. And so eloise listened to the little mermaid, and the little mermaid said, use super grape juice power, and they turned on the turbo grape juice booster, and they blasted away from the black hole so that they wouldn't get sucked up into it, just like things could get sucked up into a vacuum cleaner. Like daddy. Yeah, a black hole could suck up space. That's right. And so they turned the rocket ship back down to earth and landed it back on the magic road that they came from. And the little mermaid went with them on the balloons in the stroller back to their house, and they decided to have the little mermaid live with them. And they all lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. We're so happy to have you as a listener because you listen to the whole story. You're now in today's makeup club. This is a special pretend club you can tell your parents and friends about. Remember to subscribe and leave a five star review on itunes.