Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Tristan. Tristan lived in a hut made of dry mud on the sides and straw on the top. The hut was not very big, and it was in the middle of Africa. Tristan's hut in Africa was very special because inside the hut, there was a special room with little toy animals. There were toy lions, toy dinosaurs, toy giraffes, and even a toy rabbit named Ribby.

When Tristan went into his secret toy room in his hut, which was in the middle of Africa, the toys in that room were a little magical. If no grownups were watching, the toys could come alive. The little pretend lion that Tristan had in his toy room turned into a real lion, the pretend giraffe turned into a real giraffe, and the dinosaur, which was a T-Rex, turned into a real live T-Rex. They were the perfect team. And the bunny rabbit turned into a real bunny rabbit.

Tristan was looking at his special toys, which came alive, and he said, "Mom, you have to come look. My toys came alive." Tristan's mom came running from across the other side of the field and into the hut. She was carrying a bucket of water. When Tristan's mom came in, she saw all of Tristan's toy animals turned into real animals.

"I thought grown-ups are not supposed to look," Tristan said. Tristan's mom said, "It's a good thing that I was carrying this magic bucket of water because the magic bucket of water is the only thing that could let a grown-up see that the toy animals turned into real animals."

Tristan said, "Mom, you have to remember not to put down the magic bucket of water because if you put it down, then you're not going to see that the toy animals are real, and then you're not going to know, and only I'll know and only other kids."

But then she'll get to see it for a second, so she knows that they can come alive. Tristan's mom said, "Well, I'll still be able to see it for a little bit, and then I'll know that it could come alive." But Tristan said, "Mom, I really need you to stay with the water in that bucket because the animals need to be alive, and you have to see them the whole time, because look what's going to happen."

Just as Tristan said that, the T-Rex started to get bigger and bigger, until it was almost too big to fit through the door and go out of the hut. "Yeah, but the hut wouldn't his head could just go cold plunk through the roof," Tristan said. So Tristan said, "Mom, the dinosaur's head might just go through the straw roof of our hut." But just in time, the T-Rex ducked his head and went out of the front door of the hut, and he still got bigger and bigger.

Then the lion went out, and the lion got bigger, and the giraffe went out of the hut, and the toy giraffe became a real big giraffe, and the bunny rabbit became so big, the bunny rabbit was as tall as a person. The bunny rabbit asked Tristan's mom if he could have a person jacket. Tristan said, "What? A bunny rabbit wearing a jacket?" Tristan's mom said, "Well, he could borrow it for a little bit."

Because Tristan's mom was still holding the bucket of water, she could still see. Tristan's mom started to let the rabbit wear her coat, and the rabbit put on Tristan's mom's coat, and was starting to go outside and hop around right onto the giraffe's back because the rabbit wanted to get a giraffe ride. The giraffe was like, "Oh, this rabbit is my friend, and he likes to get a giraffe ride. How about I get a ride on the T-Rex?"

Then the giraffe decided to climb up the T-Rex, and the giraffe went on top of the T-Rex dinosaur because T-Rex dinosaurs are big enough to hold giraffes up. The bunny rabbit was on top of the giraffe, and there was a big, tall tower of all of the animals that became alive.

Tristan asked, "Mom, what do you think the lion's going to do?" Just as he said that, the lion went to the bottom of the pile, right under the T-Rex, and he went upside down. The lion decided to use his roar power to make a lion-powered rocket ship. Regular rocket ships use a kind of rocket fuel, and they burn it. But a roar can be so powerful, it could push things away. Like if a lion roars right in front of you, it could blow you down.

"No way. Really? Lion roars are that strong?" Tristan asked. A lion roar is so strong, it could be heard from miles away. So the lion went under the dinosaur, and the lion told Tristan and Tristan's mom to go on top of the pile. Tristan climbed up the dinosaur, and on the giraffe on top, and Tristan's mom also did. Then the bunny rabbit helped Tristan and his mom go to the top of the pile, and the lion said, "Three, two, one, blast off."

The lion started using his roar power to blast off the dinosaur giraffe, bunny rabbit rocket ship off of the African savannah into outer space. It zoomed past the clouds, and when it got to outer space, Tristan looked around, and he saw that there was another Earth in outer space. There were really two Earths.

Maybe he was just looking at Earth. That might have been well, Tristan thought maybe there was a big mirror in outer space. And because there was a mirror in outer space, it looked like there were two Earths. But then the dinosaur, the T-Rex, told Tristan that, really, there's two Earths. There's the new Earth, which is where people live, and there's also the old Earth.

The old Earth used to be attached to the Earth that we're on by a big, long rope, which was made of a spider web. It was like the strongest spider web because 100 different spiders had to make it, and it attached the old planet Earth to this planet Earth. But one day, there was a big storm in outer space, and the spider web rope broke, and the old planet Earth started floating away, and there was nothing to hold it to this planet Earth.

The T-Rex told Tristan that when Tristan found it, he was the first kid to really see the old planet Earth in outer space. Tristan asked the lion to roar harder because he wanted to get a closer look at the old planet Earth. The lion used his roar power to roar so quickly through outer space. The giraffe, the T-Rex, the bunny rabbit, Tristan, and his mom were speeding through the rocket ship, past different planets and meteors until they got so close to the old Earth.

When they got so close to the old Earth, Tristan used his owl eyes, and he saw that it really still had some of that big, strong spider web attached to it. "Whoa, does this Earth have some pieces of it?" Tristan asked. He told his mom, "Mom, now we have to go back to this Earth to see if this Earth still has some pieces of the spider web."

The lion said, "Okay." Tristan's mom and Tristan told the lion to go around. The lion roared the rocket ship all the way back to the regular planet Earth that we live on. As they got very close, Tristan looked right next to Mount Everest, and he saw on the top of Mount Everest, which is the tallest mountain on Earth, there really was some spider web that looked like it got cut off.

"You know what? I think that there was also, the middle part is floating around in space," Tristan said. Tristan told his mom that he thinks the middle part of the spider web that blasted off in that big outer space storm is floating away. Tristan's mom said it was getting late, so they landed the rocket ship right next to their hut.

Tristan and his mom said goodbye to the animals, and they went to sleep. Tristan and his family lived happily ever after. The end.