Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Daniel. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends only get to rebound, too. Tonight's Makeup story is a request for a boy named Tristan, who lives in Copenhagen, Denmark, and who turns six years old today on March 10. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Tristan. Happy birthday, Tristan. And Tristan asked for us to make up a story that includes a Tyrannosaurus rex, the planet Earth, and a rocket ship. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Tristan. Tristan lived in a hut that was made of mud, dry mud on the side and straw on the top. The hut was not very big, and it was in middle of Africa. Tristan's hut in Africa was very special, because inside of the hut, there was a special room with little toy animals, and there were toy lions, and there were toy dinosaurs, and there were toy giraffes, and there was even a toy rabbit named Ribby. And when Tristan would go into his secret toy room in his hut, which was in middle of Africa, the toys in that toy room were a little magical. And if no grownups were watching, the toys could come alive. And the little pretend lion kids could they watch. Yeah, kids could see this. And the little pretend lion that Tristan had in his toy room turned into a real lion, and the pretend giraffe turned into a real giraffe, and the dinosaur, which was a trex, turned into a real live trex. They were the perfect teen. And the bunny rabbit turned into a real bunny rabbit. And Tristan was looking at his special toys, which came alive, and he said, mom, you have to come look. My toys came alive. And Tristan's mom came running from across the other side of the field and running back into the hut. She was carrying a bucket of water. And when Tristan's mom came in, she saw all of Tristan's toy animals turned into real animals. I thought grown ups are not supposed to look. And Tristan said, I thought that grownups can't even see. And Tristan's mom said, It's a good thing that I was carrying this magic bucket of water, because the magic bucket of water is the only thing that could let a grown up see that the toy animals turned into real animals. Tristan said, mom, you have to remember not to put down the magic bucket of water, because if you put it down, then you're not going to see that the toy animals are real, and then you're not going to know, and only I'll know and only other kids. But then she'll get to see it for a sex, so she knows that they can come alive. And Tristan's mom said, Well, I'll still be able to see it for a little bit, and then I'll know that it could come alive. But Tristan said, Mom, I really need you to stay with the water in that bucket, because the animals need to be alive, and you have to see them the whole time, because look what's going to happen. And just as Tristan said that, the trex started to get bigger and bigger, until it was almost too big to fit through the door and go out of the hut. Yeah, but the hut wouldn't his head could just go cold plunk through the roof. Yeah. And so Tristan said, mom, the dinosaur's head might just go through the straw roof of our hut. But just in time, the trex ducked his head and went out of the front door of the hut, and he still got bigger and bigger. And then the lion went out, and the lion got bigger, and the giraffe went out of the hut, and the toy giraffe became a real big giraffe, and the bunny rabbit became so big, the bunny rabbit was as tall as a person. And the bunny rabbit the bunny rabbit asked Tristan's mom if he could have a person jacket. And Tristan said what? A bunny rabbit wearing a jacket? And Tristan's mom said, well, he could borrow it for a little bit, because Tristan's mom was still holding the bucket of water so she could still see. And Tristan's mom started to let the rabbit wear her coat, and the rabbit put on Tristan's mom coat, tristan's mom's coat, and was starting to go outside and hop around right onto the giraffe's back, because the rabbit wanted to get a giraffe ride. And the giraffe was like, oh, this rabbit is my friend, and he likes to get a giraffe ride. How about I get a ride on the trex? And then the giraffe decided to climb up the trex, and the giraffe went on top of the trex dinosaur, because trex dinosaurs are big enough to hold giraffes up. And the bunny rabbit was on top of lion's gonna go. And the bunny rabbit was on top of the giraffe, and there was a big, tall tower of all of the animals that became alive. And then Tristan said, mom, what do you think the lion's going to do? And just as he said that, the lion went to the bottom of the pile, right under the trex, and he went upside down. And when he went upside down, he decided to use his raw power to make a lion powered rocket ship. Regular rocket ships use kind of rocket fuel, and they burn it. But a roar can be so powerful, it could push things away. Like if a lion roars right in front of you, it could blow you down. No way. Really? Lion roars are that strong? A lion roar is so strong, it could be heard from miles away. So the lion went under the dinosaur, and the lion told Tristan and Tristan's mom to go on top of the pile, and Tristan climbed up the dinosaur, and on the giraffe on top, and Tristan's mom also did. And then the bunny rabbit helped Tristan and his mom go to the top of the pile, and the lion said, Three, two, one, blast off. And he started using raw, raw power to blast off the dinosaur giraffe, bunny rabbit rocket ship off of the African savannah into outer space. It zoomed past the clouds, and when it got to outer space, tristan looked around, and he saw that there was another Earth in outer space. There were really two Earths. Maybe he was just looking at Earth. That might have been well, Tristan thought maybe there was a big mirror in outer space. And because there was a mirror in outer space, it looked like there were two Earths. But then the dinosaur, the trex, told Tristan that, really, there's two Earths. There's the new Earth, which is where people live, and there's also the old Earth. And the old Earth used to be attached to the Earth that we're on by a big, long rope, which was made of a spider web. It was like the strongest spider web because 100 different spiders had to make it, and it attached the old planet Earth to this planet Earth. But one day, there was a big storm in outer space, and the spider web rope broke, and the old planet Earth started floating away, and there was nothing to hold it to this planet Earth. So the trex told Tristan that when Tristan found it, he was the first kid to really see the old planet Earth in outer space. And Tristan asked the lion to roar harder because he wanted to get a closer look at the old planet Earth. And the lion used his roar power to roar so quickly through outer space. And the giraffe and the trex and the bunny rabbit and Tristan and his mom were speeding through the rocket ship, past different planets and meteors until they got so close to the old Earth. And when they got so close to the old Earth, tristan used his owl eyes, and he saw that it really still had some of that big, strong spider web attached to it. Whoa, does this Earth have some pieces of it? And he told his mom, mom, now we have to go back to this Earth to see if this Earth still has some pieces of the spider web. And the lion said, okay. And Tristan's mom and Tristan told the lion to go around. And the lion roared the rocket ship all the way back to the regular planet Earth that we live on. And as they got very close, tristan looked right next to Mount Everest, and he saw on the top of Mount Everest, which is the tallest mountain on Earth, there really was some spider web that looked like it got cut off. You know what? I think that there was also, the middle part is floating around in space. And Tristan told his mom that he thinks the middle part of the spider web that blasted off in that big outer space storm is floating away. And Tristan's mom said it was getting late, so they landed the rocket ship right next to their hut. And Tristan and his mom said goodbye to the animals, and they went to sleep. And Tristan and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Danya. Makeup Stories Boys is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.