Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Ishan. Ishan was very lucky because there was a secret little door in his house where sometimes cats would come in. So many cats would go inside Ishan's house, and all of the cats loved to play. Ishan was in charge of taking care of them. So, he got lots of kitty treats and gave all the cats lots of yummy things.

One day, a red cat came into Ishan's house. Ishan told his mom, "Mom, there's a red cat." His mom looked at the cat's eyes and saw that the cat had red eyes too. It was the reddest cat in the world. Ishan's mom said, "Ishan, I think this is a special kind of cat." The red cat didn't say anything to Ishan but started to meow, "Meow, meow." Ishan told his mom that meant they should go outside their big castle and follow the red cat.

When Ishan and his mom went out of their big castle, they saw that the red cat could make a red road appear wherever he walked. Whenever the red cat took a step, a new part of the road appeared. Ishan and his mom held hands and walked on the red road behind the red cat. The red cat kept walking in the air, and the road got bigger and bigger in the air.

The red cat could make a special kind of road that went through the air as he walked. Ishan asked his mom, "Mom, how can the red cat create a road as it's walking and not just fall down?" Ishan's mom said, "I don't know."

Just as Ishan asked that question, he saw a blue cat in a tree next to the red road. The blue cat started walking in the air and making a blue road that went all the way to the red cat's red road. Then the red road and the blue road got glued together by magic glue from the red and blue cats' paws.

Ishan and his mom walked on the blue and red magic road through the air as the blue and red cats took them through the clouds around a big kingdom, all the way down to the kitty cat forest where there were special things. In the kitty cat forest, Ishan saw that all the trees were made of crayon. They were crayon trees with crayon wrappers on them. The tops of the trees, the colors of the leaves, matched the tree. So there was a yellow crayon tree with yellow branches and leaves, and a purple crayon tree with purple bark, long tangly branches, and ginormous leaves that blew in the wind.

Ishan and his mom followed the blue and red cats as they made the blue and red road go down through the crayon tree forest. Ishan saw a river made of chocolate. He wanted to go to the river with his mom but didn't want the cats to make a road under the water.

So they went to the river, and guess what happened? The blue cat made a blue tunnel under the chocolate river, and the red cat made a bridge on top of it. Ishan told his mom he would go through the tunnel while she went over the bridge, and they would meet on the other side of the chocolate river.

When they got to the other side, Ishan saw many colorful cats dancing around a rocket ship and chocolate lakes. There was a big pipe connecting the chocolate from the river to the rocket ship. One of the cats held a long stick with a burning marshmallow on it. Ishan told his mom it looked like the cats were going to put a fiery marshmallow in the rocket ship.

Ishan and his mom watched as someone turned the pipe on, and so much chocolate went into the rocket ship. A yellow cat counted down, "Ten, nine, eight, seven," and just as he was counting, the cat with the burning marshmallow put it under the chocolate rocket too fast. The chocolate melted and squirted out of the bottom of the rocket ship. The rocket ship started lifting up, powered by chocolate, and all the colorful cats danced around it. Ishan saw that some of the cats had water guns.

One way they helped the rocket ship go faster was by squirting water at it as it went up. Inside the rocket ship was a rainbow-colored flower that looked like a rose. The top of the rocket ship was the top of the flower. As the cats squirted water on the rocket ship, the rainbow-colored rose grew bigger and bigger.

Suddenly, Ishan looked around, and all the crayon trees in the forest turned into roses. The yellow crayon trees turned into yellow roses. When the flower on top of the rocket ship grew and had all that magic in it, it made all the trees in the crayon forest change from crayon trees into roses of any color in the rainbow.

Ishan told his mom he was so proud of their adventure. He said he was ready to go back to their house through the secret door and hoped the red and blue cats would visit him another day. Ishan's mom asked, "Before we go, can we take a little bit of the chocolate river home?" Ishan said that was a good idea. So they took a little bit of the chocolate river home, and they lived happily ever after. The end.