Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Ishan. Ishan was very lucky because there was a secret little door in his house where sometimes cats would come in, and so many cats would go inside Ishan's house, and all of the cats would love to play. And Ishan was in charge of taking care of them. So Ishan got lots of kitty treats, and he gave all of the kitty cats a lot of yummy things.

One day, there was a cat that was red. And the cat that was red came into Ishan's house and Ishan told his mom, "Mom, there's a cat that's red." And Ishan's mom looked at the cat's eyes, and it saw that the cat had red eyes, too. It was the reddest cat in the world. And Ishan's mom said, "Ishan, I think this is a special kind of cat." And the cat that was so red didn't say anything to Ishan. But the cat started to meow, and it said, "Meow, meow." And Ishan told his mom that that meant he and his mom should go outside of their big castle and follow the red cat.

When Ishan and his mom went out of their big castle, they saw that the red cat was able to make a red road appear wherever he walked. And whenever the red cat would take a step, there would be a new part of the road that came. And Ishan and his mom held hands, and they walked on the red road behind the red cat. And the red cat kept walking in the air, and the road got bigger and bigger in the air.

And then the red cat, how did he walk in the air? The red cat was able to make a special kind of road that went through the air as he was walking. And Ishan asked his mom, "Mom, how could the red cat create a road as it's walking and not just fall down?" And Ishan's mom said, "I don't know."

And just as Ishan asked that question, Ishan saw that there was a blue cat and the blue cat was in a tree next to the red road. And the blue cat started walking in the air and making a blue road that went all the way to the red cat's red road. And then the red road and the blue road got glued together by a magic kind of glue that was on the red kitty cat's paws and also the blue kitty cat's paws.

And Ishan and his mom were walking on a blue and red magic road that went through the air as the blue and red kitty cats took them through the clouds around a big kingdom all the way down to the kitty cat forest where there were special, special things. And in the kitty cat forest, Ishan saw that all of the trees were made of crayon. They were crayon trees that even had crayon wrappers on them. And the tops of the trees, the colors of the leaves would be the same as the tree. So there was a yellow crayon tree that had yellow branches and yellow leaves. And there was a purple crayon tree that was so big and wide and it had purple bark and it had long, tangly purple branches and it had ginormous purple leaves that blew in the wind whenever the wind blew.

And Ishan and his mom followed the blue and red cat as they started to make the blue and red road go down through the crayon tree forest. And Ishan saw that inside of the crayon tree forest there was a river. And the river was made of chocolate. And Ishan wanted to go to the river with his mom, but he wanted the road to stop at the river because he didn't want the kitty cats, the blue kitty cat or the red kitty cat to make a road under the water.

So they went to the river and guess what happened? The blue kitty cat started to make a blue tunnel under the chocolate river and the red kitty cat started to make a bridge on top of the chocolate river. And Ishan told his mom that he was going to go through the tunnel while his mom went over the bridge. And they would meet on the other side of the chocolate river.

When they got to the other side of the chocolate river, Ishan saw that there were so many colorful kitty cats that were dancing around a rocket ship and they also saw rocket going chocolate lakes. They also saw that there was a big pipe that connected the chocolate from the river all the way to the rocket ship. And at the bottom of the rocket ship, one of the kitty cats was holding a long stick that had a marshmallow that was on fire in it. And Ishan told his mom that it looked like the kitty cats were going to put a fiery marshmallow in the kitty cat rocket ship.

And Ishan and his mom watched as somebody turned the pipe on, and so much chocolate went into the rocket ship. And then a yellow kitty cat said, "Ten, nine, eight, seven," and just as he was counting, suddenly the other kitty cat that was holding the marshmallow on a stick and the marshmallow was burning, put the marshmallow under the chocolate Rocket Chip too fast. And the Chocolate Rocket Chip made all the chocolate melt and it squirted out of the bottom of the rocket ship. And the rocket ship started lifting up, and it was a big chocolate powered rocket ship, and all of the colorful kitty cats were dancing around the rocket ship, when suddenly Ishan saw that some of the kitty cats had water guns.

And one of the ways that they would help the rocket ship go faster is they would squirt water at the rocket ship as it was going up to give the rocket ship a little extra boost. And in the rocket ship, there was a flower. And the flower was a rainbow colored flower that looked like a rose. And the top of the rocket ship was the top of the flower. And as the kitty cat squirted so much water on the rocket ship, the rose, the rainbow colored rose that was on top of the rocket ship got bigger and bigger.

And suddenly Ishan looked around, and all of the crayon trees in the forest turned into roses, and the yellow crayon trees turned into yellow roses. And when the flower on the top of the rocket ship grew, and it had all of that magic in it, it made all of the trees in the crayon forest change from crayon trees into roses that could be any color in the rainbow.

And Ishan told his mom that he was so proud of their adventure. And Ishan told his mom that he was ready to go back to their house through the secret door. And he hoped that the red and blue cat would come and visit him a different day. And Ishan's mom said, "Ishan, before we go, can we take, like, a little bit of the Chocolate river home?" And Ishan said that's a good idea. So they took a little bit of the chocolate river home, and they lived happily ever after. The end.