You. Welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime stories podcast. I'm your host, Steve. I make up new stories on the fly every day to put my five year old son to sleep. Story requests come from listeners like you. If you want to request a story, then let us know your name and something you want to be in the story. If you want a shout out or know someone whose birthday is coming up, connect with us in two Twitter or Facebook at makeup stories. If you like this podcast, please subscribe and leave us a five star review. And now we're ready for today's story. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old listener whose name is Samantha. And Samantha asked for us to make up a story that includes butterflies and bubbles. And we're also going to add a water tower and a fishy to the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four year old girl whose name was Samantha. Samantha and her family lived in a regular house. But one day, Samantha told her mom and her dad that it was time for them to move onto a houseboat that floated in a lake. And her mom and dad said that that was a good idea. So Samantha packed up her things in her suitcase, and her dad and mama packed up their things, and they went in their car and drove all the way to the lake. When they got to the lake, they saw that there was a big boat, and on top of the boat, there was a whole house. And Samantha said that they were going to live in that boathouse to have a special adventure. And her parents said, okay, well, they got on the boathouse, and it was floating in the water. The boathouse was really big. It had a bedroom upstairs that Samantha decided she was going to share with her parents. And downstairs it had a room with toys and a lot of the toys. There were, like, unicorn toys. There were some bubbles that you could blow. There was even a rainbow carpet, which had a big rainbow on it, and it was a really fun place to live. So Samantha told her parents that they should set off on adventure. And the next day, after Samantha woke up and she had some breakfast, which was eggs and pancakes and a little bit of milk even for breakfast, her parents decided to sail the houseboat on adventure. Well, it started to be kind of cloudy, and when they were sailing the houseboat, samantha's dadda was the captain of the ship, and he said, who's allah the kimpalas? And just as he said, who's allah the kimpalaz? Samantha's mama decided to start rowing the boat because there were big oars that Samantha's mom could row with. And she would move from one side of the boat and row, and then she would go to the other side of the boat and row, and that's how this houseboat went. Well, as they were rowboating, they saw something come out of the water. And the thing that came out of the water was a shark, and it had such big teeth. At first it looked a little scary because its teeth were sharp, but then Samantha saw that this was actually a rainbow shark. And the rainbow shark told Samantha that it had a friend who was a unicorn. But unicorns can't swim in water so well, so whenever the unicorn wanted to go on the water, the shark would give it a ride, and the unicorn could rest on the shark, and the rainbow shark would swim for it. And nobody would try to get the shark or the unicorn because the shark had such big teeth. And so the unicorn and shark would stay friends. Well, Samantha said, where is the unicorn now? And the shark said that there was a big problem. There was a rainstorm the night before, and instead of raining regular rain the night before, it rained bubbles, and bubbles started coming down from the sky. And some of the bubbles were little, and some of the bubbles were medium, and some of the bubbles were so big, and one of the bubbles went right on top of the unicorn, and the unicorn got stuck in the bubble and it floated away. Samantha told the shark that she could help find where the unicorn floated away in the bubble because they had a houseboat. So she told her mom and her dad to start rowing to where the soap storm came from. And her mom started rowing both sides of the boat, and she kept going until she saw an island. And the island was a pretty funny island because all of the sand on the island was red. And there were trees on the island that grew grapes, and there were little bushes on the island that grew pretzels. And there was also a Mr. Potato Head on the island that was a real potato, but it also had eyes and could talk and could sing and could dance, and it was really silly. And sometimes the Mr. Potato Head on the island would dance and sing, and it had a little cane. Well, the island was also silly because it had fish that could walk on the streets. And the fish that could walk on the streets had legs just like people, and they could stand up just like people, but they looked like a fish. And some of the fish even wore hats. And some of the fish thought it was so silly to wear glasses. Have you ever seen a fish in glasses? I don't think so. But on this island, Samantha found a fish that wears glasses. As she was walking on the island, Samantha noticed a water tower. And the water tower looked like a big white circle, like a big white ball that was on top of a tower, and it looked like it was full of something. As Samantha got closer to the water tower, she smelled something that smelled kind of like strawberries, and she wasn't sure what it was. And so Samantha started going to the water tower, following the smell of the strawberries. And just as she started going, she saw some butterflies that were carrying strawberries. Now, I have never seen butterfly carry strawberries, because usually butterflies just flap their wings. But here, the butterflies were on the trail to the water tower, and they were all carrying butterflies to the top of the water tower. They're all carrying strawberries to the top of the water tower. And when they would get to the top of the water tower, the butterflies would put the strawberries in the water tower. And so Samantha told her mom and dad that they should go there and follow the butterflies. Well, her parents and Samantha went all the way to the water tower, and then they climbed up a ladder. That was a lot of fun because there was a climbing structure right next to it. And they got to the top of the water tower, and when they looked inside, do you know what they saw? They saw that the water tower was full of strawberry juice, and there was a bubble on top of the water tower that the unicorn got stuck in. So Samantha decided to pop the bubble, and the unicorn got free. And the unicorn was so happy, because do you know what unicorns like to drink? Strawberry juice. So the unicorn started drinking strawberry juice, and all of the butterflies were so happy because they helped save the day by bringing strawberries to the water tower. And the unicorn also shared some of the strawberry juice with Samantha, and Samantha started to drink it as well. Well, Samantha was so happy that she got some strawberry juice from the water tower that she told her parents that she was going to make a rule that butterflies on this island are allowed to carry strawberries to water towers. And they're also allowed to carry grapes off of the trees, because grapes grow on trees in this island, and they're allowed to carry the grapes and bring them to people. And so when people wanted to have a snack in this island, instead of looking for snacks in the kitchen or something, they would say, dingaboong. And just as they said dingaboong, butterflies would come and bring different kinds of snacks to them. Sometimes butterflies would carry grapes. Sometimes they'd carry strawberries. Sometimes butterflies would carry chocolate, and sometimes the butterflies would carry bananas. But one butterfly is not strong enough to carry a whole banana, so a lot of butterflies would have to carry it together. And some antha. And her parents had dinner on the island, and butterflies brought them so much food, and then they went back on their boat and sailed home, and they lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. We're so happy to have you as a listener. Remember to subscribe and also to leave a five star review on itunes.