My name is Sophie. Welcome to makeup, tall weed. Hi. My name is Carter. I'm four and a half years old. I'm about to turn five in January 8, and have a brother that's two and a half years old named Colton. And we live in Isaacantis. And I would like a story that includes a candy, a magic candy cane, a cake that flooded everywhere, and 3000 million balls that float into the air and one block that goes and floats. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old boy whose name is Carter and who is turning five years old in less than two weeks from now on January 8. Happy birthday, Carter. Happy birthday, Carlo. Carter. And Carter has a brother whose name is Colton, and he's two and a half. And Carter and Colton live in Olafi, Kansas. And they asked for us to make up a story that includes a magic candy cane, a cake that splatters everywhere and makes a big mess, and 3000 million balls that float into the air and blocks that float once upon a time, long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Carter. And Carter was trying to teach his two year old brother Colton how to do some magic. And Carter had a special idea for how to do magic. He told his mom that since it was going to be his birthday soon, they should make a magic birthday cake. And Carter's mom said, are you sure you don't want us to just buy a regular cake from the store and then you'll just get a piece of the regular cake? And Carter said, no, mom, because I'm about to turn five years old on January 8. I want to make a magic cake. And Carter's mom said, well, what should we put in the magic cake? And Carter told his mom that they needed to put some sprinkles in the magic cake and some sugar in the magic cake and some cake mix in the magic cake. And then they needed to add food coloring. If they found a unicorn horn, would they use that also? Yes. And Carter told his mom that to make it more magical, they needed to find a unicorn horn. And do you know what happened, bud? What? They were walking around in their backyard, and Carter and his brother Colton decided to dig. And when they dug under their backyard, they did not find any unicorn horns. And Carter was like, well, how are you going to make the cake now? And Carter's brother Colton said, look there. And do you know what they found attached to a branch of a tree? A unicorn horn? No. They found some reindeer horns. And maybe somebody was, like, using some reindeers to ride near Carter's house around then on a big sleigh or something. Might have Santa. It could be. I wasn't there. But Carter did find some reindeer horns on a tree. Well, carter saw the reindeer horns on the tree, but he didn't see if there were really reindeers or anyone with a sleigh or toys or anything, but that was a good clue. And reindeers, especially if they're the kind that carry sleighs and toys and stuff, then they could be a little magical, because it's not normal to be able to fly if you're an animal that has regular legs and doesn't have wings. But reindeers that are magical could. Carter told maybe instead of sled had walk it boosters or, like, propellers. Yeah, that could be. And so Carter told his mom, hey, how about, mom, can I go on your shoulders for a shoulder ride? And then I'll reach up to the branch of the tree that has the reindeer horns, and I'll take it down, and then we'll mix up the cake mix with the sprinkles and the sugar using the reindeer horn, and that can make it magical. Carter's mom told him. Okay, so Carter went on his mom's shoulder, and he reached up, but do you know what happened, bud? What? He wasn't tall enough, even when he was on his mom's shoulder. So Carter had an idea. Carter went on his mom's shoulders again, and then he told his brother, Colton, colton, now you go on my shoulders. Because Colton was only two. He was littler than Carter, and Carter and Colton's dad helped Carter go on his mom's shoulder, and they helped Colton go on top of Carter. And then Colton reached up, and do you know what happened? They still couldn't reach. So then Carter told his dad he needed to get a broom. So Carter's dad got a broom from inside the kitchen, and then Carter knocked down the carter gave the broom to his brother Colton, and Colton knocked down the reindeer horns from the branch of the tree, and it fell. Down and everyone started to say yippee and yay, because now they had the special magical reindeer horns that they could use to mix up the cake, but only like them in the backyard. Yeah, it was only them. That's where it was left. So they started going inside, and Carter held the reindeer horn, and he saw that part of the reindeer horn did not look like a regular horn, because you know how animal horns usually look, like long and solid and stuff like that, and a little white horn one. No, but part of the horn of the reindeer, it was like antler. Part of it looked like it was candy cane shaped. And Carter had never seen any antlers or horns or anything like that that were candy cane shaped, and it also did spark a little bit. So he decided before he decided to mix up the cake, he said, mom, can you taste the horn, the antler from the reindeer a little bit to see what it'll taste like before we put it in the cake? And Carter said to his mom, you have to do it. And his mom said okay. And she licked the reindeer horn. And do you know what it tasted like? What? Candy cane. So that was a good thing. So then Carter started to mix it up with his cake. And as he started to mix it up, the cake started to get bigger and bigger. Did he not let his mom and dad cut it? He cut it. Well, he didn't cut the cake yet because they were still baking it. So he mixed it up with the antler from the reindeer and they mixed and they mixed and they mixed. And as they were mixing, the cake mix started getting bigger and it didn't fit in the bowl anymore. So they had to mix the cake mix in a bathtub. That was the only place that would fit. And they had a fire on top of it? Well, no, they were still mixing it. So they mixed the cake mix with the antler in Carter's and Colton's bathtub until it was really, really good and then it wouldn't fit in the oven. So they had to make a campfire in their backyard safely having water at hand. And then they cooked the special cake on top of the campfire. And the cake kept getting bigger and bigger and bigger until the cake the cake. Yeah, there was like a little part of an antler hornet. The cake ended up being as big as the house that Carter lived in. It was the biggest cake in the world. How'd they cut it? Well, it kept getting bigger and bigger so they couldn't cut it. And then suddenly the cake exploded and splattered everywhere and it went all over the neighborhood. And do you know what pieces came out of the cake? What? Little cakes. The cake had cupcakes inside it. Every kid, without asking any the pants or anything or even some without spoons or forks or like socks and shoes on, they all came just running out for cake. Yeah, all the kids from Carter's neighborhood all came running around because they saw that there was this ginormous cake as big as a house that splattered everywhere and turned into yummy cupcakes. And the cupcakes tasted a little bit like special candy, like candy cane. And all of the kids were so happy and they were saying yay yay, yay. When suddenly parts of the cake that splattered began to float in the air. Did they go into bigger in the air? Well, when they went in the air, they started getting round and they started to look like balls. And there were 3000 million different pieces of cake balls that were going all over the air. And they were floating up and they started some kids were trying to jump to get the cake balls, but there was 3000 million of them. You couldn't get all of them. Hold on bud. And so they started to float all over the world to different kids and the cake that Carter made for his birthday. Some of the cake pieces which turned into balls, 3000 million balls, were floating on blocks and they would go all the way, special delivery to the houses of all the kids in the world. And it floated. The block floated. The 3000 million cake balls floated. And Carter got the biggest piece of all and ate it up and shared some with Colton and his parents. And all the kids in the world said yay. Happy birthday Carter. And Carter became the best kid in the whole world who got to give cake to everyone else. And Carter and Colton and his whole family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. If your kid's birthday is in January and you want me to make up a story for your kid, then go to Facebook.com Makeup Stories and follow the instructions in the top post for how to submit a story request. If your kid's birthday is not in January and they still want to participate in Makeup stories, then you can also follow the instructions on Facebook.com Makeup Stories and they can record an intro message or a thanks for listening message.