Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a king named King Jonah. King Jonah lived in a faraway kingdom where houses floated in the air, attached to balloons, and kids could make playgrounds appear and have robots bring them right to their location. In Jonah's Kingdom, grownups were not allowed to drive. Only kids could drive in the streets, and only power wheels were allowed. In Jonah's Kingdom, there was once a problem with ants going into a candy factory at the bottom of a mountain.

One day, King Jonah woke up and got out of his royal bed. When he looked up, he saw that the ceiling in his room had so many butterflies all over it. King Jonah knew what that meant. If butterflies were coming, it meant it was the day to go to the dentist. In Jonah's Kingdom, if a kid ever needed to go to a dentist, then lots of butterflies would come, and all of the butterflies would work together to pick up the kid and carry them all the way through the forest until they got to the snail dentist. The snail dentist lived underground in the forest in King Jonah's Kingdom and was friends with all of the butterflies because the butterflies used to give the snail dentist toothpaste and other toys. The snail dentist was in charge of fixing and cleaning the teeth of all the kids who lived in King Jonah's Kingdom.

Grownups that lived in King Jonah's Kingdom always had to do what the kids said because, in Jonah's Kingdom, the kids were in charge. If a grownup lost a tooth, then usually the kids would tell the grownup that they couldn't go to the regular snail dentist in the forest because the snail dentist was an expert on kids' teeth. Instead, grownups had to go to the Friendly Fox dentist. The Friendly Fox dentist lived in a house made of Lego in the center of the kingdom. The friendly Fox was a kid but was a kid fox that knew how to fix grownups' teeth because that kid fox watched a lot of videos about it, had read about it a little bit, and also did experiments on grownup teeth. So, the grownups would have to go to the kid fox's place to get their teeth fixed. Kids were able to get carried by the butterflies to the middle of the forest all the way to the snail.

King Jonah saw the butterflies on his ceiling and told everyone he was ready to go to the dentist. The butterflies all picked him up and flew him through the air. King Jonah waved to all of the people in the kingdom as he was in the air being carried by the butterflies. The people were pointing and saying, "Yay! Yay! It's Dentist Day!" Because all of the people who lived in King Jonah's kingdom knew that the snail dentist was the most fun dentist to go to because there were cool things that the snail dentist could do with a kid's teeth.

King Jonah got carried all the way through the forest, past the trees, along the winding rivers, over the waterfall, past the swamp that had the duckies that went quack quack, and all the way past the frog town, where all of the frogs in the kingdom used to play hopscotch and jump rope and do lots of hopping tricks. Finally, the butterflies landed Jonah safely in the snail chair. The snail chair was made out of a big, big snail shell. It was such a big snail shell that a person could fit in it. A lot of kids liked to go in the snail shell and play hide and go seek because there were different parts of the snail shell that they could crawl into. The snail shell wasn't just a good place to play hide and go seek because there were some secret compartments in the snail shell that had toys and treasures. There was even one compartment that had a TV and a computer that was playing Paw Patrol. Many kids liked to go to the snail dentist just to explore the snail shell.

King Jonah had explored the snail shell before, and he knew that the real fun was when you got to sit on the snail shell chair, and the fireflies started to fly in front of you so that there wouldn't be a big light shining in your face. The snail looked like a regular snail but had glasses. The snail also had some blue hair and whiskers that were made out of playdoh. The snail looked at King Jonah and said, "King Jonah, let me see your teeth." King Jonah opened up his mouth and said, "Ah." The snail dentist put his glasses down and told the fireflies to light up. The fireflies made a lot of light, and King Jonah thought it was very cool.

Just as he did that, the snail dentist said, "Okay, are you ready for me to take your teeth out?" King Jonah said, "Are my teeth ready to come out?" The snail said, "Yes, they are." Suddenly, magically, King Jonah's teeth came out without it even hurting a little bit. After the teeth came out, the snail told King Jonah that the new teeth wouldn't grow in for a long time, but if he waited long enough, the new teeth would be magical teeth. They would be the kinds of teeth that you could turn into dinosaur teeth if you wanted, alligator teeth, or even gold teeth if you really needed to. It wasn't a regular kind of tooth; it was a kind of tooth that looked like a person's front tooth. But because it took a little longer to make, those front teeth had a special power. If you just tapped on those teeth, they could turn into whatever kind of teeth, even lion teeth, that you wanted.

The snail dentist said to King Jonah, "Because you are the king, there will be an extra special power that you will have. If you say a number like eight or nine as you hold your new teeth, then what will happen is you'll turn that old, and it will be your birthday." Jonah realized that when his new teeth came in, he would be a king that had the power not only to make different kinds of teeth if he touched his teeth but also to be able to change how old he was and have a new birthday. All he had to do was touch the kinds of teeth that grew from where the snail took the old teeth out, and then he would become that old.

Jonah thanked the snail dentist, and the snail dentist told Jonah that he could have some crayons as a treat. Jonah saw that they were silly kinds of crayons that allowed you to color in the air and make any kind of picture with crayon. Even without paper, the crayon would just stick to the air. The butterflies carried King Jonah all the way back to his palace. King Jonah, the snail dentist, and everyone in his kingdom lived happily ever after. The end.