Once upon a time, there was a big boy named Bloggy, and Bloggy was eating meatballs for dinner. They were so yummy, and his mama said, "You should also eat some vegetables." And he had two vegetables on his plate. One was one carrot, and the other was another carrot. Well, Bloggy told his mama and his daddy that he only wanted to eat one carrot that night for dinner, and that the other one they should put in the ground to plant to see if it would grow into more carrots. And Bloggy's dadda said, "That is a very good idea." 

So Bloggy ate one of his carrots, and then he went outside in the backyard with his daddy and got a shovel. And Bloggy and his dadda started digging a hole in the ground, and they put one of the carrots in the hole, including carrot seed, and they covered up their hole with a lot of dirt that they got with their shovel. And after they covered it up, Bloggy went inside the house all the way to his bathtub and got a little bucket, and he filled the bucket up with water and carried it outside and spilled it on the pile of dirt because water helps plants grow. And Bloggy told his dad that they did a very good job planting the carrot and that the carrot would grow. 

That night, Bloggy went to sleep, and he had a very special dream about a furry white animal that dug holes in the ground. And the next day when Bloggy woke up, he went outside to check on his carrot, but it still didn't grow, and that was sad. So Bloggy put more water in it, and then he went on the bus to get to school. And when he was in school, he told his friend Foofy that he started to grow a carrot, and Foofy said that he wanted to go over to Bloggy's house to see the carrot that they were growing. So the next day, Bloggy and Foofy had a sleepover party. And in the morning, after they woke up and after they had a very yummy breakfast, they went outside to the backyard to check on the carrot, and they saw a little green thing coming out of the ground, and the green thing had an orange part on top. Foofy said to Bloggy, "Is that the carrot?" And Bloggy said, "It is. Yay." 

So Bloggy and Foofy went inside to tell Bloggy's dadda, and Bloggy's dadda said, "Hip hip hooray." And the next day, Bloggy went to check the carrot again, but this time there was a bite mark on the carrot, and part of the carrot was missing. Bloggy said, "Uh-oh," and he ran inside the house to tell his dad what had happened. His dadda held Bloggy's hand, and they went outside to take a look. And Bloggy's dadda said, "It looks like an animal might have bitten part of the carrot." And Bloggy said, "But we don't know what kind of animal, right?" And his dadda said yes. Bloggy said, "Let's go inside and get a magnifying glass, and then we could look at the bite mark closely and we could see what kind of animal bit it." 

So Bloggy went to school that day, and he asked his friend Foofy to borrow a magnifying glass. And Foofy said, "Okay." And Foofy went home with Bloggy from school, and they looked at the bite mark with the magnifying glass, and they decided that it was a rabbit bite mark. Bloggy asked his dadda what they should do, and his dad said, "Let's make a fence so that the rabbit can't get in and eat the carrot." So Bloggy and Foofy went with Bloggy's dad all the way to the fence store, and they had to choose different fences. Bloggy said it's important that they got a good fence that the rabbit couldn't go over. And so they got a tall, tall fence that the rabbit couldn't jump over. Then they went back to Bloggy's house, and they put the fence in the ground, and then they had dinner, and then they put on pajamas, and then they went to sleep. 

And the next day, they saw there was another bite in the carrot. And Bloggy said, "Uh-oh," and he showed his dad the bite in the carrot. And his dad said, "How could that even be? There was a fence there." And Bloggy and Foofy looked at the ground and they saw a hole right next to the carrot, and there was also a hole on the other side of the fence. So Bloggy told his dadda maybe the rabbit dug a hole under the fence to get to the carrot. And Foofy said, "That is not nice." So Bloggy and Foofy asked their dadda what they could do. And Foofy said that he has a nice doggie at his house and that Bloggy could borrow the doggie and leave the doggie out in his backyard. And then if the rabbit comes, then the doggie would say, "Woof woof." And the rabbit would be scared away. 

So they went over to Foofy's house and they brought the doggie back to Bloggy's house, and they left the doggie outside and went to sleep. But the next morning, they saw a lot of doggy poopoo in the yard. And Foofy said, "That is too much poopoo, and we don't want that much poopoo to be in our backyard, so maybe we should get a kitty cat." So they returned the doggie back to Foofy's house, and then Bloggy and Foofy went to the pet store with their mamas and daddas, and they got a nice, soft, furry orange kitty cat. And they told the kitty cat that it should stay at Bloggy's house in the backyard and it should wait outside during the whole night to see if a rabbit came. And if a rabbit came, then it should meow during the night while Bloggy and Foofy were sleeping they heard a meow, and they woke up and looked outside through the window. It was dark outside because it was nighttime, but they saw a white rabbit, and the rabbit looked scared because there was a cat next to it. 

So Bloggy and Foofy decided to save the rabbit by catching it in a box. They brought the rabbit inside in the box and told their parents. And their parents said, "Why are you even awake?" And they told their parents that the cat meowed. So they had to get the rabbit inside. And Bloggy's dad said, "Good thing you saved the rabbit. I think it was scared of the kitty cat." And Bloggy told his dad that the rabbit looked so hungry. And Bloggy's daddy said, "Well, rabbits do like to eat carrots, and we do have extra carrots in the fridge." So Bloggy and Foofy went to the fridge, and they got some carrots to feed to the rabbit. 

And then they had a special idea. Bloggy and Foofy decided to put a pile of carrots right next to the carrot that they were growing outside. And then they told the rabbit that it could only eat carrots from the pile and not the carrot that was growing in the ground. And the rabbit listened. And the rabbit kept coming back to Bloggy's house. And whenever Bloggy and Foofy would play there, they decided to start to pet the rabbit and say that it was a nice little rabbit, and the carrot that they were growing grew so big, and the rabbit didn't eat that. And Bloggy and Foofy and the rabbit lived happily ever after. The end.