My name is Lyra. I live in Chicago. Makeup Stores is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Beau, and I have a sister called Amelia, and I'm five years old. I live in the Ireland in Dublin, and I want to make story about a dinosaur, the zoo, and chocolate. My birthday is in the 10 February. I listen to makeup stories every night. Tell your friends. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Beau who lives in Dublin, Ireland, and who turns six years old today on February 10. And so we want to say happy birthday, Bo. Happy birthday, Bo. And Bo asked for us to make up a story that includes a dinosaur, a zoo, and chocolate. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six year old boy whose name was Beau. Beau and his little sister Amelia had some stuffy dinosaurs. And one day, while they were sleeping, beau and Amelia saw that their dinosaur stuffies came alive. The dinosaur stuffies started to walk around Bo and Amelia's room, and they woke up Bo, and they woke up Amelia. And they said, Come outside with us. And Bo and Amelia went outside in their backyard, following their dinosaur stuffy. The dinosaur stuffy told Beau that he had a kite. And the dinosaur stuffy started to use the kite and fly the kite by holding onto a string. And the wind, in the nighttime, blew the kite up. Beau held onto the string also, and he and his stuffy dinosaur were doing a really good job flying the kite. The kite was getting higher and higher, and Beau could see that if he didn't pull it back down, it would go all the way up to the moon. So Beau told the dinosaur stuffy, pull the kite back down, and the dinosaur it was a special kind of kite that had a really long string. It was like, imagine if you take dental floss and pull it all the way out and then attach it to another dental floss, and it just keeps going. What if you attach every dental floss? The whole that's what the dinosaur stuffy had. It had such a long string, the kite could go all the way to the moon. But Beau didn't want the kite to go all the way to the moon, because if it went all the way to the moon, then how would he get it back? He could just pull the string down. Oh. So the dinosaur told Beau it's okay if the kite goes to the moon, because we could just pull the string back down. And Bo said, okay. So they started to fly the special kite all the way up to the moon. When it got onto the moon, it got stuck on a rock. And the dinosaur stuffy told Beau they needed to climb up the string to get to the moon to get the kite unstuck. And Beau said, it wasn't safe for a kid to do that. And the dinosaur yeah, because the string could just come, and the dinosaur said he would do it. So the dinosaur started to climb all the way up the string, all the way to the moon, and got the kite, which was stuck on a rock in a moon crater, and the dinosaur shouted down to Beau from so far away on the moon. Bo, the kite's ready. Can you pull it down? And then the dinosaur went for a ride on the kite. As Beau started flying the kite back to his house, it was a little bit heavy. And after the kite got back to Beau's house, he saw that it was turning to morning time. When it was morning, all of the dinosaur Stuffy's friends kept coming, and they were knocking on Bo's door, and they were coming in the windows, and Beau and Amelia's house was getting full of dinosaur stuffies, and the dinosaur stuffies said, we want to play musical chairs. We want to play musical chairs. And Bo and Amelia said okay. And Bo and Amelia started to arrange a lot of chairs in a big circle, and they told the dinosaur stuffies that when the music goes, then they could walk around, but if the music stops, they have to sit in that seat. And they started to play some songs, and the dinosaurs were having so much fun playing musical chairs, and one and then they took away a chair, and one of the dinosaurs sat on Bo's lap. And another dinosaur was so silly because he sat right on top of Amelia's head, and that dinosaur stuffy was like, I am a crown. But really, he wasn't a crown, really. He was just a dinosaur stuffy. And then they took away another chair. And then Beau told the dinosaurs that he didn't want to make such a big mess in his house. And one of the dinosaur stuffies said that he had a really good idea. Beau said, what is it? And the dinosaur stuffy said, Popcorn. And Beau said, really? Dinosaur popcorn? And Amelia said, I've never heard of dinosaur popcorn before. And the Stuffy dinosaur said, no, silly goose, we're not going to make dinosaur popcorn. The way you make popcorn is you put some corn seeds in a microwave, and then you turn the microwave on, and it goes pop, pop, pop, and turns into popcorn. So the important thing is you need seeds to make popcorn. Well, the Stuffies told Beau and Amelia that he had chocolate seeds, and The Stuffy asked Bo and Amelia's mom if he could use the microwave. And Bo and Amelia's mom said okay. And the Stuffy put some chocolate seeds in the microwave, and Bo and Amelia's mom pressed the buttons on the microwave, and the microwave turned on. And do you know what happened? What? The chocolate seeds turned into chocolate popcorn. And then the dinosaur said, Yay. We made chocolate popcorn and a different stuffy dinosaur said, I also know how to make flowers in a microwave. And Beau said how? And that Stuffy Dinosaur brought in some flower seeds, and he said, all you have to do to make a flower is you put the flower seeds in the microwave, and then you turn the microwave on, and then it could turn into a popcorn flower. And then after it's a popcorn flower, you could plant the flower in the ground. And as the flower gets bigger and bigger, more and more popcorn will grow. Amelia had a good idea. Amelia said, It's time for us to plant some of the chocolate popcorn in the ground. And the Stuffies went outside with Bo and Amelia, and they dug a big hole, and they put so many chocolate popcorn seeds in the ground. And then Bo and Amelia went inside, and they told their mom they needed to turn on the bath to get some water. And Bo's mom said, Why do you need some water? And Bo and Amelia said, we need it to water the chocolate popcorn plant. And so their mom said, okay. And they got a little bucket from the bathtub and filled it up with water and brought it outside and poured it right in the hole where the chocolate popcorn seeds were. And do you know what happened? It started to grow and grow and grow, and more and more chocolate popcorn came out. And as more and more chocolate popcorn came out, all of the kids who lived in Dublin, Ireland, started to come over to Bo and Amelia's house, and everyone started to ask for chocolate popcorn. And Bo and Amelia said, okay, there's enough for everyone. And we are so good at sharing, so we will give everyone some popcorn. And all of the kids waited for turns, and Bo and Amelia were really good at sharing. But there was a problem. The chocolate popcorn plant was growing so high, it was growing all the way up to the moon. And then the stuffy dinosaur said, I have an idea. The idea that he had was to use the kite again. He said, we're going to fly the kite to the moon, and when it gets to the moon, it's going to get the popcorn flower to stop growing because it'll put it on top of the popcorn flower, and then the popcorn will come back to Earth, and we could have as much popcorn as we want. So that's what the Stuffy dinosaurs started to do. They flew the kite all the way to the moon. They blocked the top of the popcorn chocolate plant, and then all of the popcorn started to fall down, and it made a big mountain of popcorn right in the middle of Dublin, Ireland. Did everyone come and they tried to eat those right through? Yes. And all of the people in the whole of Ireland started to eat some of that yummy mountain made of chocolate popcorn. Yeah, but there was still too much, and so different kids had to come from all over the world to come and help, but there was still too much. And to this very day, there's a secret part of Dublin, Ireland, behind a store called Grocers that has a tunnel into the mountain, and Beau and Amelia were very excited to learn more about that. So they told their stuffy dinosaurs that they have to go to a pretend zoo in their room, and then they would go to that mountain of popcorn a different day. So the stuffy dinosaurs went back to Bo because it was getting to be late again, and they needed to go to sleep. So the stuffy dinosaurs went back into Bo and Amelia's room, and Bo and Amelia said good night, and they went to sleep and lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to Make Tip stories. If your birthday is in March and you want me to make up a story for you, then please visit Facebook.com Makeup stories and request a story. If your birthday is not in March but you still want to participate in makeup stories, then visit the Facebook page, and we'll tell you how andrea to say hello to Razel. And then in Alberta, Canada. And I want to say hello. My name is Jules, and I'm four I did say hello. Here we.