Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Alex. Alex was very excited because his mom and dad were taking him to the circus. He had never been to a circus before, but he heard that it was going to be lots of fun. So, Alex's parents drove him to the circus. They parked in the parking lot, and then they held Alex's hand. As they got some tickets, Alex could see a big blue tent, and there was a sign on top with a picture of magic. Alex asked his parents what the sign said, and they told him it was a magic circus.

So, Alex and his parents walked inside. They got some popcorn, and then they went to their seats. Once they got to their seats, Alex could see a big stage. On the stage, there was a person riding a unicycle, which is a bicycle with one wheel. While the person was riding the unicycle, someone threw blue, red, and green balls at him. He caught all of the balls and started to juggle. He was a very good juggler because the balls kept popping up in the air, and he juggled while riding his unicycle. Alex thought it was very cool.

Suddenly, an elephant came on the stage, and the unicycle man rode his unicycle right up the elephant's big blue trunk, which is like the elephant's nose. He rode the unicycle all the way up on top of the elephant's head and onto the elephant's back. When the man was on top of the elephant's back, he continued to juggle the red, yellow, and green balls. Alex told his parents that it was really cool.

The elephant started to walk around the stage, and the person was still riding the unicycle. As the elephant was walking, it found some very big shoes. The shoes were even bigger than people-sized shoes. The elephant put on the shoes as the man with the unicycle was still riding on top. Alex saw something special at the bottom of the shoes - mini rockets on each one of the elephant's shoes. Then, the man on the unicycle, who was juggling the colorful balls on top of the elephant's back, said, "Three, two, one, blast off!" Suddenly, the elephant's shoes with the rockets on them started blasting off, and they started floating in the air inside the circus tent.

The man with the unicycle was still on top of the elephant, and the crowd was cheering. Alex started to clap, but the man dropped all of his balls. After he dropped the juggling balls, they started rolling around the tent. The juggling balls looked magical because regular balls just rolled downhill. But these juggling balls were going up the steps, and one of the balls, the yellow one, went right to Alex and his parents. Alex picked up the yellow juggling ball, and then something amazing happened. The yellow juggling ball started to float in the air, and it carried Alex away from his seat all the way to the top of the stage where the elephant was.

Alex got an elephant ride, and he was sitting down on the elephant right next to the person who was on the unicycle. Alex was a little bit scared because he was high up on top of an elephant. But the man on the unicycle told him not to worry, that it was just nice magic, not scary magic. Just as he said that, the elephant started to get smaller. It was a big blue elephant, but it got smaller and smaller. When Alex was sitting on top of the elephant, it got so small that it changed shape and became the size of a horse. The horse that Alex was now riding on neighed, and that meant that the person who was riding the unicycle should go off of the horse because it was only time for Alex's ride.

The man on the unicycle rode down the horse's tail, and then Alex was on top of the horse. The horse stood up on its back legs, and Alex held on so he wouldn't fall off. When the horse was standing up, the whole crowd was cheering because they didn't know that a four-year-old boy could be part of the circus. Alex didn't know what to do, so he decided to give the yellow ball to the horse. He dropped the yellow ball, and the horse looked at it, and then the horse licked the yellow juggling ball. When the horse licked the yellow juggling ball, it started to grow a horn, and it turned into a unicorn with wings, called an alicorn. It started flying around the circus tent with Alex on top of it, and the whole crowd was cheering.

Alex could see that this was a magical circus. He flew on the alicorn all over the circus as different people started to do different jumping tricks. One person stood upside down on his hands, put his feet in the air, and then pushed down on the floor with his hands, starting to float in the air. Alex asked the unicorn how that was possible, and the unicorn told Alex that unicorns have magic. Because the unicorn was stomping on the floor, it made the floor a little bit floaty, like a magnet. The person doing a handstand on the floating floor was a different magnet, and it pushed him up.

Alex thought this was really cool, and he could hear his mom and dad clapping and saying that he did a good job. But he remembered that he had some popcorn he wanted to eat. So, Alex asked the unicorn if he could go off the ride for a little bit, and the unicorn said, "Okay." The unicorn flew with Alex all the way to his seat next to his parents. The unicorn dropped Alex off there, and Alex pet the unicorn and said, "Thank you." Then he sat with his parents.

When he looked at the popcorn, he saw that it was covered in caramel and some of it was covered in chocolate. It looked really yummy. So, Alex ate some of the popcorn. It tasted like sugar and was very yummy. As he ate a piece of popcorn and crunched it with his teeth, he could see that there were some fairies that started appearing in the popcorn bag. The fairies were hiding under some of the popcorn, so they started to fly out of the popcorn bag and flew all over the stage of the circus. They pulled out their magic wands and started to do some amazing magic tricks. The funniest thing was when they turned the circus tent into a big castle.

Alex thought this was the best circus ever. He told his parents that he wanted to stay for a while. Alex's parents said, "Okay." One of the fairies came over and turned Alex's seat into a bed, and Alex took a little nap with his family. Alex and his family lived happily ever after. The end.