Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Zelli. Go to the makeup story.com. My name is Alex. I'm in Kansas City. I want to make a story about a fairy unicorn, an outfit with a hat and shoes. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Alex who lives in Kansas City and who is four years old. And so we want to say hi, Alex. And Alex asked for us to make up a story that includes a fairy, a unicorn, and an elephant with hat and shoes. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Alex. Alex was very excited because his mom and his dad were taking him all the way to the circus. He had never been to a circus before, but he heard that the circus was going to be very fun. So Alex's parents drove Alex all the way to the circus. They parked in the parking lot, and then they held Alex's hand. As they got some tickets, alex could see there was a big blue tent, and there was a sign on top that had a picture of magic. Alex asked his parents what the sign said, and his parents said it was a magic circus. So Alex and his parents walked inside. They got some popcorn, and then they went to their seats. Once they got to their seats, alex could see that there was a big stage. On the stage, there was a person who was riding a unicycle. A unicycle is a bicycle with one wheel. While the person was riding the unicycle, somebody threw some blue and red and green balls at him, and he caught all of the balls, and he started to juggle. Well, he was a very good juggler because the balls kept popping up in the air, and he was able to juggle while he was on his unicycle. Alex thought it was very cool. Suddenly, an elephant came on the stage, and the unicycle man rode his unicycle right up the elephant's big blue trunk, which is like the elephant's nose. And he rode the unicycle all the way up on top of the elephant's head and on to the elephant's back. When the man who was riding the unicycle was on top of the elephant's back, he continued to juggle the red and yellow and green balls. And Alex told his parents that that was really cool. The elephant started to walk around the stage, and the person was still riding the unicorn. As the elephant was walking. Well, soon the elephant found some very big shoes. The shoes weren't people sized shoes. They were even bigger. And the elephant put on the shoes as the man with the unicycle was still riding on top. Alex saw in the bottom of the shoes that there was something kind of special. It looked like a mini rocket on each one of the elephant's shoes. And then the man on the unicycle, who was juggling. The colorful balls on top of the elephant's back said, three, two, one, blast off. And suddenly the elephant's shoes with the rockets on them started blasting off, and they started floating in the air in the circus tent. And the man with the unicycle was still on top of the elephant, and the crowd was cheering, and Alex started to clap, but the man dropped all of his balls. After he dropped the juggling balls, they started rolling around the tent. The juggling balls looked like they were kind of magical because regular balls, well, they just rolled downhill. But these juggling balls were going up the steps, and one of the balls, the yellow juggling ball, went right to Alex and his parents. Alex picked up the yellow juggling ball, and then you'll never believe what happened when he picked it up. The yellow juggling ball started to float in the air, and it carried Alex away from the seat all the way to the top of the stage where the elephant was. And Alex got an elephant ride, and he was sitting down on the elephant right next to the person who was on the unicorn. Alex was a little bit scared because he was high up. He was on top of an elephant. But the man on the unicycle told him not to worry, that it was just nice magic, not scary magic. But just as he said that, the elephant started to get smaller. It was a big blue elephant, but it got smaller and smaller. And when Alex was sitting on top of the elephant, the elephant got so small that and it changed shape so that it was the size of a horse. And then the horse that Alex was now riding on said, nay. And that meant that the person who was riding the unicycle should go off of the horse because it was only time for Alex's ride. Well, the man on the unicycle rode down the horse's tail, and then Alex was on top of the horse. The horse stood up on its back legs, and Alex held on so that he wouldn't fall off. When the horse was standing up, the whole crowd was cheering because they didn't know that a four year old boy could be part of the circus. Well, Alex really didn't know what to do. And so he decided to give the yellow ball to the horse. He dropped the yellow ball, and the horse looked at it, and then the horse licked the yellow juggling ball. When the horse licked the yellow juggling ball, it started to grow a horn, and it turned into a unicorn, and it started to grow wings. And it was a unicorn that could fly an alicorn. And it started flying around the circus tent with Alex on top of it. And the whole crowd was cheering. Alex could see that this was really a magical circus. And so he flew on the alicorn, the unicorn with wings all over the circus as different people started to do different jumping tricks. And one of the people stood upside down on his hands, and he put his feet all the way in the air. And then using his hands, he pushed down on the floor, and he started floating in the air. Alex asked the unicorn how that was possible. And the unicorn told Alex that unicorns have magic. And because the unicorn was stomping on the floor, it made the floor a little bit kind of floaty. It was almost like the floor was a magnet. And then the person who was doing a handstand on the floor that was floating in the air, he was a different magnet, and it pushed him up. Alex thought this was really cool, and he could hear his mom and his dad clapping and saying that he did a good job. But he remembered that he had some popcorn that he wanted to eat. So Alex asked the unicorn if he could go off the ride for a little bit, and the unicorn said, okay. And the unicorn flew with Alex all the way to Alex's seat next to his parents. The unicorn dropped Alex off there, and Alex pet the unicorn and said, thank you. And then he sat with his parents. And when he looked at the popcorn, he saw that the popcorn was covered in caramel, and some of the popcorn was covered in chocolate. It looked really yummy. So Alex ate some of the popcorn. It tasted like sugar. It was very yummy popcorn. And as he ate a piece of popcorn and numbed it up and crunched it with his teeth, he could see that there were some fairies that started appearing in the popcorn bag. The fairies were hiding under some of the popcorn, and so they started to fly out of the popcorn bag, and they flew all over the stage of the circus, and they pulled out their magic wands, and they started to do some amazing magic tricks. The funniest thing was when they turned the circus tent into a big castle. Alex thought this was the best circus ever. And so he told his parents that he wanted to stay for a while. And Alex's parents said, okay. And one of the fairies came over, and they turned Alex's seat into a bed, and Alex took a little nap with his family. And Alex and his family lived happily ever after. The end. I o NI. My name is Lauren. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Ask your parents to go to Makeup stories.com if you want to be the podcast.