Once upon a time, in a faraway land, there was a six-year-old boy who was a real king. His name was King Jonah, and he wore a crown and a royal cape that was red. He wore the cape around his neck just like Superman. But he was a king. In King Jonah's kingdom, there were rainbows coming out of fire hydrants, butterflies that picked people up, and power wheels that kids got to drive. There was also a skyquake where the stars and the moon started to shake in the sky. It was like an earthquake, but for the sky.

King Jonah was able to stop the skyquake by going through a secret maze and finding a treasure box that had an on and off switch. A unicorn stepped on the treasure box and turned the switch off. That's what stopped the skyquake. After the skyquake stopped, the whole kingdom celebrated for King Jonah. But King Jonah realized that after he turned the switch off, he became invisible, and nobody could see or hear him.

So, King Jonah was in front of his palace, saying, "Guys, guys, I'm here. Does anyone want to play with me?" Usually, because King Jonah was the king, many people wanted to play with him. But today, after he turned off the switch, he became invisible, and nobody could play with him or hear him. King Jonah was sad because he wanted to save the kingdom and not have the moon fall on it. But he didn't want to become invisible because then who could play with him and who could help him?

King Jonah had to figure out how to become visible again so people could see him. That's when he decided to walk all by himself to the unicorn farm in the far corner of his kingdom. As King Jonah walked through the streets, many people didn't even notice he was there. He would say, "Hi, look at me. Can everyone see me?" He would jump up and down on the street and do jumping jacks, but nobody would even look.

King Jonah went to one of the playgrounds that he made by himself. Many other kids came to the playground, and King Jonah was swinging on a swing. All the kids were like, "How is that swing moving by itself, and there's nobody on it?" Because the other kids couldn't see King Jonah since he was invisible.

But this was part of King Jonah's plan. He knew that if he went on a swing, people wouldn't be able to hear or see him, but they would see the swing moving. And usually, if people see a swing moving all by itself, they know they have to call a special kind of snugly cuddly bear named Babaloo. Babaloo was the bear in charge of the whole army in the kingdom, which was an army of friendly bears. The army loved honey and protected King Jonah's kingdom, making sure there was enough honey for everyone and for the candy factory to make different kinds of honey candy.

King Jonah was swinging on the swing, and all of his friends were like, "We need to call Babaloo the Bear. Babaloo the Bear will be able to solve this mystery for us." The kids ran around the kingdom, and King Jonah secretly smiled on the swing because he knew Babaloo, the head of his army, would find the answer.

Soon enough, the kids returned with a big Stuffy Bear named Babaloo. Babaloo was friendly, strong, and would give kids rides, cuddle with them, and even give them candy from the candy mountain. Babaloo was a great head of the army in King Jonah's Kingdom because he was a kid too, and in King Jonah's kingdom, a kid could be in charge of the army.

Babaloo the Stuffy went to the playground and saw the swing going up and down. He had an idea and told everyone, "Quick, we need to get a circle mirror." The kids found a circle mirror that had fallen from the sky during the skyquake. They brought it to the playground, and Babaloo put it in front of the swing. King Jonah's face could be seen in the mirror, even though he couldn't usually be seen. King Jonah was so happy because now everyone could see his reflection in the mirror, and Babaloo the Stuffy was saving the day.

All the kids were amazed, saying, "Wow, I can't see King Jonah on the swing, but I can see his reflection in the circle mirror that came from the other side of the moon, and I know he's there." Babaloo told King Jonah to jump off the swing, and he would catch him. King Jonah trusted Babaloo the Stuffy, so he jumped off the swing, and Babaloo caught him.

Babaloo the Stuffy carried King Jonah through the forest with all the butterflies and birds, all the way back to the Troll Bridge. Babaloo told King Jonah to go down to the magical troll himself. King Jonah carefully got down from Babaloo the Stuffy and went to the bottom of the Troll Bridge where the Friendly Troll lived. The troll was the only one who could see and hear King Jonah.

King Jonah told the troll, "When I pressed the off switch for the skyquake to stop the sky from shaking, I turned invisible. Can you make sure I become visible again?" The troll said, "But, uh-oh, if we turn the switch in the treasure box back on, there might be a skyquake. So you'd be visible, but the sky would be shaking again." King Jonah realized that was a big problem, but he also didn't want to be invisible forever, so he had to choose what to do.

King Jonah remembered that the troll had once used a golden leaf from a nearby tree. He asked Babaloo the Stuffy to lift him up, and he reached for a different silver leaf on the tree. The silver leaf was shiny like a mirror. King Jonah brought it down to the troll, who said King Jonah had solved the mystery. The troll put the silver leaf on King Jonah's cape, and slowly, King Jonah became visible again.

King Jonah told everyone in his kingdom that he was so happy to be visible again and that they didn't have to turn the skyquake back on. Everyone in the kingdom was so happy, and they decided to have an applesauce party where they filled big pools in the palace with applesauce. They swam in the applesauce, and afterward, they took showers. There were also pools full of chocolate pudding, jello, and other fun things for kids.

There was a strawberry pool with a straw, and there was always a contest to see which kid could drink the most strawberry juice from the pool. All the kids in King Jonah's kingdom were celebrating that he was back to play with them. King Jonah, the six-year-old king, and all the people in the kingdom lived happily ever after. The end.