1. For the extraction task:

Once upon a time, in a faraway land, there was a six-year-old boy who was a real king. His name was King Jonah, and he wore a crown and a royal cape that was red. And he wore the cape around his neck just like Superman. But he was a king. And in King Jonah's kingdom, there were rainbows that came out of fire hydrants, there were butterflies that picked people up, there were power wheels that kids got to drive. And there was a skyquake where the stars and the moon started to shake in the sky. It was like an earthquake, but for the sky. King Jonah was able to stop the skyquake by going through a secret maze and finding a treasure box that had an on and off switch. And a unicorn stepped on the treasure box and turned the on and off switch off. And that is what stopped the skyquake. Well, after the skyquake stopped, the whole kingdom was celebrating for King Jonah. And King Jonah realized that after he turned the switch off that stopped the skyquake, he became invisible, and nobody could see him and nobody could hear him. And so he was right in front of his palace and he was saying, guys, guys, I'm here. Does anyone want to play with me? And usually because King Jonah was the king, there were so many people that wanted to play with him. But today after he turned that off switch, he became invisible and nobody was able to play with him and nobody could hear him. King Jonah was kind of sad because King Jonah did want to save the kingdom and not have the moon fall on it. But he didn't want to become invisible because then who could play with him and who could help him? Well, King Jonah had to figure out how to get visible again so people could see him. And that is when King Jonah decided that he would walk all by himself to the unicorn farm in the far corner of his kingdom. So King Jonah started to walk through the streets and there were so many people who didn't even notice that he was there. King Jonah would say, hi, look at me. Can everyone see me? And he would be jumping up and down on the street and doing jumping jacks and nobody would even look. And then King Jonah went to one of the playgrounds that he made by himself. And a lot of other kids came to the playground and King Jonah was swinging on a swing. And all the kids were like, how is that swing moving by itself and there's nobody on it? Because the other kids couldn't see King Jonah because he was invisible. But this was part of King Jonah's plan, because King Jonah knew that if he went on a swing, then everyone wouldn't be able to hear him and they wouldn't be able to see him, but they would see the swing moving. And usually if people see a swing moving all by itself, they know that they have to call a special kind of snugly cuddly bear named Babaloo. Babaloo was the bear who was in charge of the whole army in the kingdom, because the army in King Jonah's kingdom was an army of friendly bears. And the army loved honey so much. And the army used to protect King Jonah's kingdom and make sure that in the rivers there was enough honey for everyone, and that there was enough honey that went to the candy factory to make different kinds of honey factory honey candy. And King Jonah was swinging on the swing, and all of the friends were like, we need to call Babaloo the Bear. Babaloo the Bear will be able to solve this mystery for us. And then the kids ran around the kingdom, and King Jonah was smiling secretly, and nobody could see him smile on the swing because King Jonah knew that Babaloo, the head of his army, would really know the answer. Soon enough. The kids returned and they were walking with a big Stuffy. And the Stuffy Bear looked like a Stuffy Bear, but it could really move by itself, and it looked strong. And the Stuffy Bear was so friendly and would give kids rides. And the Stuffy Bear liked to cuddle with kids. And even the Stuffy Bear would give kids candy from the candy mountain. And Babaloo was such a nice head of the army of King Jonah's Kingdom, because not only was Babaloo a Stuffy, but he was also a kid. And in King Jonah's kingdom, a kid could be in charge of the army. Well, Babalu the Stuffy went to the playground, and Babalu the Stuffy saw the swing going up and down, and Babalu the Stuffy had an idea. Babalu the Stuffy told everyone, quick, we need to get a circle mirror. And then everyone, all of the kids were like, where do we get a circle mirror from? And one of the kids realized that during the sky quake, there was a mirror that fell from the sky, and that was a circle mirror. And that's the kind of mirror that's usually on the other side of the moon, because if the moon turns around, then there's a big mirror and you can see what's happening on Earth if you look up at the moon. Well, that mirror fell down, and there was a small circular piece of it. And when that mirror fell down, when that mirror fell down, king Jonah told Babalu that he was there, and Babalu still couldn't hear him. So Babalu picked up the circle mirror and put it in front of the swing. And King Jonah was his face could be seen in the mirror, even though he couldn't regularly be seen. And King Jonah was so happy because now everyone could see his reflection in the mirror. And Babaloo the Stuffy, the king of the army of the bears was really saving the day. And then all of the kids were like, wow, I can't see King Jonah on the swing, but I could see his reflection in the circle mirror that came from the other side of the moon, and I know he's there. And Babaloo told King Jonah that he would open up his hands and that he should jump off the swing and Babaloo would catch him. And king Jonah knew to trust Babalu the stuffy. So King Jonah jumped off of the swing, and Babaloo the Stuffy carried Jonah even though he could only see him with the mirror. And then Babalu the Stuffy carried King Jonah through the forest with all of the butterflies and the birds all the way back to the Troll Bridge. And Babalu the Stuffy brought King Jonah to the Troll Bridge and told King Jonah that he could go down to the magical troll himself. And King Jonah got down very carefully from Babalu the Stuffy and he went to the bottom of the Troll Bridge where the Friendly Troll lived. And the troll was the only one that was able to see King Jonah and hear King Jonah. So King Jonah told the troll, when I pressed the off switch for the sky quake to stop the sky from shaking, I turned invisible. Can you make sure that I become visible again? And the troll said, but, uhoh, emergency. If we turn the switch in the treasure box back on, there might be a sky quake. And so you'd be visible, people would be able to see you, but the sky would be shaking again. And King Jonah realized that was a big problem. But he also didn't want to be invisible forever, so he had to choose what to do. And then King Jonah remembered that the troll last time got a golden leaf from the tree that was near there. And so King Jonah went back to Babalu the Stuffy and asked Babalu the Stuffy to pick him up. And Babalu. The stuffy lifted. King Jonah using his arms. And King Jonah reached for a different silver leaf on the tree. And the silver leaf was kind of like a mirror. It was shiny. And King Jonah brought that down to the troll. And the troll said that King Jonah solved the mystery. The troll put the silver leaf on King Jonah's cape. And then slowly, first King Jonah's red cape became visible. And then it got up to his shiny gold crown. And then you could see King Jonah's golden boots. And you could see King Jonah's special silk pajamas. And you can also start to see King Jonah's beautiful eyes. And King Jonah told everyone in his kingdom that he was so happy to be visible again and that they didn't have to turn the sky quake back on. And everyone in the kingdom was so happy and they decided to have an applesauce party where they filled big pools in the palaces of this kingdom with applesauce. And then they would swim in the applesauce, and afterwards they would take showers. And there was also pools full of chocolate pudding and jello and different kinds of things that kids might like. Yeah, bud. Also with some that were called the splash of pools, where there was something like full of strawberry juice and you have to jump and the record is to try and drink the whole entire pool. Well, there was a strawberry pool, but the record was there was a straw in the strawberry pool and there was always a contest of which kid could drink the most strawberry juice from the strawberry pool. In any event, all of the kids in King Jonah's kingdom were celebrating that he was back to play with them. And King Jonah, the six-year-old king and all of the people in Kingdom lived happily ever after. The end. 

2. For correction task:

(No corrections needed as the extracted text has correct grammar and punctuation.)