Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big boy named Leo. One day, Leo was walking outside in a big field of grass, and as he was walking, he stepped on a magic lantern. Leo looked down and saw that the magic lantern was shiny and made of gold. He picked it up and told his mom, "Mom, come look. I found a magic lantern." His mom looked at the magic lantern and said, "Leo, let's take this home." So Leo and his mom held the magic lantern and carried it home together.

When they got to Leo's house, Leo told his dad that they found a real magic lantern. His dad asked, "Do you think we should try it out?" Leo replied, "I don't know." His dad suggested, "Let's try it out." Leo agreed, "Dad, let's do it together. And mom, let's do it together too." Leo, his mom, and his dad bent down on the floor and rubbed the magic gold lantern. As they rubbed it, a cloud started to come out of the magic lantern, making their house very foggy. Suddenly, fireflies appeared, making little points of light in the fog. The fireflies made different colored lights, and music started to play. It sounded like "London Bridge is Falling Down."

Just as the music started to play, a big blue genie came out of the foggy cloud and sat down on a bridge made of Lego. The Lego bridge was floating in the air with the genie on top of it. The genie asked Leo, "Did you just find this special lantern?" Leo said that he did, with his parents' help. The genie told Leo, "Well, now I have to tell you something very good." Leo asked, "What is it?" The magic genie said, "Leo, you, your dad, and your mom now have magic powers. One magic power you have is that when your parents light a candle for your birthday and you blow it out, a baby dragon will come out of the candle."

Leo excitedly said, "I want to try that." The genie agreed and said, "Okay." With a "poof," a birthday cake appeared on the dining room table. The cake had whipped cream on top and colorful rainbow sprinkles all over it. There was a lit candle on the cake. Leo asked his parents, "Can I blow out the candle even though we didn't say happy birthday yet?" His parents said yes. Leo blew out the candle, and a little dragon came out of the flame. The little dragon was friendly and flew onto Leo's hand. The dragon told Leo that it wanted to be his friend and protect him if he ever got scared. Leo agreed and let the dragon sit on his shoulder.

The genie said, "That is such a good dragon." Leo's mom asked the genie, "What else can you do that's magical?" The genie replied, "Watch this." He said, "Poof. Poof kapoof." Suddenly, their house turned into a castle filled with toys. There was even a toy store inside the castle where all the toys were free. Leo could get as many as he wanted. The castle also had a pool for Leo to splash, jump, and swim in with his parents' help. There was a slide from the top of the castle to the bottom, where it landed in a pile of soft foam balls. From there, kids could go on an obstacle course, climbing ladders, going through tunnels, and climbing ropes and structures. It was the most fun castle ever. A long line of kids waited outside Leo's new castle, knocking on the door and asking to come in and play. Leo asked his parents if they could let the kids in, and his parents agreed.

The genie told Leo, "I want to tell you about a new power I'm going to give you." Leo asked, "What's that power?" He wanted it to be a special power. The genie explained, "Leo, I'm going to give you boy power, and I'll give all the girls girl power. Boys with boy power can choose to be a prince or a princess, and girls with girl power can choose to be a princess or a prince. You can always trade powers." Leo wasn't sure, but the genie opened the door, and everyone got the power they wanted. Leo got boy power and became a prince. Some girls got girl power and became princesses. One of Leo's friends got dragon power and became friends with the dragon too. Another girl got firefly power, and her eyes sparkled with colorful firefly lights.

Leo thanked the genie and told his parents they could go back to their regular house another day. Leo had so much fun with all the kids in the castle, and he and his parents lived happily ever after. The end.