Hi. My name is Leo. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Thank you. Tell your friends. Hi. My name is Leo. I'm four years old, almost five on February 18. I live in Allentown, Pennsylvania. I like a story about a dragon, raccoon, and boy power. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Leo, who lives in Allentown, Pennsylvania, and who turns five years old tomorrow on February 18. And so we want to say happy birthday, Leo. And Leo asked for us to make up a story that includes a dragon and a raccoon and boy power, which is like girl power, but for boys. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big boy whose name was Leo. Leo was walking outside in a big field of grass, and as he was walking, his foot stepped on a magic lantern. Leo looked down, and he saw that the magic lantern was shiny and made of gold. He picked it up, and he told his mom, mom, come look. I got a magic lantern. And his mom looked at the magic lantern and said, leo, let's bring this home. So Leo and his mom held the magic lantern, and they carried it home together. When they got to Leo's house, leo told his dad that they got a real magic lantern. And Leo's dad said, do you think we should try it out? And Leo said, I don't know. And Leo's dad said, let's try it out. And Leo said, dad, let's do it together. And mom, let's do it together. And Leo and his mom and his dad bent down on the floor, and they rubbed the magic gold lantern. And as they rubbed it, they saw that there was a cloud that started to come out of the magic lantern. It looked very foggy all over their house. And suddenly there started to be some fireflies that would make little points of light in the fog. And the fireflies made different color lights. And suddenly there was some music that started to play, and it sounded like London Bridge is falling down, falling down, falling down. And just as the music started to play, there was a big blue genie that came out of the cloud of fog and started to sit down on a bridge which was made out of Lego. And the Lego bridge was floating in the air with the genie on top of it. And the genie said, leo, did you just find this special lantern? And Leo said that he did with his parents. And the genie said, well, now I have to tell you something very good. And Leo said, what is it? And the magic genie said to Leo, well, Leo, you now have some magic powers, and your dad has those magic powers, and your mom has those magic powers. And one magic power that you have is if your parents light a little candle for you and you see a little bit of fire on top of the candle and then you blow out the candle for your birthday. Do you know what happens? And Leo said, what happens when I blow out a candle for my birthday? And the big blue genie who is sitting on the floating Lego bridge amidst the cloud that was in Leo's house and right in front of all the colorful fireflies which were making little dots of colorful light. Well, that genie said to Leo, leo, when you blow out a candle with your new magic powers, you will see a baby dragon come out of the birthday cake candle. And Leo said, I want to try that. And the genie said, okay. And he said, Poof. And just as he said poof leo saw that there was a birthday cake and it floated right onto the table, which was in the dining room. And the birthday cake had whipped cream on top and there were some colorful rainbow colored sprinkles all over it. And there was a candle that was lit. And Leo said, Guys, can I blow out the candle even though we didn't say happy birthday yet? And Leo's parents said yes. And he blew out the candle. And a little dragon came out of the fire on top of the candle, which he blew out. And the little dragon was a nice dragon. And it went flying through the air right onto Leo's hand because Leo put his hand out to help catch the dragon. And the dragon told Leo that he wanted to be Leo's friend and to protect him if he ever got scared. And Leo said, okay. And Leo told the dragon that he could jump off of his hand and onto Leo's shoulder. And the dragon did that. And the dragon was a little dragon on Leo's shoulder. And he was a nice dragon who would always protect Leo. The genie said, that is such a good dragon. And Leo's mom asked the genie, what else can you do that's magical? And the genie said, Watch this. And he said, Poof. Poof kapoof. And just as the genie said, Poof, poof capoof. They saw that their house turned into a castle. And in the castle, there were so many toys the castle had so many toys that there was a whole toy store inside the castle. And all of the toys were free. And Leo could get as many as he wanted. And Leo told the genie that this was such a good castle because it also had a pool that Leo was able to splash in and to jump in and to swim in with his parents help. And the castle also had a slide where you could slide from the top of the castle down to the bottom of the castle into a bunch of foam soft balls. And then you could get up from the soft foam balls and you could go on an obstacle course and climb up ladders and go through tunnels and go down ropes and climb back up climbing structures. It was probably the most fun castle that was ever around anywhere. And there was a long line of kids outside of Leo's new castle that the genie made for him. And all of the kids were knocking on the door and saying, let me in. Let me in because we want to play. And Leo asked his parents if his parents could let them in the castle. And Leo's parents said, okay. And the genie said, Leo, I want to tell you about a new power that I'm going to give you. And Leo said, what's that power? And Leo told the genie that he wanted it to be such a special power. And the genie said, Leo, I am going to give you boy power, and I'm also going to give all the girls girl power. And boys who have boy power could choose if they want to be a prince or a princess. And girls who have girl power could choose if they want to be a princess or a prince. And whatever power you get, you can always trade it. And Leo said, Well, I'm not so sure. And the genie said, look. And the genie opened the door, and then anybody was able to get whatever power they wanted. And Leo got boy power and turned into a prince. And some of the girls got girl power and turned into a princess. But really, anyone was able to have whatever power they wanted to have. And Leo had a friend who even got dragon power, and that friend was able to become friends with the dragon, too. And there was a different girl who decided she wanted firefly power. And when she got firefly power, there became like, little fireflies in her eyes. So if you looked at her eyes, she could do firefly trick and make it colorful in her eyes, and everyone was able to get such special powers. And Leo said, thank you so much to the genie. And he told his parents that they'll just go back to their regular house a different day. And Leo had so much fun with all of the kids in the castle, and Leo and his parents lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. The best podcast ever. Sorry, friends. Hi, my name is Max. I live in Denmark, and I want to say hello to Luca. Hello. My name is Adam Irish in Geneva, Switzerland. Say hello to Hannah. It.