Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Usually, when you look up at the sky, sometimes it's blue. Sometimes you might see some clouds, and sometimes, like at sunset, the clouds might have some colors in them. If it's nighttime, the sky might be dark, and you might even see some stars or the moon. But what you never see is clouds that are made of fire because regular clouds are white or gray and have rain in them.

One day, when Jonah and Jesse were taking a pajama walk in the afternoon, they looked up and saw that there were clouds made of fire. They heard some thunder, and it started to rain fire. As the fire started to come down on top of the world, it looked like salt. It was like the signs of salt, like sparks. The fire drops were like sparks that were going down from the clouds. As the sparks from the clouds got all the way down to Earth, Jesse said, "We need to get umbrellas that aren't regular umbrellas but are made of tinfoil or something like that. Or titanium." But before they could, they realized titanium would be too heavy. Something that they would want is tinfoil under metal.

Jesse suggested, "Let's get some tinfoil umbrellas with good metal on them, even though tinfoil is metal." But what they noticed was that all of the sparks that were falling down turned into genies. That is actually how genies are born. Genies are born because people wonder where genies come from. Genies can sometimes be found by rubbing lanterns. But the way genies are actually born is from these fire clouds. They start off as little sparks, and then there's only been one other fire cloud, and they go all over the world. That's what's hard to find them these days.

These days it's really hard to find genies because there had only been sparks that went down, and all the genies were buried in forests. A worn, tired dump truck gathered them up and then buried them. Some of them went all the way to the opposite side of the world. Some of them went into caves. Some of them got stuck in lanterns and then got tumbled into ancient places. That's why it's not so easy to find genies today.

But these genies that were born from the sparks were baby genies. Baby genies are not like regular genies because, first of all, they wear diapers. Regular, big genies are like grown-ups and don't need to wear diapers. But the baby genies that come from these sparks wear diapers. The other thing is, the genies think the first thing they see is their mama. They saw Jesse and Jonah because they were on a pajama walk when it was raining the sparks that turned into the genies. All of the genies were like, "Jesse, Jonah, are you our mama?" And they started to fly and run right next to Jesse and Jonah.

Jesse and Jonah rushed in their pajamas all the way back into their house and shut the door as fast as they could. But then the genies just went right through the door. The genies could go right through doors, so all of the genies rushed into Jonah and Jesse's house. Do you know what genies like to eat most of all? They like to eat toothpaste. So the genies were sniffing all over the house with their noses, smelling for toothpaste. They rushed into Jonah and Jesse's bathroom and found the toothpaste. The genies opened up the toothpaste and started eating it up.

Now, genies don't grow like regular people. Regular people take a long time to grow, but genies, when they eat toothpaste, get really big. They just grow big. The genies didn't yet know so much, so one of the genies thought that a book was where it should stay. Jonah and Jesse had a book with a genie in it, and only one of them found a lantern to go in.

The genies got really big but were still kind of babies. Even though their bodies were bigger, they still had to wear diapers. They wanted Jonah and Jesse to push them around in strollers everywhere. There were probably 30 different genies. They said, "Poof!" and they invented 30 different strollers. Jonah and Jesse were busy playing with some magnet tiles, but then suddenly all of the genies started crying at the same time. When regular people cry, it's like "wow." That's how regular genies go. When genies cry, instead of going "wow" like people do, they laugh. You think they're happy, but they were actually sad because they wanted Jonah and Jesse to push them and give them stroller rides.

The problem was there were 30 different genies and only one Jonah and one Jesse. The genies decided to make extra arms grow on Jonah and Jesse so that they had arms growing out of everywhere. There was an arm on top of Jonah's head, which didn't look very nice. But there was a genie that wanted to be carried on top of Jonah's head, and that's why it made an arm on top of Jonah's head. The other genies all wanted Jonah and Jesse to push them in a stroller at the same time.

There were other genies, like three of the genies, that were misbehaving a little bit. All they wanted to do while the other genies were being pushed in the strollers was to play Ring Around a Rosie. But when genies fall down, they bounce. They fall on the floor and bounce up to the ceiling, then fall back to the floor, bounce back up to the ceiling, and fall back down. They just go up and down.

The genies were making such a big mess in Jonah and Jesse's house, bouncing up and down when suddenly the sun came out, and the fire cloud went away. All of the genies looked up and then suddenly disappeared. Jonah and Jesse didn't know where they went, and they never did solve that mystery. But they always kept an eye out for the rest of their lives to see if there were any fire clouds. The problem is the genies live in that cloud, so whenever it goes away, they just float to it and go away.

Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.