Aya Idai. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is White. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the club. Makeup stories, club rolly. Polly AI. Okay, Jesse, what do you want? Tonight's Makeup story to be about a water bottle that doesn't make you drink water. Instead, there's water in it. That one. You put your mouth on it, the water turns into potion that turns you into a rat. Okay. This story is about a water bottle where when you drink it, it's not water that comes out of it but it's a magical potion that turns you into a rat. Once upon a time, a long time ago there were two kids whose names were Jonah and Jesse. And normally, if you look outside and you look up at the sky, sometimes the sky will be blue. And sometimes you might see some clouds. And sometimes, like, if it's sunset, the clouds might have some colors in them. And if it's nighttime, the sky might be dark and you might even see some stars or the moon. But what you never see is clouds that are made up of fire because regular clouds are white or gray and there's rain in them. But one day, when Jonah and Jesse were taking a Pajama walk in the afternoon, they looked up and they saw that there were clouds that were made of fire. And they heard some thunder, and it started to rain fire. And as the fire started to come down on top of the world, that meant, like, salt. It was like the signs of salt. Like sparks. Yeah, it was like a bunch of like instead, the fire drops were, like, sparks that were going down from the clouds. And as the sparks from the clouds got all the way down to Earth, Jesse was like, we need to get umbrellas that aren't regular umbrellas but are made of, like, tinfoil or something like that. Or titanium. But before they could, titanium would be too heavy. Something that you would want is tinfoil under metal. Yes. Jesse was like, let's get some tinfoil umbrellas with kind of good metal on it, even though tinfoil is metal. But what they noticed is all of the sparks that were falling down, they turned into genies. And that is actually how genies are born. Genies are born because people wonder, where do genies come from? And genies, you could sometimes find them by rubbing lanterns. But the way genies are actually born is from these fire clouds. And they start off as little sparks. And then there's only been one other fire cloud and they go all over the world. And that's what's hard to find them these days. Yeah, exactly. These days it's really hard to find genies because there'd only been sparks go down and all the genies were buried and forced. A torn, tired dump truck gathered them up and then it buried them. And then also, the ones that survived oh, no. Some of them went all the way to the opposite side of the world. Some of them went into caves. Some of them got stuck in lanterns and then they got tumbled into this ancient place. Yeah. And so that's why it's not so easy to find genies today. But these genies that were born from the sparks, they were baby genies. And baby genies are not like regular genies because first of all, they wear diapers. Regular, big genies, they're like grown ups and stuff. And so they don't need to wear diapers and stuff. But the baby genies that come from these sparks, they wear diapers. And the other thing is, the genies, the first thing that they see, they think that's their mama. And so they saw Jesse and Jonah because they were on a Pajama Walk. And that's where it was, like, raining the sparks that turned into the genies. And all of the genies were like, jesse, Jonah, are you our mama? And they started to like all of the genies started to fly and started to run right next to Jesse and Jonah. So Jesse and Jonah rushed in their pajamas all the way back into their house and they shut the door as fast as they could. But then the genies just went right through the door. Yeah, the genies, that didn't stop them at all because genies could go right through doors. So all of the genies rushed into Jonah and Jesse's house. And do you know what genies like to eat most of all? Maybe they like to eat stuff crunched up because it's almost like something like dead. And if it's dead, like a ghost, then you could eat it. Toothpaste. They like to eat toothpaste. So much. So the genies, they were sniffing all over the house with their nose. They're going and they were smelling some coldas that can talk. And the genies were sniffing all over the house because they could smell toothpaste even when they're babies. And the genies were sniffing for the toothpaste. And they rushed into Jonah and Jesse's bathroom and they found the toothpaste. And the genies opened up the toothpaste and they started eating it up. Now, genies, now, genies don't grow like regular people. Regular people, they take a long time to grow. But genies, right, when they eat toothpaste, they get really big. They just go big. And then the genies, they didn't yet know so much. So they just thought one of the genies thought that a book was where it should stay in. And now Jonah, Jesse's, got a book to with a genie and only one of them found a lantern to go in. Yes. So the genies, they got really big but they were still kind of babies. Like, even though their bodies were bigger, they still had to wear diapers. And so they wanted Jonah and Jesse to push them around in strollers everywhere. And so the genies there was probably like 30 different genies. They said, poof. And they invented 30 different strollers. And then Jonah and Jesse, they were busy playing with some magnet tiles. But then suddenly all of the genies started crying at the same time. And when regular people cry, it's like, wow. That's how regular genie goes. Well, actually so when genies cry, instead of going wow. Like people do and instead of going genie's laugh. Yeah. And so you think they're happy, but they were actually sad because they wanted Jonah and Jesse to push them and give them stroller rides. But the problem was there was 30 different genies and there was only one Jonah and one Jesse. And the genies decided to make time. There was at first, Jonah and Jesse thought they were going to have to every single hail was going to have to push on their tongue was going to have to push on every single finger, every single toe. It would be really hard. Yeah. But the genies, what they did is they made extra arms go on Jonah and Jesse. So that Jonah and Jesse, they had arms growing out of everywhere, but there was an arm up the head which didn't look very nice. Yeah, it didn't look very nice. But there was a genie that wanted to be carried on top of Jonah's head and that's why it made an arm on top of Jonah's head. And the other genies all wanted Jonah and Jesse to push them in a stroller at the same time. And then there were other genies. There was like three of the genies were kind of like misbehaving a little bit. And all they wanted to do while the other genies were being pushed in the strollers was to play Ring Around a Rosie. But when genies fall down, what happens is they bounce. So they fall on the fall. When you say ring around a rosy pocket full of posy ashes, ashes we all fall down. The genies fall down and then they bounce up to the ceiling and they fall back to the floor, bounce back up to the ceiling, fall back down they just go like this. Yeah, they just go up and down. And so the genies were making such a big mess in Jonah and Jesse's house, balancing up and down, when suddenly the sun came out and the fire cloud went away and all of the genies looked up and then suddenly they just disappeared. And Jonah and Jesse didn't know where they went. And they never did solve that mystery, but they always kept an eye out for the rest of their lives to see if there is any fire clouds. The problem is they live in that cloud. So whenever it goes away, they just float to it. They just go away. Yes. Okay. And Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Avia. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the club. Tell your friends. Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of makeup stories. And I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird. AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www. Dot Storybird. Dot AI again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www. Dot Storybird. AI it's really easy to use.