Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Charles. Charles lived in a giant castle that reached all the way to the clouds. Inside the castle, there was a unique elevator. The elevator was shaped like a ball, and kids and grownups could go inside. To make the elevator move, you had to jump up and down, and then the ball would start rolling around. A big thing would come, pick up the ball, and take it like an elevator with people inside to wherever in the castle they wanted to go.

One day, Charles wanted to go under the castle because his mom, the queen, told him there was a secret swimming pool there. Charles had lived in the castle his whole life, but he had never seen this secret pool, and he really wanted to. So Charles and his mom got in the elevator, and he started to jump up and down. The elevator knew where he wanted to go. The ball rolled around back and forth, here and there, up and down, until it found a secret tunnel that took them under the castle. When the ball's door opened, Charles and his mom saw the secret swimming pool. The water was pink because of pink food coloring. Inside the pool, many different animals jumped in and out of the water.

For every type of bird on earth, there's another kind of sea creature just like it. Long ago, there used to be dragons. Dragons had wings and looked like birds. Most dragons could breathe fire. In Charles's pool, there was a sea dragon. The sea dragon lived underwater and couldn't breathe fire, only pink food coloring. Charles thought the sea dragon made the pool so pink.

Charles told his mom he wanted to swim in the pool with some floaties. His mom asked, "How will we do that?" Just then, Charles saw a secret rope hanging from the ceiling. He told his mom they should pull it. Charles grabbed the rope and pulled it down. A big bell went ding, ding, ding above the pool. As the bell rang, a door next to the pool opened, revealing a cave. Inside the cave, there was a horse. This horse had fins and flippers and could swim like a fish.

Charles thought he was supposed to ride the horse in the water because it looked like a fish horse. His mom agreed, saying he had discovered a new kind of horse. Regular horses have four legs, no flippers, and no fins. They aren't as good at swimming as fish. But this horse was half horse, half fish, and excellent at floating. So Charles and his mom got on the horse, and it jumped into the pink pool. It swam around, much faster than a person, and they raced from one side of the pool to the other.

Then the sea dragon came out of the water and asked, "Charles, can I race you and the horse?" Charles said, "Okay," because it was a friendly sea dragon. The sea dragon said, "Ready, set, go." Charles and his mom raced the horse to the other side of the pool. The sea dragon started off faster, but Charles urged his horse to go faster and faster. In the end, Charles, his mom, and the horse won the race. The sea dragon told Charles he needed to change the pool's color from pink to yellow. Charles asked, "How can you do that?" The sea dragon opened its mouth and spat out yellow food coloring. The pool turned yellow.

The sea dragon wanted to race again. Charles agreed, and when the water was yellow, the sea dragon said, "Ready, set, go." It turned out sea dragons swim better in yellow water. In this race, Charles and his mom started off ahead with the horse. They swam as fast as they could to the other side of the pool. They were ahead of the dragon when suddenly it used sea dragon speed and caught up with them. They reached the other side at the same time, and Charles declared, "It's a tie." The horse agreed.

In a tie in a yellow pool under a castle, there's a special dance party rule. Everyone has to get out of the water, and they have to put disco lights in the pool area. There must be lots of different colored lights on the ground, ceiling, and walls. The dots of light have to dance around. All the people and animals need to dance. Charles and his mom did their silliest dance. The sea dragon did the silliest sea dragon dance because it spat bubble food coloring when it lifted its feet. There were yellow, pink, and blue bubbles. The sea dragon blew many bubbles from its mouth as it danced. The bubbles went all over the air through the disco lights, and some fell into the pool, turning it into a bubble pool.

Charles and his mom, the horse, and the sea dragon had so much fun at their dance party. Charles and his mom lived happily ever after. The end.