Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Charles. Charles lived in a big, giant castle that went all the way to the clouds. And inside the castle, there was a big elevator. The elevator was shaped like a ball, and kids and grownups could go in the elevator. If you wanted the elevator to go somewhere, instead of pressing a button, you had to jump up and down, and then the ball would start rolling around. After the ball started rolling around, a big thing would come, pick up the ball, and take it just like an elevator with people inside it to wherever in the castle they wanted to go.

Well, Charles decided that he wanted to go under the castle because his mom, who was the queen of the castle, told Charles that under the castle, there was a secret swimming pool. Charles had lived in the castle his whole life, but he never saw that secret swimming pool, and he really wanted to. So Charles got in the elevator with his mom, and he started to jump up and down, and the elevator knew where he wanted to go. The ball started rolling around back and forth, here and there, up and down, until it finally found a secret tunnel that took it under the castle to the bottom. When the ball's door opened, Charles and his mom got out, and they saw the secret swimming pool. The secret swimming pool had pink food coloring in it, so all of the water was pink. And inside the secret swimming pool, there were lots of different kinds of animals that would jump in and out of the water.

For every type of bird that there is on the earth and in the air, there's another kind of sea creature that's just like it. And there used to be, in the old and olden days, dragons. And dragons had wings, and they looked like birds. Most dragons in the olden days used to be able to breathe fire. In the pool that Charles had under his castle, there was a kind of sea dragon. The sea dragon lived under the water, and it had no ability to breathe fire. The sea dragon could only breathe pink food coloring. Charles told his mom that it was probably the sea dragon that made the pool under the castle so pink.

Charles told his mom that he wanted to go for a swim in some flotation devices in the pool. His mom asked, "Well, how are we going to do it?" Just as Charles was wondering how he was going to get a bathing suit and some floaty equipment, he saw that the ceiling had a secret rope. He looked up at the rope and told his mom he thought they should pull it. Charles grabbed onto the rope and pulled it down. When Charles pulled down the rope, he heard a big bell go ding, ding, ding on top of the pool. As the bell started ringing, there was a door next to the pool that opened, and the door led to a cave. Inside the cave, there was a horse. The horse that lived in the cave near the pool had fins and flippers and was able to swim in the water just like a fish.

Charles told his mom that maybe he was supposed to ride the horse in the water and that the horse would float because it looked like a fish horse. Charles's mom agreed and said that he had discovered a new kind of horse when he pulled the rope and rang the bell. If you look closely at horses, you'll see that they have four legs, and none of them have flippers, and none of them have fins. Usually, horses aren't as good at swimming as fish. But the horse that Charles found had a mom that was a fish and a dad that was a horse. It was half horse and half fish, and it was excellent at floating. So Charles and his mom got on the horse, and the horse jumped into the pink swimming pool that had all of the food coloring. It started to swim around with Charles and his mom on the horse's back. The horse was much faster at swimming than a person, so they were able to race from one side of the pool to the other.

Then the sea dragon came out of the water and said, "Charles, can I race you and the horse?" Charles said, "Okay," because it was a nice sea dragon. The sea dragon said, "All right, ready, set, go." Charles and his mom raced the horse to the other side of the pool. The sea dragon started off faster, and Charles told his horse, "Go faster and faster," until finally, at the very end, Charles and his mom and the horse won the race. After the sea dragon got to the other side of the pool, it told Charles that he needed to change the color of the pool from pink to yellow. Charles asked, "Well, how can you do that?" The sea dragon opened its mouth and started to spit out some yellow food coloring. Suddenly, the pool changed colors to yellow.

The sea dragon said, "Let's have a race again." Charles agreed, and when the water was yellow in the pool, the sea dragon said, "Ready, set, go." It turned out that sea dragons are not so good at swimming in pink water but are very good at swimming in water that has yellow food coloring. In that race, Charles and his mom started off ahead with the horse. They were swimming as fast as they could with the horse's flippers to the other side of the pool. They were ahead of the dragon when suddenly the dragon used sea dragon speed and caught up with Charles and his mom. They reached the other side of the pool at the same time as Charles and his mom and the seahorse. When they got to the other side, Charles said, "It's a tie." The horse agreed.

If it's a tie in a yellow pool that's under a castle, there's a special dance party rule. Everyone has to go out of the water, and they have to put disco lights in the pool area. There have to be lots of different color lights that go around the ground, the ceiling, and the walls. The dots of light have to dance around. All of the people and all of the animals need to dance. Charles and his mom did their best silly dance. Charles moved his legs backward and forward and his arms here and there. The sea dragon did the silliest sea dragon dance because whenever it put its feet up, it spat bubble food coloring. There were yellow bubbles, pink bubbles, and blue bubbles. The sea dragon, as it was dancing, blew so many bubbles from its food coloring mouth. They went all over the air through the disco lights, and some fell into the pool, turning it into a bubble pool.

Charles and his mom, the horse, and the sea dragon were having so much fun at their dance party. Charles and his mom lived happily ever after. The end.