Welcome to make it up stories. My name is Charles. Make it up. Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hello, I'm Charles. I am five years old, and I live in J nivan, Switzerland. And I want a story with sea dragon, hosanna, cave, and a boy. Thanks to tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Charles who lives in Geneva, Switzerland, and who turns six years old today on May 24. And so we want to say happy birthday, Charles. And Charles asked for us to make up a story that includes a sea dragon, a horse in a cave, and a boy. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Charles. Charles lived in a big, giant castle that went all the way to the clouds. And inside the castle, there was a big elevator. And the elevator was shaped like a ball. And kids and grownups could go in the elevator. And if you wanted the elevator to go somewhere, instead of pressing a button, what you had to do is jump up and down, and then the ball would start rolling around. And after the ball would start rolling around, a big thing would come, pick up the ball and take it just like an elevator with people inside it to wherever in the castle they wanted to go. Well, Charles decided that he wanted to go under the castle because his mom, who was the queen of the castle, told Charles that under the castle, there is a secret swimming pool. And Charles had lived in the castle his whole life, but he never saw that secret swimming pool, and he really wanted to. So Charles got in the elevator with his mom, and he started to jump up and down, and the elevator knew where he wanted to go. Well, the ball started rolling around back and forth, here and there, up and down, until it finally found a secret tunnel that took it under the castle to the bottom. When the ball's door opened, charles and his mom got out, and they saw the secret swimming pool. The secret swimming pool had pink food coloring in it, so all of the water was pink. And inside of the secret swimming pool, there were lots of different kinds of animals that would jump in and out of the water. For every type of bird that there is on the earth and in the air, there's another kind of sea creature that's just like it. And there used to be, in the old and olden days, dragons. And dragons had wings, and they looked like birds. And most dragons in the olden days used to be able to breathe fire. Well, in the pool that Charles had under his castle, there was a kind of sea dragon. And the sea dragon lived under the water, and it had no ability to breathe fire. The sea dragon could only breathe pink food coloring. And so Charles told his mom that really it was probably the Sea dragon that made the pool under the castle so pink. Well, Charles told his mom that he wanted to go for a swim in some flotation devices in the pool. And his mom said, well, how are we going to do it? And just as Charles was wondering how he was going to get a bathing suit and some floaty equipment, he saw that the ceiling had a secret rope. And he looked up at the rope, and he told his mom he thinks they should pull it. So Charles grabbed onto the rope, and he pulled it down. And when Charles pulled down the rope, he heard a big bell go ding, ding, ding on top of the pool. And just as the bell started dingaling, there was a door next to the pool that opened, and the door led to a cave. And inside of the cave, there was a horse. And the horse that lived in the cave near the pool had fins and flippers, and it was able to swim in the water just like a fish. And so Charles told his mom that maybe he was supposed to ride the horse in the water and that the horse would float because it did look like kind of a fish horse. And Charles's mom said that he was right and that he discovered when he pulled the rope and went dingling to the bell, he discovered a new kind of horse. If you look closely at horses, you'll see that they have four legs, and none of them have flippers, and none of them have fins. And usually horses aren't as good at swimming as fish. But the horse that Charles had found had a mama that was a fish and a dadda that was a horse. And so it was kind of half a horse, and it was also half of a fish, and it was so good at floating. So Charles and his mom got on the horse, and the horse jumped into the pink swimming pool that had all of the food coloring, and it started to swim around with Charles and his mom on the horse's back. And the horse was so much faster at swimming than a person, so they were able to race from one side of the pool to the other. And then the Sea dragon came out of the water and said, charles, can I race you and the horse? And Charles said, okay, because it was a nice sea dragon. And the Sea Dragon said, all right, ready, set, go. And Charles and his mom raced the horse to the other side of the pool. And the Sea dragon started off faster, and Charles told his horse, go faster and faster until finally, at the very end, charles and his mom and the horse won the race. After the Sea dragon got to the other side of the pool, the Sea Dragon said, to Charles that he needed to change the color of the pool from pink to yellow. And Charles said, well, how can you do that? And the sea dragon opened up his mouth and he started to spit out some yellow food coloring. And suddenly the pool changed colors to yellow. And then the sea dragon said, let's have a race again. And Charles said, okay. And when the water was yellow in the pool and the sea dragon said, Ready, set, go. Do you know what happened? It gave the sea dragon an extra boost because sea dragons are not so good at swimming in pink water but they're very good at swimming in water that has yellow food coloring. So in that race, Charles and his mom started off ahead with the horse. And they were swimming as fast with the horse's flippers to the other side of the pool. And they were ahead of the dragon when suddenly the dragon used sea dragon speed and it got ahead of Charles and his mom and it got all the way to the other side of the pool at the same time as Charles and his mom and the seahorse. And when they got to the other side, Charles said, It's a tie. And the horse said that it was. And if it's a tie in a yellow pool that's under a castle, there's a special dance party rule. And the rule is that everyone has to go out of the water and they have to put disco lights in the pool area. And there have to be lots of different color lights that go around the ground and around the ceiling and around the walls. And the dots of light have to kind of dance around. And then all of the people and all of the animals need to dance. And so Charles and his mom did their best kind of silly dance. And Charles put his legs backward and forward and his arms here and there. And the sea dragon did the silliest kind of sea dragon dance because whenever the sea dragon would kind of put his feet up, he kind of spit like bubble food coloring. And so there were yellow bubbles and pink bubbles and there were blue bubbles. And the sea dragon, as he was dancing, was blowing so many bubbles from his food coloring mouth and they were going all over the air through the disco lights, and some were falling into the pool, and it became a bubble pool. And Charles and his mom and the horse and the sea dragon were having so much fun in their dance party. And Charles and his mom lived happily ever after. The end.