Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Julia. Julia was going with her brother Theodore, and her parents were taking them in a car all the way to a petting zoo because Julia heard the news that there was a new petting zoo that opened up in town and they wanted to go see it. Well, they got in the car and Julia and Theodore were strapped in their car seats. First they thought it was too tight, and then they decided it was okay. And then they both got some snacks, and they opened the windows and sang songs as they went to the new petting zoo. 

Well, after a few different turns, they got to the petting zoo. The petting zoo was kind of funny because the fence was made of crayons, only it wasn't regular crayons. These crayons were bigger and sturdier, and the poles on the fence were made from brown crayons, and there were different parts of the grass that was just green crayons. So right away, Julia and Theodore could tell that this wasn't going to be a regular petting zoo. It seemed like it was going to be an adventure petting zoo. 

Well, Julia and Theodore's mom parked in the parking lot by the petting zoo. The parking lot was really silly because a lot of the parking lot was made of Lego. And there were also pretend people that were in charge of where to go, but they just held up their pretend hands because they couldn't move them. After Julia and Theodore were parked, their parents helped them get out of their car seat, and then they went to the Adventure petting zoo. 

The Adventure petting zoo had two big straws at the front of it, and the big straws had a special kind of red juice come out from the top, and they spilled over, and kids could kind of run under it, but make sure that the juice didn't get them because then their hair would get sticky. Well, they got into the petting zoo. In the petting zoo, the first thing that you could see was there were sheep that were purple. And the purple sheep also had little kinds of lights that grew on their fur. And the sheep were really kind of silly. So Julia and Theodore asked if they could see them first. Their parents said okay. 

So they went to the purple sheep part of the petting zoo, and the purple sheep started to talk. When the purple sheep was talking, it did something kind of funny. The word letters came out of its mouth. And so if the purple sheep was saying hi, then the letters H and I came out of the purple sheep's mouth, and Julia and Theodore caught those letters in the air. Julia caught the H, and Theodore caught the I. And then they decided to go on the purple sheep for a sheep ride. And Julia and Theodore's parents followed them as the sheep took them down a secret tunnel. 

And in the secret tunnel, there were old mummies, and the mummies were covered in jello. And some of the mummies were in kind of red jello and green jello. And they had signs next to them that showed pictures of spoons and a cross next to it. And Julia and Theodore knew that you weren't allowed to use spoons for that kind of jello because that was just for mummies. Well, the purple sheep kept taking them past that tunnel, and when they got out on the other side of the tunnel, Julia and Theodore saw a really big pyramid. 

The pyramid was so big, it was like a big building, but a triangle on top. And the pyramid had lots of stones on it. The pyramid was made out of diamond and gold. It was a really special kind of pyramid that only the purple sheep knew how to get to. And Julia and Theodore got to go really close to the pyramid. And whenever they said something to the pyramid, then the letters came out of their voice, too, and it made an echo, and the letters would bounce around the room and everyone could catch them. 

The gold and diamond pyramid was a really special kind of pyramid because around the pyramid, anyone could fly kites, and even if there was no wind, your kite would still fly. So Julia and Theodore flew magical kites right next to the gold and diamond pyramid, and they started singing songs, and the letters from their songs started floating in the air. And all of the people that were watching were cheering, and they were clapping their hands because they thought it was so cool. 

And Julia and Theodore decided to go on the boat that they saw right there. The boat looks like it was kind of the shape of a cucumber, and it also looked like it was kind of made out of cucumber, but it looked sturdier than regular cucumber. And the middle part was hollowed out so that there was room for seats. And also at the end of the cucumber boat. It had a kind of fan that it used as a motor to go. So Julia and Theodore went into the cucumber boat, and the cucumber boat went down a special stream that went all the way through the tunnel where they went with the purple sheep to the different side of the Adventure petting zoo. 

And on the other side of the Adventure petting zoo, Julia and Theodore saw that there were also a bunch of wonderful animals. The animals on this side of the petting zoo were the upside-down animals. All of these animals could only walk on the ceiling and they couldn't walk on the ground. And when they needed to drink some water, they had to try to figure out a special way to do it. And they used big straws that were shaped like candy cane so that they could drink from the floor while they're upside down on the ceiling. 

And all of the animals on this side of the petting zoo, they all liked to sing silly songs that didn't really make any sense. And sometimes they liked to do clapping games, which really sounded kind of silly and made all of the animals laugh. Well, Julia and Theodore saw that it was getting late and their parents told them that they needed to leave the petting zoo for the day. So Julia and Theodore said goodbye to the animals and they went back home to their regular house and they lived happily ever after. The end.