Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Every night, Jonah and Jesse went to sleep on a bunk bed. One night after they fell asleep and closed their eyes and lay their heads on the pillow on the bunk bed, the bunk bed floated out of the door and out of the front door of their house until Jonah and Jesse were floating outside. The bunk bed took them through a magical portal, and when they got to the other side of the portal, it felt like they had gone through a tunnel with lots of lights shining in it. On the other side of the portal, they were in a big soap bubble. The soap bubble had rainbow colors all around the edge. It was a little bit wet, but you couldn't pop this soap bubble. If you put your finger in it, it would just make a bubble in the bubble.

Inside the soap bubble, there were lots of smaller bubbles, and you could use a magnifying glass to look inside the smaller bubbles. Jonah and Jesse saw that there were other kids on different bunk beds, and all kids from different bunk beds around the world had all gotten captured in these little bubbles. Jonah and Jesse's bubble was floating around the big bubble, and Jesse said, "Quick, Jonah, we need to steer the ship." Jesse realized that he could sit down on his bed and use his pillow as a steering wheel. Jesse turned his pillow to the right, and Jesse said, "Ahoy!" He saw that there were some pirates in a different bubble, and the pirates were circling around the edge of the big bubble. Whenever the rainbow that would touch the end of the bubble would roll towards Jonah and Jesse's bubble, the pirate ship would go faster and faster until finally it crashed straight into Jonah and Jesse's bubble, and the pirate ship attached to their bunk bed.

Jesse said, "Quick, Jonah, get our sword." Jonah took the sword that he had stashed right under his blanket next to his bed, and he held the sword out and said, "Pirates, go away." But the pirates didn't listen. One of the pirates walked on a plank from across their pirate ship onto Jonah and Jesse's bed, and Jesse saw that he could do a trick. Jesse kicked the plank, and the pirate fell off of the plank before he could get onto their bunk bed. Jonah said, "Good job." Then Jonah knew that he had to drop a heavy rock onto the plank to break it for good so that no more pirates could come on. But he didn't have any heavy rocks stored up on his bunk bed.

That's when Jesse had an idea. Jesse picked up his blanket, and he put the blanket on top of his boat, and they used it as a sail. Jesse and Jonah's bunk bed turned into a sailing bunk bed, and it got it sailed so fast that the pirate ship fell off and it went out of its bubble and went right circling around the different kids bubbles with all of their bunk beds in them. Jesse saw that all of the other kids were sleeping, and Jesse and Jonah were the only kids that were awake. So Jesse said they should make an announcement. Jonah said, "Announcement. Everyone wake up. Wake up. You're just sleeping in bubbles. And we're all in this bigger bubble." No matter how loud he shouted, all of the kids on their bunk beds in their bubbles couldn't wake up. Jesse said, "Maybe we have to bounce into their bubbles, and then it will shake their bunk beds, and then the kids will wake up." So Jesse steered his bunk bed using his pillow, and now with the help of their magic blanket sail, and he steered their bunk bed right into so many different bubbles so that it shook up those bubbles, and it shook awake all of the kids who were in the bubbles.

Suddenly, so many kids woke up, and they got up and they sat on their bunk beds, and they looked around, and they saw they were in bubbles, and they were surprised and confused, and they started saying, "What? How did we get here?" Jesse told Jonah to explain it to them. Jonah told all of the kids who were on their bunk beds floating around in the bubbles that they went through a magic portal and that they were on the other side of the portal and that they had to watch out for pirates because sometimes pirates tried to attach themselves to bunk beds. He said that if any of the kids had any swords or any weapons, they should volunteer to help and join the force of the good kids.

Soon there started to be a team. Jesse and Jonah were the captains of the team, and the team was the force of the good kids. The force of the good kids were so many kids who started using jump ropes to tie together their bunk beds, and they made rows of bunk beds, and they made aisles of bunk beds, and they made columns of bunk beds, and they had bunk beds that zigged and bunk beds that zagged. All of the pirates that were floating around the bubble started to be afraid to attach their pirate ships to any of the kids' ships. Jonah and Jesse got the kids to shout, "Hooray." All of the kids said, "Hip, hip hooray."

Some of them had stuffed animals and toys to throw at the pirates. Some of the kids had other things that they could contribute to the fight. There was one girl who had a doll, and the doll had eyes that would open and close. When the doll's eyes opened, little lights came out of the doll's eyes. The lights were so strong that it would set any pirate ship on fire and burst that pirate's bubble. There was another girl, and that other girl had a stuffed bear named Babaloo. Babaloo was a bear with a really special power that whenever a pirate ship got close, the bear would poof that pirate ship, and it would turn the pirate ship into dust, and the dust would fall down right into the water.

Jonah and Jesse were the kings of the portal. But now that the kids were awake, they started to ask questions like, "How do we get back to the other side of the portal?" Jonah and Jesse didn't know the answer to those questions, and so they started to do some detective work. Jonah arranged a contest to find which of the kids was the best detective. He told all of the kids he was going to give them clues. He said, "Clue number one: what has four wheels? Clue number two: what is a truck? And clue number three: what is milk?" He said, if the kids could think about those three clues, what has four wheels, what is a truck, and what has milk, then there would be a secret answer that would help them determine how to get out of the portal.

All of the kids who were on their bunk beds, who were sitting down in their beds, started to think about the clues. One of them said, "That doesn't make sense. Maybe it could be a milk truck or something like that because that could have four wheels, but also a milk truck could have even more than four wheels if it's a big milk truck. And how could that be the answer to a question that would get us out of the portal?" Some of the kids started to team up, and they started to think that, well, cars weren't the only things that had four wheels. Wagons did, too, and so did, like, go carts. They started to think of different ideas until all of the kids started to shout their ideas louder and louder. As the kids started to talk louder and louder and give different ideas, suddenly the bubble on the outside burst, and the kids magically went back through the portal, back to their beds and back to their regular rooms.

Jonah and Jesse were doing a trick to get the kids to yell a lot of things because they knew that would pop the bubble, and if they popped the bubble, it would take them back through the portal. The yelling was the clue. All of the kids went back to their regular bedrooms, and they woke up in their regular houses, and Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.