Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup. My name is Beat with Chase. Go to makeups always.com. If you want to join Makeup club nayo AI. Tonight's makeup story is a request from my two kids, Jonah and Jesse. And Jesse asked for me to make up a story about a person named Bondo and also an airplane. And Jonah asked for me to include a stuffy named Babaloo. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Every night, Jonah and Jesse went to sleep on a bunk bed. And one night after they fell asleep and closed their eyes and lay their heads on the pillow on the bunk bed. During the night, the bunk bed floated out of the door and out of the front door of their house until Jonah and Jesse were floating outside. The bunk bed took them through a magical portal, and when they got to the other side of the portal, it felt like they had gone through a tunnel with lots of lights shining in it. And on the other side of the portal, they were in a big soap bubble. The soap bubble had kind of rainbow colors all over the edge. It was a little bit wet, but you couldn't pop this soap bubble. If you put your finger in it, it would just make a bubble in the bubble. And inside of the soap bubble, there were lots of different littler bubbles, and you can use a magnifying glass to look inside the littler bubbles. And Jonah and Jesse saw that there were other kids on different bunk beds, and all kids from different bunk beds around the world, they had all gotten captured in these little bubbles. And Jonah and Jesse's bubble was floating around the big bubble, and Jesse said, quick, command, Jonah. We need to steer the ship. And Jesse realized that he could sit down on his bed and use his pillow as a steering wheel. And Jesse turned his pillow to the right, and Jesse said, hi yore. And he saw that there were some pirates in a different bubble, and the pirates were circling around the edge of the big bubble. And whenever the rainbow that would touch the end of the bubble would roll towards Jonah and Jesse's bubble, the pirate ship would go faster and faster until finally it crashed straight into Jonah and Jesse's bubble, and the pirate ship attached to their bunk bed. And Jesse said, quick, Jonah, get our sword. And Jonah took the sword that he had stashed right under his blanket next to his bed, and he held the sword out, and he said, Pirates, go away. But the pirates didn't listen. And one of the pirates walked on a plank from across their pirate ship onto Jonah and Jesse's bed, and Jesse saw that he could do a trick, and Jesse kicked the plank, and the pirate fell off of the plank before he could get onto their bunk bed. Jonah said, good job. And then Jonah knew that he had to drop a heavy rock onto the plank to break it for good so that no more pirates could come on. But he didn't have any heavy rocks stored up on his bunk bed. And that's when Jesse had an idea. Jesse picked up his blanket, and he put the blanket on top of his boat, and they used it as a sail. And Jesse and Jonah's bunk bed turned into a sailing bunk bed, and it got it sailed so fast that the pirate ship fell off and it went out of its bubble and went right circling around the different kids bubbles with all of their bunk beds in them. And Jesse saw that all of the other kids were sleeping, and Jesse and Jonah were the only kids that were awake. So Jesse said they should make an announcement. And Jonah said announcement. Everyone wake up. Wake up. You're just sleeping in bubbles. And we're all in this bigger bubble. And no matter how loud he shouted, all of the kids on their bunk beds in their bubbles couldn't wake up. And Jesse said, maybe we have to bounce into their bubbles, and then it will shake their bunk beds, and then the kids will wake up. And so Jesse steered his bunk bed using his pillow, and now with the help of their magic blanket sail, and he steered their bunk bed right into so many different bubbles so that it shook up those bubbles, and it shook awake all of the kids who were in the bubbles. Suddenly, so many kids woke up, and they got up and they sat on their bunk beds, and they looked around, and they saw they were in bubbles, and they were surprised and confused, and they started saying, what? How did we get here? And Jesse told Jonah to explain it to them. And Jonah told all of the kids who were on their bunk beds floating around in the bubbles that they went through a magic portal and that they were on the other side of the portal and that they had to watch out for pirates because sometimes pirates tried to attach themselves to bunk beds. And that if any of the kids had any swords or any weapons, they should volunteer to help and join the force of the good kids. And soon there started to be a team. And Jesse and Jonah were the captains of the team, and the team was the force of the good kids. And the force of the good kids were so many kids who started using jump ropes to tie together their bunk beds, and they made rows of bunk beds, and they made aisles of bunk beds, and they made columns of bunk beds, and they had bunk beds that zigged and bunk beds that zagged. And all of the pirates that were floating around the bubble started to be afraid to attach their pirate ships to any of the kids ships. And Jonah and Jesse got the kids to shout, hooray. And all of the kids said, hip, hip hooray. Yeah, bud. Some of them have, like, stuffies on toys to throw at the pilot. And some of the kids had other things that they could contribute to the fight. There was one girl who had a doll, and the doll had eyes that would open and close. And when the doll's eyes opened, little lights came out of the doll's eyes. And the lights were so strong that it would put any pirate ship on fire and burst that pirate's bubble. And there was another girl, and that other girl had a stuffy named Bob Lou. And Babaloo was a bear stuffy. And the bear stuffy had a really special power that whenever a pirate ship got close, the bear stuffy would poof that pirate ship, and it would turn the pirate ship into dust, and the dust would fall down right into the water. And Jonah and Jesse were the kings of the portal. But now that the kids were awake, they started to ask questions like, how do we get back to the other side of the portal? And Jonah and Jesse didn't know the answer to those questions, and so they started to do some detective work. And Jonah arranged a contest to find which of the kids was the best detective. And he told all of the kids he was going to give them clues. And he said, clue number one what has four wheels? Clue number two what is a truck? And clue number three what is milk? And he said, if the kids could think about those three clues, what has four wheels? What is a truck, and what has milk? Then there will be a secret answer that would help them determine how to get out of the portal. And all of the kids who were on their bunk beds, who were sitting down in their beds, started to think about the clues. And one of them said, that doesn't make sense. Like, maybe it could be a milk truck or something like that, because that could have four wheels, but also a milk truck could have even more than four wheels if it's a big milk truck. And how could that be the answer to a question that would get us out of the portal? And some of the kids started to team up, and they started to think that, well, cars weren't the only things that had four wheels. Wagons did, too, and so did, like, go carts. And they started to think of different ideas until all of the kids started to shout their ideas louder and louder. And as the kids started to talk louder and louder and give different ideas, suddenly the bubble on the outside burst, and the kids magically went back through the portal, back to their beds and back to their regular rooms. So with Jonah and Jesse thinking the more answers they had, then they would yell. Yell, yell. Yeah. Jonah and Jesse were doing a trick to get the kids to yell a lot of things because they knew that would pop the bubble, and if they popped the bubble, it would take them back through the portal. Was the yelling the clue? Yes, it was the clue. And then all of the kids went back to their regular bedrooms, and they woke up in their regular houses, and Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end. Oh, yeah. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name's E. I live in whistler. Go to makeup story.com to join the club.