Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a dinosaur that could fly, and it was a pterodactyl. This pterodactyl was a big kid named Terry. Terry wasn't a grown-up yet and lived in a big pterodactyl house. Pterodactyl houses were not like regular houses, and their wings could sometimes be as long as kids. Terry had wings that were as long as kids and lived in a silly dinosaur house. In his silly dinosaur house, Terry used to make big hot dogs because pterodactyls loved eating hot dogs. But dinosaurs didn't know how to make regular hot dogs, so they made green hot dogs. Green hot dogs were Terry's favorite kind of hot dog.

One day, Terry was in his dinosaur kitchen cooking some green hot dogs and was going to put some yellow ketchup on top when he noticed it was raining outside. But it wasn't regular rain; it was raining unicorns! Dinosaurs and unicorns loved each other because unicorns were so nice, and many dinosaurs tried to be nice too. Terry was the friendliest dinosaur and always carried a jump rope with him. He asked the unicorns if any of them wanted to jump rope with him. One of the unicorns, named Uni, said she did. So Terry and Uni went to a floating island made of bamboo and sticks and started jumping rope. They had so much fun!

After they finished jumping rope, they decided to fly around. They saw a donut factory, a cupcake factory, and a lollipop factory with a chimney made of lollipops. They also saw a river made of chocolate and a pancake-shaped animal. Uni was a magic unicorn, so sometimes she met magic animals.

As they were flying around, they saw a pool full of chocolate pudding. Terry looked for a big spoon to eat the pudding but couldn't find one. Uni told Terry to look up, and they saw a big spoon floating in the sky with glitter trailing behind it. The spoon had a flashing light at the end and started to fall towards the earth. Luckily, it had a rainbow-colored parachute that slowed it down. The spoon landed right next to Terry, so he started eating the chocolate pudding. Uni also started eating, but she was a little clumsy and fell into the pudding pool. The chocolate pudding covered Uni, turning her black. Terry didn't recognize her anymore and thought she was a new unicorn. Uni told Terry to lick the pudding off her, and when he did, he realized it was really Uni. They laughed so much because it was such a silly disguise.

Terry and Uni held hands as they flew through the air. They looked up and saw big meteors. Terry was worried that the meteors could hurt the dinosaurs, but Uni said she would save the day. She blew on her horn, which had a secret whistle, and all the other unicorns that fell from the sky came together. Uni told them they were going to fly into space and move the meteor away to protect the dinosaurs. The unicorns used their magic strength to push the meteor away, and they did it again when another meteor came. Terry and Uni were so happy that they had a party.

At the party, Terry thanked Uni for saving him from the meteors. Uni said that no matter how many meteors came, they could always have fun and visit the candy factory, the donut factory, and do lots of fun things together. Terry the pterodactyl and Uni the unicorn lived happily ever after. The end.