Welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime rumpus. Tonight's makeup story is a request for my son Jonah, who asked for us to make up a story that includes dinosaurs, meteor, and reigning unicorns. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was was a dinosaur that was able to fly, and it was a pterodactyl. And the pterodactyl was a big kid pterodactyl. It was not yet a grown up, and it grew up in a big pterodactyl house. Pterodactyl houses were not those wings could sometimes be as long as kids. Yes. And the pterodactyl, Terry the pterodactyl that was his name. Terry the pterodactyl had wings that were as long as kids, and he lived in a silly dinosaur house because dinosaurs did not live in regular houses. And in his silly dinosaur house, he used to make big hot dogs, because this kind of dinosaur pterodactyls loved eating hot dogs. But dinosaurs didn't know how to make regular hot dogs, and so they used to make green hot dogs. And the green hot dogs were Terry the pterodactyl's favorite kind of hot dog. One day, as Terry the pterodactyl was in his dinosaur kitchen cooking some green hot dogs, and he was going to put some yellow ketchup on top of the green hot dogs, he noticed that it was raining outside. And when he looked outside, he saw that it was not regular rain. It was raining unicorns. Now, dinosaurs and unicorns love each other because unicorns are so nice, and a lot of dinosaurs that aren't scary also try to be nice. And Terry the pterodactyl was the friendliest dinosaur. He used to go everywhere with a jump rope that's like a long kind of string that you could jump around. And Terry the pterodactyl asked the unicorns, as the unicorns were raining down from the sky because it was raining unicorns, he asked any of the unicorns if they wanted to do jump rope with him. And one of the unicorns named uni the unicorn said that she did. So uni the unicorn and Terry the pterodactyl dinosaur started to go on a floating island, which was made out of bamboo and sticks, and they would jump rope. And it was so much fun. After they were done jumping rope, they decided to fly around. And as they were flying around, they saw a donut factory, which is where donuts are made. They passed by a cupcake factory, where cupcakes are made, and they passed by a lollipop factory, and the chimney of the lollipop factory was made out of lollipops. And then as they continued onward, they saw there was a river that was made out of chocolate and that there were so many things. There was a kind of animal that was made out of a pancake that they saw, and they didn't think that regular animals could be made of pancakes. But uni the unicorn was a magic unicorn. And so sometimes she met magic animals. Well, they were flying around and seeing all of these yummy foods and candies from different factories, when all of a sudden, they saw a pool. And the pool was full of chocolate pudding. And Terry the pterodactyl was looking for a big spoon so that he could eat the chocolate pudding that was in the pool, but he couldn't find any spoon. Well, as he was looking for a spoon no, as he was looking for a spoon, Uni the Unicorn said, look up Terry. Look up, Terry. And Terry the pterodactyl looked up, and do you know what they saw? There was a big spoon floating in the sky. And as the spoon was floating in the sky, it had some glitter that was trailing behind it. And the spoon had a big flashing light at the end. And as it started to get closer to the earth, it started to fall. And luckily, it had a parachute, which was rainbow colored, and the parachute deployed. That means it went out, and it slowed the spoon down. And do you know where the spoon landed? At the pterodactyl. Yes, right at Terry the pterodactyl. So Terry the pterodactyl started to eat up the chocolate pudding that was in the pool. And Uni the Unicorn also started to eat some. But unicorns can sometimes be a little clumsy. Clumsy means they're not so careful with their bodies. And do you know what happened to Uni the unicorn? He fell in the chocolate pudding pool. And after Uni the Unicorn fell into the chocolate pudding pool, he turned black. Usually unicorns are white or rainbow colored, and they have a horn, but they're not. Yeah, the chocolate pudding got all over Uni the unicorn and made him black. So Terry the pterodactyl didn't know that Uni the Unicorn was really a unicorn anymore. And Terry the pterodactyl didn't recognize Uni the unicorn. And so as Terry the pterodactyl saw the unicorn, which was black and covered with chocolate pudding, coming towards him, terry the pterodactyl said, do you want to be my friend? And guess what uni the Unicorn said. He said, Silly, I am your friend already. I am uni the unicorn. And Terry the pterodactyl said, I think you're tricking me. I think you're a new unicorn because it was raining a lot of unicorns. And anyway, Uni the Unicorn is a different color and doesn't have chocolate pudding on him. And then Uni the Unicorn had a really good idea. Do you know what uni the unicorn's idea was? To clean himself off. No, even better. Uni the Unicorn told Terry the pterodactyl to lick off his body. And Terry the pterodactyl took a big lick. And do you know what came off? What? Chocolate pudding. And under the chocolate pudding, terry the pterodactyl saw that really, it was Uni the unicorn. And so they were laughing so much because it was such a silly disguise. It was like camouflage because also, I don't think we tear the pterodactyl even. So so good because I don't think believe the pterodactyl believed, because Terry the pterodactyl could hardly even see. Yes, and Terry the pterodactyl used to wear glasses, and Terry the pterodactyl's glasses broke that day, so it was hard for him to see. Well, Terry the pterodactyl and uni the unicorn were such good friends, and they held hands as they were flying through the air. As they were flying through the air, they looked up, and do you know what they saw? Big meteors. And Terry the pterodactyl said, oh, no. Uni, I thought meteors could come and kill dinosaurs and uni the unicorn and said, don't worry, Terry the pterodactyl, I will help save the day. And Terry the pterodactyl said, well, what could you even do? And uni the unicorn started to blow. Unicorns have little whistles in their horns that go out of their heads. It's a secret kind of whistle. Yeah. And she started blowing on her horn, and it started whistling. And all the other unicorns that fell in the rain started coming together. And uni the unicorn told all of the other unicorns that they had to listen. And uni the unicorn told them they were going to fly up to space and move the meteor away so it wouldn't fall down and get the dinosaurs. It was so many unicorns, and unicorns have magic strength. So all the unicorns flew into space, and they all banded together, and they all combined their strength to push the meteor away. And just as they did that, another meteor came and they split up and they were able to do it again. And so Terry the pterodactyl and uni the unicorn were so happy, and they had a party. And at the party, Terry the pterodactyl said, it's good you saved me from two meteors, but let's say there were 90. And uni the unicorn said, no matter how many unicorns come, we can always have fun and go to the candy factory, the donut factory, and do a lot of fun things. And Terry the pterodactyl and uni the unicorn lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. If you liked the story, tell your friends about makeup stories and write us a five star review. You can also connect with us on Facebook at makeup stories.