Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old whose name was Jonah. Jonah used to live underground in a tunnel where there were lots of squirrels and lots of rabbits. Jonah used to play with the squirrels and rabbits. Sometimes, he would follow them up their holes, and he would look out on the grass in the ground, and he would look to see if there were any kitty cats or any coyotes. If there were no kitty cats and no coyotes, then Jonah would go out of the ground just like the rabbits did, and he would walk around the grass.

One day, as Jonah was walking around the grass, he saw a magical spider. The spider was rainbow-colored, and it felt very fuzzy. The spider also had a silly mouth that looked like a duck's mouth. Instead of being quiet, this spider said, "quack, quack." It was a really big spider, and it was really nice. The spider used to hold up an umbrella because the spider said it didn't like when it rained. Jonah watched as the spider started making a web around the bushes. The spider would say, "quack quack, quack quack," as it would spin a big web that was round around the bushes.

This was not a regular spider web. This was a magical spider web. The magical spider web had a little kind of color coming out of it. If you listened very closely to the magic spider web, it made a sound. When Jonah looked at the magic spider web, he saw it was a trampoline. A trampoline made out of a spider web because the spider web was the magical spider that used to hold the umbrella up, could make spider webs that were so jumpy and bouncy, just like a trampoline.

The spider said to Jonah and also to the bunny rabbits that were near Jonah, "Do you guys want to jump on this bouncy trampoline?" Jonah and the rabbits had never been on a bouncy spider web before, so they asked, "Will I get stuck?" The friendly, colorful magic spider that was holding the umbrella said, "No, it's just a bouncy trampoline." Jonah went on the trampoline. Not even bugs got stuck on this trampoline. This was just a playing spider web. It wasn't one that kind of gets bugs stuck.

Jonah started bouncing on the trampoline and jumping up and down. The rabbits started going on the trampoline also. Rabbits are really good at jumping, even without trampolines. One of the rabbits, when he jumped on the trampoline, jumped as high as a house. The trampoline helped the rabbit jump higher. The rabbit was having so much fun, and Jonah was having so much fun when they heard a noise in the distance. The noise was going, and they saw that it was a dragon.

It was not a big, scary dragon. The dragon they saw was only medium-sized, probably as big as a kitty cat or a bunny rabbit. It wasn't so big. This dragon also looked like a stuffed animal. It seemed like it had cotton in it, and it was fluffy. This dragon didn't make fire out of its mouth. This dragon just couldn't open its mouth because it was a stuffed animal.

The dragon came over to the spider web and asked Jonah and the bunny rabbits if he could join them for a fun jump on the trampoline ride. Jonah said okay. The dragon started jumping up and down on the trampoline, and it jumped to the moon. The dragon flapped its wings and held onto Jonah with its feet. They jumped so high, they jumped all the way up to the clouds. When they got to the clouds, they saw there were some ducks that lived there because ducks like water, and clouds are made of water.

The ducks that lived on the cloud asked Jonah what he was doing. Jonah said that he was having a trampoline party. The dragon asked the ducks that lived on the cloud if they wanted to join. The ducks said yes. The ducks flew down to the spider web. They got to the spider web because ducks can fly a little. The ducks got down to the spider web, and they saw the colorful rainbow spider that had furry fur on it that was rainbow-colored and who had a rainbow-colored umbrella.

The ducks asked the spider how come he had a beak because the spider looked like a duck. Remember, the spider said, "Quack, quack." The duck and the spider were able to talk to each other. The duck told the spider that he lived in the clouds and that he came down because Jonah and the dragon showed him the bouncy trampoline colorful spider web. The spider who was holding the umbrella told the duck that he wanted to go live on a cloud.

The duck said, "But I can't carry you up." The dragon said that the dragon could carry the spider up to the cloud. Ducks aren't so good at carrying things because of the way their legs are shaped; they have webbed feet. The spider didn't feel comfortable sitting on the duck's foot during the flight to the clouds because it might just slip off.

That's why the dragon had to carry the spider up to the clouds. When the spider got up to the cloud, the spider started making one of its magic webs around the cloud. Just as it was doing that, the cloud changed colors, and it was now a blue cloud. The spider went to a different cloud, and that cloud changed colors and became a red cloud. The spider kept going from cloud to cloud until all of the clouds in the sky were different pretty colors.

All of the kids in the world who looked up at the sky said, "Wow, look at all those colorful clouds." The one who was making those colorful clouds was the special spider. The colorful clouds were also made out of that bouncy kind of spider web that made the trampoline, which can bounce so much. Anyone who's strong enough to throw something at the cloud, like if you throw a ball to the cloud, then the ball would just bounce off that cloud and go to a different one.

People invented a game where they would throw balls to the clouds, and then it would bounce to one color cloud, like a blue cloud. They had to use slingshots. Slingshots have big rubber bands, and you pull them back, and then you can make a ball go very far. People used to use slingshots to make balls go to the colorful clouds, and then they would bounce around, and it would be so much fun.

This game only happened because Jonah got out of his underground house where the rabbits and squirrels lived and looked up and found that spider web. Then Jonah decided to live outside of the ground in a regular house, and he went to preschool and kindergarten, and all of his friends were so happy that he discovered a way to make the clouds different colors. Jonah and his family lived happily ever after. The end.