Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime rumpus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from my son Jonah, who asked for us to make up a story that includes a dragon and a spider web. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old whose name was Jonah. Jonah used to live underground in a tunnel where there were lots of squirrels and lots of rabbits. And Jonah used to get to play with the squirrels and play with the rabbits. And sometimes he would follow them up their holes and he would look out on the grass in the ground, and he would look to see if there were any kitty cats or any coyotes. And if there were no kitty cats and no coyotes, then Jonah would go out of the ground just like the rabbits did, and he would walk around the grass. One day, as Jonah was walking around the grass, he saw a magical spider. The spider was rainbow colored, and it felt very fuzzy. The spider also had a silly mouth that looked like a duck's mouth. And instead of being quiet, this spider said, quack, quack. It was a really big spider, and it was really nice. The spider used to hold up an umbrella because the spider said it didn't like when it rained. And Jonah watched as the spider started making a web around the bushes. And the spider would say, quack quack, quack quack, as it would spin a big web that was round around the bushes. This was not a regular spider web. This was a magical spider web. And the magical spider web had a little kind of color coming out of it. And if you listen very closely to the magic spider web, it made a sound like and the magic spider web, when Jonah looked at it, he saw it was a trampoline. A trampoline that was made out of a spider web, because the spider web was the magical spider that used to hold the umbrella up, could make spider webs that were so jumpy and bouncy, just like a trampoline. And the spider said to Jonah and also to the bunny rabbits that were near Jonah, do you guys want to jump on this bouncy trampoline? And Jonah and the rabbits had never been on a bouncy spider web before, so they asked, Will I get stuck? And the friendly, colorful magic spider that was holding the umbrella said, no, it's just a bouncy trampoline. And Jonah went on the trampoline. Jonah, not even bugs got stuck on this trampoline. This was just a playing spider web. It wasn't one that kind of gets bug stuck. And Jonah started bouncing on the trampoline and jumping up and down. And the rabbits started going on the trampoline also. And rabbits are really good at jumping, even without trampolines. So one of the rabbits, when he jumped on the trampoline, jumped as high as a house. Yeah, because the trampoline helped the rabbit jump higher. And the rabbit was having so much fun and Jonah was having so much fun when they heard a noise in the distance. And the noise was going and they saw that it was a dragon. It was not a big, scary dragon. The dragon that they saw was only medium sized, like, probably as big as a kitty cat or a bunny rabbit. It wasn't so big. And this dragon also looked like a stuffy animal. It seemed like it had kind of cotton in it and it was fluffy. And this dragon didn't make fire out of its mouth. This dragon just really couldn't open its mouth because it was a stuffy. And the dragon came over to the spider web and asked Jonah and asked the bunny rabbits if he could come join them for a fun jump on the trampoline ride. And Jonah said okay. So the dragon started jumping up and down on the trampoline, and it jumped to the moon and the dragon and the dragon flapped its wings and held onto Jonah with its feet. And they jumped so high, he jumped all the way up to the clouds. And when he got to the clouds, he saw there were some duckies that lived there, because duckies like water, and clouds are made of water. And the duckies that lived on the cloud asked Jonah what he was doing. And Jonah said that he was having a trampoline party. And the dragon asked the duckies that lived on the cloud if they wanted to come join. And the ducks said yes. And so the ducks flew down to the spider web. And when they got to this because ducks can fly a little, because ducks can fly a little, that's the way they got up. And the ducks got down to the spider web, and they saw the colorful rainbow spider that had furry fur on it that was rainbow colored and who had a rainbow color umbrella. And they asked that spider how come he had a beak, because the spider looked like a ducky. Remember, the spider said, Quack, quack. And so the ducky and the spider were able to talk to each other. Yeah, like, Quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack, quack. And that's how they could talk to each other. And so the ducky told the spider that the ducky lived in the clouds and that he came down because Jonah and the dragon showed him about the bouncy trampoline colorful spider web. And the spider who was holding the umbrella told the ducky that he wanted to go live on a cloud. And so the ducky said, But I can't carry you up. And the dragon said that the dragon could carry the spider up to the cloud. I think duckies aren't so good at carrying things because the way their legs are shaped, they have webbed feet. That means they have, like, space between their why not? They have no space between their toes. And the spider didn't feel comfortable sitting on the duck's foot during the flight to the clouds because it might just slip off. Yeah, it's wet. So that's why the dragon had to carry the spider up to the clouds. And when the spider got up to the cloud, the spider started making one of its magic webs around the cloud. And just as it was doing that, the cloud changed colors, and it was now a blue cloud. And then the spider went to a different cloud, and that cloud changed colors and became a red cloud. And the spider kept going from cloud to cloud until all of the clouds in the sky were different pretty colors. And all of the kids in the world who looked up at the sky said, wow, look at all those colorful clouds. And really, the one who was making those colorful clouds was the special spider. And the colorful clouds were also made out of that bouncy kind of spider web that made the trampoline, which can bounce so much. And so anyone who's strong enough to throw something at the cloud, like if you throw, let's say, a ball to the cloud, then the ball would just bounce off that cloud and go to a different one. And so people invented a game where they would throw balls to the clouds, and then it would bounce to one color cloud, let's say a blue cloud. Yeah, they had to use slingshots. Slingshots, it has big rubber bands, and you pull them back, and then you can make a ball go very far. So people used to use slingshots to make balls go to the colorful clouds, and then they would bounce around, and it would be so much fun. And this game only happened because Jonah got out of his underground house where the rabbits and squirrels lived and looked up and found that spider web. Then Jonah decided to live outside of the ground in a regular house, and he went to a preschool and a kindergarten, and all of his friends were so happy that he discovered a way to make the clouds different colors. And Jonah and his family lived. Yeah. All he had to ask is his spider friend. And Jonah and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to less than two makeup because they like it.