Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a three-year-old boy named Caleb. He loved to play with boats in the bath. One day, Caleb's father told him, "Today we are going to the sea, and we're going to see real ships and submarines." And Caleb said, "Yay!"

The next day, Caleb and his dad went all the way to the harbor where there were lots of ships docked in the water. Caleb asked his dad if they could go on one of the ships, and his dad said yes. When they got on the ship, Caleb saw that it was a magical ship because the sails were made of bubblegum. And there was a magic flashlight on the floor of the ship. Caleb picked up the flashlight.

The flashlight felt very magical, and it had three switches. One switch was to turn it on, and the second switch was to turn it off. But the magic flashlight also had a third switch that said nighttime. If you shined the magic flashlight in any room with the switch set to nighttime, it made it nighttime in that room. For example, if you went into your bedroom and it was light, and you brought the magic flashlight, if you turned the switch on to nighttime, then it would automatically turn off the lights. And even outside, the sun would set, and it would be night, but you wouldn't be sleepy, so you could play.

Caleb thought this was a really special magic flashlight. As he was walking on the ship, there were monkeys. One of the monkeys said that Caleb could keep the magical flashlight. Caleb was so happy. Caleb and his dad were walking around the boat, and it was in the middle of the day, but Caleb was hungry for dinner. So Caleb turned on his flashlight, and it became night in the whole world. Caleb and his dad were suddenly wearing their pajamas. Caleb said, "Dad, it's nighttime, and I haven't had dinner yet." Caleb's dad had to make Caleb dinner right away.

The ship was really special because not only did it have monkeys walking around and not only did the ship have the magic flashlight and bubblegum sails, but also there was a magic ring on the ship. The magic ring was flashing and fit on a kid's finger. It was in a treasure chest that Caleb found on the ship. Caleb opened the treasure chest and saw the magic ring blinking. Caleb asked his dad if he could put on the magic ring, and his dad said yes. So Caleb put the magic ring on one of his fingers, and it fit him just right. Then the magic ring started to blink and turned Caleb's hands into robot hands. Suddenly, Caleb's fingers turned into metal fingers, and his whole hand was made of metal, just like a robot.

Caleb's hands were so powerful, he could catch a spider with his robot hands. He could do so many things that only robots can do with his special robot hands. When Caleb wanted to make his hands regular again, he pressed the button on the magic ring, which was blinking different colors. After he pressed the button, Caleb's hands and fingers were regular people hands and fingers again.

Caleb had so much fun with this magic ring. As he was on the ship, one of the monkeys handed Caleb a heavy wheelbarrow. The monkey asked Caleb, "Can you even hold this whole wheelbarrow up by yourself?" Caleb pressed the blinking button on his magic ring, and his fingers turned into metal, and his hand did too. He was robot-strong. He lifted the wheelbarrow over his head on the ship with the bubblegum sails. Caleb's robot hands were so strong.

Caleb told his dad that he would press the blinking magic button on his ring again and turn his hands back into people hands because he wanted to be a regular kid again for a little bit. So Caleb pressed the blinking button on his magic ring, and his hands turned into regular people hands again. Caleb picked up his magic flashlight and turned the switch onto nighttime mode. He shined the flashlight into the room where the captain steered the ship, and the room turned all dark, just like it was nighttime.

The captain couldn't see, but then Caleb saw a glow-in-the-dark octopus flying through the air by spinning its tentacles. Caleb had never seen a flying octopus before, so he asked the octopus, "How can you fly around by turning your tentacles and spinning so fast like a helicopter?" The octopus said he was really the secret captain of the ship and could steer the ship with his glow-in-the-dark octopus tentacles. Caleb said, "Wow."

Caleb's dad said maybe they should turn the flashlight off, so he turned the nighttime mode off, and it became daytime again. They saw that there was also a person captain of the magical sailship. Caleb showed the captain that he had the magic ring with a blinking button which could give him robot hands. He also showed the captain that he had a magic flashlight and that he met a glow-in-the-dark octopus that spins in the air just like a helicopter. The captain said that was very special.

Caleb was getting hungry, and one of the monkeys brought in a banana for a snack. Caleb ate it up, and it was very delicious. It was getting late, so Caleb's dad told him it was time for them to go back to their house. Caleb packed up his magic flashlight and his magic ring, and he said goodbye to the glow-in-the-dark octopus. Caleb and his dad went home, and they lived happily ever after. The end.

Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they will like it.