Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime womb is my name is Carolyn. I am three years old. I live in Virginia. Can you please tell me a story of an octopus, a magic light, and a magic ring? Thank you, Mr. Steve. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a three year old boy who lives in Virginia and whose name is Caleb. Caleb asked for us to make up a story that includes an octopus, a magic light, and a magic ring. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a three year old boy whose name was Caleb. He loved to play with boats in the bath. And one day Caleb's father told him, today we are going to go to the sea and we're going to see real ships and submarines. And Caleb said, Yay. The next day, Caleb and his dad went all the way to the harbor where there were a lot of ships docked in the water. Caleb asked his dad if they could go in one of the ships, and Caleb's dad said yes. When they got on the ship, caleb saw that it was really a magical ship because the sails on the sail ship that they were on were made of bubblegum. And there was a magic flashlight that was on the floor of the ship. It was right by the wood of the ship. And Caleb picked up the flashlight. The flashlight felt very magical, and it had three switches. One switch was an on switch. That's how you turned the flashlight on and made it shine light. The second switch was an off switch. That's how you turn the flashlight off so it doesn't shine light. But the magic flashlight also had a third switch. The third switch said nighttime. And if you shined the magic flashlight in any room and you had the switch set to nighttime, then it made it nighttime in that room. For example, if you went into your bedroom and it was light, and you brought the magic flashlight, if you turned the switch on to nighttime, then it would automatically turn off the lights. And even outside, the sun would be set and it would be night, but you wouldn't be sleepy, so you would get to play. Well, Caleb thought that this was a really special magic flashlight. And as he was walking on the ship, there were monkeys. And one of the monkeys said that Caleb could have the magical flashlight to keep. Well, Caleb was so happy. Caleb and his dad were walking around the boat, and it was in middle of the day, but Caleb was hungry for dinner. And so Caleb turned on his flashlight and do you know what happened, bud? What? What happened was it became night in the whole world, and Caleb was wearing his pajamas, and so were Caleb's daddy. And Caleb said, dad, it's nighttime and I haven't had dinner yet. And Caleb's dad had to make Caleb dinner. Right? That second. Well, the ship was really special because not only did it have these monkeys walking around the ship and not only did the ship have this magic flashlight and not only were the sails of this sailship made of bubblegum, but also there was a magic ring on the ship. The magic ring was flashing and it fit on a kid's finger. It was in a treasure chest that Caleb found on the ship. Caleb opened the treasure chest and he saw the magic ring blinking. Caleb asked his dad if he could put on the magic ring and Caleb's dad said yes. So Caleb put the magic ring on one of his fingers and it fit him just right. And then the magic ring started to blink and it turned Caleb's hands into robot hands. And suddenly Caleb's fingers turned from regular people fingers into metal fingers. And whenever he moved his fingers, he moved his metal fingers. And then Caleb's whole hand turned to be made of metal, just like a robot. And Caleb's hands were so powerful, he was able to catch a spider with his robot hands. And he was able to do so many things that only robots can do with his special robot hands. And when Caleb wanted to make his hands regular again, he pressed the button on the magic ring which was blinking different colors. And then after he pressed the button, caleb's hands and Caleb's fingers were regular people hands and people fingers too. And Caleb had so much fun with this magic ring because as he was on the ship, one of the monkeys handed Caleb such a heavy wheelbarrow. And the monkey asked Caleb, can you even hold this whole wheelbarrow up by yourself? And Caleb pressed the blinking button on his magic ring on his finger and suddenly his fingers turned into metal and his hand did, too. And he was robotstrong. And he lifted the wheelbarrow over his head on the ship with the sails that were made of gum. And Caleb's robot hands were so strong. Well, Caleb told his dad that he would press the blinking magic button on his ring again and turn his hands back into people hands because he wanted to be a regular kid again for a little bit. And so Caleb pressed the blinking button on his magic ring and his hands turned into regular people hands again. And Caleb picked up his magic flashlight and he turned the switch onto nighttime mode. And when he turned the flashlight switch onto nighttime mode, he shined the flashlight into a room which was right where the captain steered the ship. And the room where the captain steered the ship turned all dark, just like it was nighttime. Was the captain able to see? And the captain wasn't able to see. But then Caleb saw that there was an octopus that was glow in the dark. So you could see the glow in the dark octopus even though it was nighttime on the flashlight that was in the captain's headquarters. And the octopus was glow in the dark, and it was flying through the air by spinning its tentacles. And Caleb had never seen a flying octopus before, so he asked the octopus, how can you fly around by turning your tentacles and spinning so fast like a helicopter? And octopus said he was really the secret captain of the ship, and he was also able to steer the ship with his glow in the dark octopus tentacles. And Caleb said, wow. Well, Caleb's dad said maybe they should turn the flashlight onto off mode. And he turned the nighttime mode off, and it became daytime again. And he saw that there was also a person captain of the magic sailship that he was on. He showed the captain of the sailship, who is a regular person, that he had the magic ring with a blinking button which could give him robot hands. And he also showed the person captain that he also had a magic flashlight and that he met a glow in the dark octopus that spins in the air just like a helicopter. And the captain said that was very special. Caleb was getting hungry, and one of the monkeys brought in a banana for a snack, and Caleb ate it up, and it was very delicious. Well, it was getting late, and so Caleb's dad told him that it was time for them to go back to their house. And so Caleb packed up his magic flashlight, he packed up his magic ring, and he said goodbye to the glow in the dark octopus. And Caleb and his dad went home, and they lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.