Once upon a time, a long time ago, Violet was with her mom in the playground. When they got to the playground, they saw that it was starting to rain glitter, and everything seemed like it was becoming a little bit magical. For example, in the glitter rain, they saw a rainbow, and there was also a kind of whistling that was far away and sounded a little bit like wind and a little bit like a whistle. And it went and then Violet suddenly heard her voice, and she heard a sound that said, "Violet, Violet." And Violet told her mom that she heard her voice in the whistle and that she needed to go to see who it was. And her mom said, "Okay, but let's bring Luke and Lincoln." And then Violet, Luke, and Lincoln walked, and they tried to follow where the rainbow was.

As they got closer and closer to the end of the rainbow, it got so foggy, it seemed like a cloud fell down from the sky. And the cloud is all over. And there was so much grass on the field that they were walking on, and suddenly the grass turned purple. And they were walking on the purple grass. And a little bit of the purple grass was wet. So Violet's shoes were getting wet, and Luke's shoes were getting wet, and Lincoln's shoes were getting wet. And then they heard the voice again, and it said, "Violet. Violet." And suddenly they saw that there was a unicorn behind the bushes, and the unicorn was named Uni the Unicorn. Uni the Unicorn had a rainbow-colored horn. And Uni the Unicorn was the one who was saying, "Violet. Violet." And Violet said, "I didn't know that unicorns could talk." And Luke said, "I'm pretty sure this is just, like, somebody in a costume dressed up as a unicorn. Like two people? Yeah, like two people. Like, one person standing in the back as the back legs, and one person's in the front, and they're wearing a costume." But Violet said, "Let's go closer." And Violet's mom held Violet's hand and Luke's hand, and she carried Lincoln at the same time. And they got right up close to the unicorn, and the unicorn wasn't a costume. It was a real unicorn named Uni.

And Uni the Unicorn said, "Violet, there's a problem, and I need your help." And Violet said, "What's the problem? What's the problem?" And Uni the Unicorn said that there was a chocolate factory, and somebody took the whole chocolate factory away in a helicopter. They attached ropes to the factory, and it was a very big helicopter, and they took the whole chocolate factory away. And because they took the chocolate factory away, there was no chocolate left. There was no chocolate in any one piece, not even one speck, not even one little piece of chocolate, not even a particle of chocolate. All of the stores were empty of chocolate. All of the candy shops had no chocolate. All of the gas stations had no chocolate. And even kids who had saved up their chocolate, and even Moms and Dads, their chocolate poofed and vanished and disappeared, and Uni the Unicorn, the ones that were in our tummy. And if chocolate was in somebody's tummy, then it just turned into asparagus, which is a kind of vegetable.

And Violet said, "Uni the Unicorn, how did all the chocolate disappear? And why would somebody take away the chocolate factory? Are they a mean person?" And Uni the Unicorn said, "I think we're going to need your help solving this mystery." And Violet said, "Well, how could I help? I'm just four." And Uni the Unicorn said to Violet, "Well, maybe Luke, who's seven years old, could help, and maybe your little brother Lincoln could even help, even though he's just one year old." And Violet said okay. And Uni the Unicorn said, "Violet, can you kind of tickle me? Because when unicorns tickle, do you know what happens? Unicorns don't have a regular laugh. Like, if you tickle a person, they go, Ha. But when you tickle a unicorn, unicorns make out magic dust. They make out magic dust that can turn into tomato seeds." And so Violet well, let's see. And Violet started tickling Uni the Unicorn, and so did Luke, and so did Lincoln, and so did Violet's. Mama. And the unicorn thought it was so silly and started the unicorn was sometimes when people laugh so hard, they start to cry. Not a bad crying, like, they're sad, but they cry because it's so funny. And Uni the Unicorn started to cry because she thought it was so funny. And do you know what happened? Magical tomato seeds started to come out of Uni the Unicorn's eye, and instead of teardrops, because when unicorns cry, they don't cry tears, they cry magic seeds. So magic seeds came out of Uni the Unicorn's eyes, and then the magic seeds started falling in the purple grass.

And just as that happened, it started raining glitter. And the glitter is really good for magic seeds, because glitter helps magic seeds grow. And Uni the Unicorn said, "Well, now that there's magic seeds, I think that tomatoes are going to grow." And Violet said, "Well, I don't see any tomatoes." And then right after Violet said that, then those tomatoes well, right after she said that, she saw all the purple grass change colors into red. Yeah. And it became red grass. It looks like tomatoes. And suddenly the tomatoes started to come out of the ground. And it was such a big tomato. Usually tomatoes are red. It was as big as a beach ball, bigger than a soccer ball. It was like as big as an exercise ball or it's even bigger than a kid. And it was such big tomatoes. Well, not as big as a house, but it was as big as like a small car. And the tomato was so big. And Uni the Unicorn said, "We're going to need somebody to help us with the tomato." And Uni the Unicorn made a special magical unicorn sound that went up a deep. And just as she made that, there was a girl who was holding an umbrella, and she was floating through the sky in the umbrella. It was like a parachute umbrella. And she started floating down right onto the tomato plant. And she was wearing a princess dress. And the girl said, "My name is princess Ariella, and I am friends with Uni the Unicorn, and I know how to make these tomatoes into chocolate." And she said, "Wibble wabble wibble weebly." And suddenly the big tomatoes became huge, huge pieces of chocolate.

Everyone started gobbling, and all the kids from the whole city and the whole state of Texas came and started running and saying, "Yay, there's more chocolate." And they all started to share it. And just as they did that, just as they did that, they saw that there was an airplane that was saving the day and brought back the chocolate factory. And the pilot of the airplane said, "Sorry that we had to take the chocolate factory. There is a different city far away that nobody knows about where kids in that city didn't have any chocolate. And so I needed to bring the chocolate factory to share chocolate with those kids. But now those kids had some. So I'm bringing the chocolate factory back." And Violet and Luke and Lincoln were like, "Oh, that's why the chocolate factory was missing." But they were so lucky because now they had a chocolate factory and also tomatoes that turned into chocolate. And all the kids in all of Texas were so happy that Violet saved the day. They all said, "Yay, Violet. Yay, Luke. Yay, Lincoln and Violet and Luke and Lincoln and their mama lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends it to listen to make up because they like it."