Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Petra. Petra was going for a bike ride on her special new bike that she was learning to ride, and she was getting pretty good at it. As Petra was riding her bike, she saw a diamond necklace right next to her front tire, lying on the sidewalk. So Petra got off her bike, picked it up, and said, "Mom, look, I just found this diamond necklace." Petra's mom looked at the shiny necklace and told Petra she could wear it for now. They would put up some signs to see if anybody lost it and to tell people if they lost the diamond necklace, they should check for Petra's house or call Petra's mom.

Petra and her mom went home and started drawing and coloring some notes with pictures of diamond necklaces and their address on them. Later that day, they put up all the posters around the town. They went to the playground and put up a poster right on the bottom of the slides. They also went to all the stores, asking the store owners if they could put the special posters they colored, showing the diamond necklace, in the windows. All the store owners said yes. Petra and her mom even went to the police station, and the police also said they could help look for whoever lost the diamond necklace. Petra asked the police if it was okay if she wore it in the meantime, and they said it was okay.

So Petra had the diamond necklace around her neck, and she and her mom went home for dinner. That night, Petra's mom decided to cook a special dinner: meatballs, chicken nuggets, and a really yummy kind of noodle with a special sauce that only kids like and no grownups like. This sauce was white, a little bit sugary, and tasted so yummy to kids.

While Petra was eating the special noodles with the special sauce and about to have a chicken nugget, she suddenly heard some knocking on the windows. Petra, her mom, and her dad went to the window, and when they shined their flashlight out, they saw a doggie made of diamond that could move. The diamond dog was banging against their window, asking if it could come in. Petra told the dog to go around to the front of the house, and her mom opened the front door. The diamond dog came inside, moving its legs in a special way. Whenever it moved its legs or head, there was a little bit of lightning, not enough to hurt anybody, but it looked very pretty.

The diamond dog said his name was Crystal and told Petra that he came from a different world where there were still dinosaurs. In that world, a princess lost a diamond necklace, and it fell through the sky and landed somewhere on the ground. Crystal, the diamond dog, told Petra that he was looking all over the world to find the diamond necklace that came from the princess who lived in the different world. Petra asked Crystal if he saw their posters they put all over town, and Crystal said he did. He had been looking all over lots of towns, all over the whole world, and he finally found their poster.

Crystal told Petra that she should ride on him all the way through the sky to the different world where the princess was missing the necklace. If the princess found that Petra was the one who saved the necklace, she would give Petra a present. Petra asked her parents if she could go, and they said it was okay, but she needed to come back before bedtime. Petra asked Crystal if she would be able to go back in time for bedtime, and Crystal said that because they could go at light speed with his special lightning power, they would be back before her parents could even get a bath ready. Petra agreed.

So she hopped on Crystal, the Diamond Dog, and they went outside her house to the sidewalk. Crystal told Petra to hold on, and suddenly there was a flash of light. When Petra opened her eyes, she was already in the different world. This world was inside a bubble with a see-through sky, and you could see all the way to the other side of the world. There were also little rainbows that moved all over the sky, making it very pretty. Instead of raining, rainbows came down, and plants got wet from sprinklers that were under the ground. The oceans in this world were under the land, so rain came from underground through hoses and sprinklers.

Petra looked around this strange new world and saw that everything could fly, even the people. Some people had five different legs and were really good at acrobatic tricks. There were many princesses in this world. One of the princesses came up to Petra and Crystal and said that there was a dinosaur, her special friend, who was getting really tired. One day, while the dinosaur was tired, it took her necklace and threw it away.

Petra told the princess not to worry because she had the necklace. The princess told Petra that she saved the day and could have a magical rainbow horse to bring back to the regular world. Petra got to ride the rainbow-colored horse all the way back through the sky to her home. Petra and her family lived happily ever after. The end.