Go. Hi. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Petra. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Hi. My name is Petra. I'm from Redondo Beach, California. I'm going to be five years old on October, verse six, and I would like a story about a crystal puppy and a mean dino and a rainbow horse. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Petra who lives in Redondo Beach, California, and who turns five years old today on October 6. And so we want to say happy birthday, Petra. Happy birthday to Petra. And Petra asks for us to make up a story about a crystal puppy, a mean dinosaur and a rainbow horse. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Petra. Petra was going for a bike ride. She had a special new bike that she was learning to ride and that she was getting pretty good at. Well, as Petra was riding her bike, she saw that right next to the front tire, there was a diamond necklace. The diamond necklace was right there on the ground, right on the sidewalk. So Petra got off her bike and she picked it up and she said, mom, look, I just got this diamond bright, this diamond necklace. And Petra's mom looked at the diamond necklace and she saw that it was so shiny. And she told Petra that she could wear it for now. And they would put up some signs to see if anybody lost it and to tell people if they lost the diamond necklace that they should check for Petra's house or call Petra's mom. Well, Petra and her mom went home and they started scribbling and drawing and coloring some notes that showed pictures of diamond necklaces and had their address on it. Later that day, they put up all of the posters all around the town. They went to the playground and they put up a poster right on the bottom of the slides. They also went to all of the stores, and they asked the store owners if they could put the special kind of posters that they colored that showed the diamond necklace in the windows. And all of the store owners said yes. Petra and her mom even went to the police station. And when they got to the police station, the police also said they could help look for whoever lost the diamond necklace. Petra asked the police if it was okay if she wore it in the meantime. And the police also said that it was okay. So Petra had the diamond necklace right around her neck, and she and her mom went home back to their house for dinner. That night, Petra's mom decided to cook a special dinner. The dinner this night was meatballs and chicken nuggets and a really yummy kind of noodle with a special sauce that only kids like and no grownups like. That kind of sauce is a white sauce but it's not like a regular white sauce that goes on noodles. It tastes like a little bit sugary and grownups think it doesn't taste good but when kids taste it, it tastes so yummy. Well, Petra was eating the special kind of noodles with a special kind of sauce and she was also about to have a chicken nugget when suddenly she heard some knocking on the windows. And Petra went with her mom and her dad to the window and when they shined their flashlight out the window they saw that there was a doggie. But the doggie wasn't a regular doggie. The doggie was made of diamond. Only it could move. The diamond dog was banging against their window and asking ifika come in. Petra told the dog that it should go around to the front of the house. And then Petra's mom opened the front door. The dog that was made of diamond came inside. It was hard for it to move its legs because diamond is kind of hard, but it had a special way to do it. And whenever it moved its legs or whenever the diamond dog moved its head, you can see that there is a little bit of lightning. Not enough to hurt anybody, but it looked very pretty. Well, the diamond dog said his name was Crystal and Crystal told Petra that he came from a different world where there were still dinosaurs. And in that world there was a princess who lost a diamond necklace and it fell through the sky and landed somewhere on the ground. And the dog that was made of diamond, whose name was Crystal told Petra that he was looking all over the world to try to find the diamond necklace that came from the princess who lived in the different world. And Petra told the Crystal dog who is made of diamonds. She said, did you see our posters that we put all over town which show that we found the necklace? And the dog that was made of diamonds said that he did. He had been looking all over lots of towns, all over the whole world and he finally found their poster. So the dog told Petra that Petra should go for a ride on the diamond dog all the way through the sky to the different world where there was the princess that was missing the necklace. Because if the princess found that Petra was the one who really saved the necklace, then the princess from the different world was going to give Petra a present. Petra asked her parents if she could go and her parents said that it was okay, but that she needed to come back before bedtime. So Petra asked the dog, which was made of diamond, if she would be able to go back all the way in time for bedtime. And the dog that was made of diamond said that because they could go at light speed since he had that special lightning power in him. They would be back before her parents could even get a bath ready. And Petra said okay. So she hopped on the Diamond Dog and the Diamond Dog went outside of her house right to the sidewalk. And the diamond dog told Petra to hold on. And Petra held on. And suddenly there was a flash of light. And when Petra opened her eyes, she was already at the different world. The other world was really very interesting because the whole world was inside of a bubble. Instead of having a regular sky that was a color, the sky was see through and you can see all the way to the other side of the world. There were also little kinds of rainbows that you can see in bubbles sometimes. And the rainbows would move all over the bubbles. And so the sky in this different world was really pretty colors. And instead of raining in the world, it only had rainbows come down. And the way that plants and stuff got wet for them to grow is that there were sprinklers that were under the ground in this different world. And rain came up from the ground instead of down from the clouds because the water was instead of having oceans and stuff that were on top of the land, the oceans in that planet were under the land. So instead of rain coming from the sky, the rain actually came from underground. There were a lot of hoses and stuff and sprinklers. Well, Petra was looking around this strange new world and she saw that everything was able to fly, even the people. And everyone looked kind of silly because the people in this different world, some of them had like, five different legs. Some of them were really good at kind of doing like, acrobatic tricks or gymnastics tricks. And it was really fun because there were so many princesses. Well, one of the princesses came up to Petra and the Diamond Dog, whose name was Crystal. And the princess said that there was a dinosaur and the dinosaur on this planet because dinosaurs weren't extinct in this planet yet since no meteor crashed into this planet since it was protected by the bubble. Well, the princess said that there was a dinosaur that was her special friend. And the dinosaur that was the princess's friend on this planet was kind of like he was getting really tired. And one day, while the dinosaur was tired, it took her necklace and it threw the necklace away. And Petra told the princess not to worry because she had the necklace. And the princess told Petra that Petra saved the day. And the princess also told Petra that she could have a magical rainbow horse to bring back to the regular world near Redundo Beach, California. And Petra got to ride a rainbow colored horse all the way back through the sky back to California. And Petra and her family lived happily ever after. The end thanks for listening to the story. Now it's time for us to answer some bedtime questions. If you have a bedtime question, then you can submit the question to makesup Stories@gmail.com. Here's her first question. Hi, my name is Sophie. I'm three years old. I live in Harvey Bay. A player. I want to know why unicorns have horns. Tonight's first question is from a girl named Sylvie, and Sylvie asks us why unicorns have horns. That is a very good question. There are some other animals that have one horn, like a rhinoceros, for example. But unicorns don't look like rhinoceros. They look a little bit more like horses or zebras, but unicorns are more magical than horses and zebras. Nobody really knows why unicorns have a big horn, but people do think that the reason that unicorns have a big horn is because in the old and olden days, when unicorns were all over the North Pole, they used their horn to kind of dig in the snow to find treasures. Buddy, do you have another answer to that question? No. Okay, thanks for that question. Hi. My name is Michael. Her name is Zoe. I'm four, and Zoe's two. We live in Peach Decor, Georgia, and I want to say, why do you make up stories? Tonight's second question comes from siblings Michael and Zoe. And Michael and Zoe ask, why do we make up stories? Jonah, do you want to answer that first? My answer is that we started making up stories because I used to listen to them with my dad that my dad just made for me. But we didn't record it like you hear you weren't hearing those, but now we record it and let you ask. That's right. That's how we started making up stories. But I also want to tell Michael and Zoe and all of the kids listening that we also make up stories because we think it helps kids grow their imagination. If you listen to makeup stories, you'll get good at imagining things and telling stories. And if you're good at imagining things and you're good at telling stories, then that means you're good at thinking. The end. Hi. My name is Jane. I live in Massachusetts, and my question is, do you eat snowballs? And our third question tonight comes from a girl named Jane who lives in Massachusetts, and Jane asks us if we eat snowballs. What's your answer, bud? The answer is we do eat snowballs, and we think they're very yummy. That's right. We eat snowballs from clean snow. And if we want to make them very yummy, then we try to put, like, grape juice or strawberry juice or some yummy kind of juice in the snowball and put it in a cup. And you could also make special snowball vanilla ice cream. If you mix vanilla ice cream and some milk in it, it kind of tastes like a milkshake, and it's very yummy.