Once upon a time, there was a big boy named John, who just turned five years old. John lived in a special house in the middle of the Savannah. The Savannah is a flatland with tall grass, some trees, and other things. A lot of the times, the grass is kind of yellow. Did you know that lions are very good at hiding in the Savannah? Well, John knew that.

One day, John decided to look for a lion while walking on a trail. His mom said, "You'll never find one because you don't have binoculars." But John remembered that he had made binoculars earlier and left them by a tree in his backyard. So before going on the hike, John picked up the binoculars he made, which had magnifying glasses inside, and took them with him.

They started hiking through a trail in the Savannah and walked through some grass. As they did that, John looked through his binoculars and saw something yellowish moving through the grass. His mom asked, "What is it?" John heard a sound like a meow and said, "I think it's a kitty cat." He and his mom went to find it. Do you know what it ended up being? It was a baby lion trying to make a little roar.

John saw that the baby lion was all alone and asked his mom if they could take it home and feed it with a bottle. His mom agreed. So John let the baby lion crawl on his shoulder and gave it a ride all the way home. It wasn't easy to hold the lion on his shoulder because its claws were a little sharp, but the baby lion was gentle with John.

When they got home, they found John's baby sister, Delilah, crying because she had spilled her bottle. John said, "Oh, Delilah, we actually need your bottle, so don't worry." Before John could fill up the bottle with more milk, the lion jumped off his shoulder onto the kitchen floor and started licking up the milk. Delilah thought it was a kitty cat and said, "Kitty cat." John said, "No, it's just a baby lion."

That night, they had meatballs, spaghetti, and berries for dinner. As they were eating, the lion jumped on John's lap and took a meatball off his fork. John told the lion not to do that, and the lion responded with a friendly little roar. John's mom said that John and Delilah could each give the lion one meatball and eat the rest. So they shared with the lion and went to sleep.

The next day, the lion had breakfast with them. Instead of eggs, the lion liked bacon the most. The lion ate so much bacon that there was almost not enough for John and Delilah. John told his mom to go to the store to get more bacon, hot dogs, and some lamb. He also asked if they had zebra or antelope meat, they should get some. John's mom agreed.

John, his mom, baby sister Delilah, and the family's Jeep went to the supermarket. At the supermarket, John asked the grocer if they had antelope, zebra, or buffalo meat. The grocer said, "No, because usually people don't eat those." John explained that they had a baby lion they were taking care of, and the grocer gave them some buffalo meat.

John told his mom they should keep the lion until it becomes big, and it will still be nice to them because they took care of it when it was little. His mom agreed. Delilah started to play with the lion and brush its hair. As the lion got bigger, it let John and Delilah ride on its back. They would hold onto the lion's mane to steer it.

One day, John and Delilah were having a picnic without the lion. They decided to play hopscotch and drew it on the ground. As they were playing, a cheetah suddenly appeared and tried to get Delilah. John couldn't fight the cheetah, but then they heard a roar. It was their baby lion, now bigger because John kept feeding it meatballs, bacon, and buffalo meat. The lion chased away the cheetah and gave John and Delilah a ride home. They told their mom what happened, and she was glad the lion was there to protect them.

As John and Delilah grew up, their pet lion grew with them, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.