Once upon a time, there was a big boy whose name was John, and it was John's birthday, and he just turned to be five years old. And John lived in a special house in the middle of the Savannah. And the Savannah is a flatland that has tall grass and some trees and stuff. And a lot of the times, the grass is kind of yellow. And do you know it's very camouflaged in the Savannah lions. Well, John knew that. And so when he was walking about one day, he decided to keep his eye out on a trail for a lion. And his mom said, you're never going to be able to find one because you don't have binoculars with you. But John realized that he had made binoculars earlier and left it by a tree in his backyard. So before he went on the hike next time, John went to the backyard, picked up the binoculars he made, which he put magnifying glasses inside of, and then took it on the hike. They started to hike through a trail in the Savannah and walked through some grass. Well, as they did that, John looked through his binoculars and saw something that was little yellowish moving through the grass. And his mom said, what is it? And he heard something that sounded like a meow and went like this. And John said, I think it's a kitty cat. And he and his mom went to find it. And do you know what it ended up being? It was a baby lion. And instead of going meow, it was gone. I was trying to make a little roar. Well, John saw that it was all alone, and John asked his mom if they could take it home and feed it with a bottle. And his mom said yes. So John let the little baby lion crawl on top of his shoulder and gave it a shoulder ride all the way home. Well, it wasn't so easy to hold the lion on his shoulder because the lion's claws were a little bit sharp. But the baby lion was still gentle with John. And so they went all the way home to John's house, and they opened the front door to his house. And when they got into the kitchen, do you know who was there? It was John's baby sister, Delilah. And she was crying because she just spilled her bottle. And John said, oh, Delilah, we actually need your bottle, so don't worry. And you know what happened? Before John could even fill up the bottle with more milk, the lion jumped off of John's shoulder right onto the kitchen floor and started licking up the milk. And Delilah thought it was a kitty cat. And she said, kitty cat. And John said, no, it's just a baby lion. Well, afterwards, they decided to have dinner. And for dinner that night, it was meatballs, spaghetti, and berries. Well, as they were eating at the dinner table, they all had plates in front of them. And John picked up his meatball with a fork just like his parents taught him. But do you know what happened? The lion jumped on his lap and took the meatball off the fork and ate it all by himself. So John said to the lion that it shouldn't do it. And the lion said, but it was a friendly little roar. And so John's mama told him that John and Delilah could each give the lion one meatball and Delete the rest. And so they both shared with the lion, and they went to sleep. And the next day, they had breakfast for the lion, which instead of having eggs, do you know what the lion liked the most for breakfast? Bacon. And he ate so much bacon for breakfast, there was almost not enough for John and Delilah. But John told his mom to go to the store to get more and also to get like, hot dogs and some lamb. And John said that if they had some zebra in the store and some antelope, then they should also get some. And John's mom said, okay. And John asked if he could go with his mom to the store. So John said, let's also bring my baby sister Jalila. And John and his mama went with the baby sister Delibula and the family's Jeep all the way to the supermarket. When they got to the supermarket, John asked the grocer, who's in charge of the supermarket, do you have any antelope meat or zebra meat or even any buffalo meat? And do you know what the store keeper said to him? What the grocer said to him? He said, no, because usually people don't eat those. And then John said, well, it's okay, because we have a baby lion we're taking care of, and it's so nice and sweet and cuddly. And the grocer said, well, we do have some buffalo meat, and maybe you can have that. And so the grocer gave John some buffalo meat, and they went home. The next day, John told his mom that they should keep the lion until it becomes big, and it will still be so nice to them because they took care of it when it was little. And John's mom said, that's such a good idea. Well, his sister Delilah started to play with the lion, used to brush its hair. And as the lion got bigger and bigger, do you know it used to let John and Delilah do go on rides. And John and Delilah would go on the lion rides. And the lion started to grow a big mane, which is hair on the back of its head, and it would let John and Delilah hold onto the main to steer it. And so if John wanted the lion to go to the right, he would just pull on the main to the right. And if John wanted the lion to go to the left, he would pull on the main to the left. And if John wanted the lion to go straight, he would push his head straight. And if John wanted the lion to go fast, he would press the fast button, which was the lion's ear, and then the lion would say and run fast with him on top. So John and his sister Delilah used to always get to go on these lion rides. And even though they weren't so big, john's mama and daddy let them always go out by themselves because there was a lion to protect them. But one day, John and Delilah were having a picnic by themselves, and they didn't bring the lion with them. And as they were having a picnic, they decided to play a game, and the game is called hopscotch. So they started to use their chalk to draw some hopscotch right in the dirt wherever they were standing. And first they drew one on the first one, and then they put two on top of that and said, two and three. And they put one on top of that and said, Four. One on top of that and said, five. And they kept building the hopscotch until they started jumping in it. Well, John was taking a break, and Delilah was doing it, when suddenly something very fast came running, and it pushed Delilah over and tried to get her. And John said, oh, no, it's a cheetah. It's a cheetah. And just as he said that, he couldn't fight the cheetah because the cheetah was too big even for John. And suddenly John heard a and do you know who it was? It was baby Tyco. Yeah, it says baby lion, which had gotten bigger because John kept fetting it meatballs, bacon, buffalo meat. And it came to save them. And so it chased away the cheetah. And after it chased away the cheetah, it gave John and Delilah a ride home. And John and Delilah told their mom what happened. And the mom said, well, good thing the lion was close by, because otherwise that could have been a little bit dangerous. And John said, yeah, good thing we saved this lion. Now it's always our friend. And as John and Delilah got bigger, they had a pet lion that grew bigger with them, and they all lived happily ever after. The end. No, I want to hear your that's the end of the story. If you want me to make up a special story for you, then tell me three special things you want to be in the story and your name and write a review. I'll make up a special story just for you.