Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was an eight-year-old girl named Dolly. Dolly lived in an apartment and had her own bedroom. Most nights, she had a special friend sleep in her bedroom with her, so she wasn't alone. Her friend was actually a doggie with spots all over, and Dolly called him Lucky because he was always so lucky. Lucky the Doggie was super fast and could even beat the fastest eight-year-old in the whole world in a race. Sometimes, Lucky could even beat grownups in races, even if they tried their hardest.

One day, Dolly woke up, and during breakfast, her mama told her that Lucky had to go live on a farm. This made Dolly very sad because Lucky used to escape a lot, and she didn't want to say goodbye to him forever. So Dolly started to cry, hugged Lucky, and said, "I'll miss you so much." Then Dolly asked her mama, "Mama, do we really have to let him go?" And Dolly's mama said yes because Lucky had an important job to do on the farm. Dolly asked her mom, "What's the job?" And her mom said she couldn't tell her, but it might have something to do with cows and a lion. Dolly asked if she could visit Lucky on the farm, and her mom said she wasn't sure.

The next day, Lucky left. Dolly gave him a special teddy bear and a ball to take with him. So Lucky went in a car the next day. After that, Dolly was all alone at home and felt so bored because there were no games to play, no good food in the refrigerator, and all her friends couldn't play with her. Dolly said, "Mom, I'm so bored. I don't know what to do, and I really want to be playing with my dog Lucky now." And Dolly's mom said, "Well, maybe we could figure out what Lucky is doing." And Dolly said, "That sounds like a really good idea."

So Dolly put on her detective clothes, grabbed a magnifying glass and a suitcase, and told her mom they were going to find Lucky. Her mom took Dolly in a car, and they went to a farm. At the farm, Dolly saw that Lucky was indeed there. Lucky was taking care of a kitty cat on the farm. The kitty cat was scared of all the cows because it was so little, and the cows were so big. Lucky's job was to bark, "Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof," if a cow got too close to the kitty cat. Lucky and the kitty cat became such good friends that Lucky even let the kitty cat go for rides. Most doggies like to bark at kitty cats, but Lucky loved this kitty cat.

Lucky and the kitty cat became best friends. One day, the kitty cat started to grow bigger and bigger, and Dolly visited the farm. She told her mom, "Mom, I don't think that's a regular kitty cat. I think it's some other kind of cat because it's growing way too big." Lucky continued to take care of the kitty cat, even though it was getting as big as a dog. Then Dolly decided to bring some milk in a bowl for the kitty cat to drink. By this time, the kitty cat had grown even bigger than a person, with a great big mane and big, sharp teeth. Dolly told her mom that she thinks it's not a kitty cat, but a lion. And when they found the kitty cat, it just looked like a kitty cat because it was a baby lion. But now, it's a big lion. And Dolly's mom said she thinks she's right.

Dolly was happy that Lucky had a best friend who was a lion because they would go on patrol together. At night, when it was dark and crickets made sounds in the grass, two animals would patrol around the farm to make sure no wolves or coyotes came in. And do you know who those two animals were? Yes, it was Lucky the dog and the lion.

One day, they were patrolling the farm when they heard a noise that sounded like "ho, ho, ho." Dolly was also patrolling with them, riding on the lion's back. Suddenly, Dolly saw some wolves coming. The lion and Lucky ran up to the wolves, and the lion roared, "RA." The wolf said, "We're going to blow your fence down." Lucky the dog barked, "Woof. Woof." And Dolly shouted to the wolves, "Go away." The wolves were so scared because they couldn't fight a lion, an eight-year-old girl, and a doggie. So the wolves went away, but they forgot to pick up something they left behind. And do you know what it was? It was carrot cake.

Actually, these wolves were not so mean. They were maybe delivering a gift to the cows or something. But Dolly picked up the carrot cake and brought it back to the barn. She shared the carrot cake with Lucky the dog and the lion. Her mom told Dolly that even though Lucky had to live on the farm to have fun adventures with the lion, she could come visit him from time to time. And Dolly went back home, finally.

Well, Lucky and the lion stopped patrolling because they realized the wolves were not so mean. They were just there to deliver cake. So they were trying to deliver some cake to the cows? Yes. How did they make the carrot cake? That's a good question. They found some carrots, mushed them up, and added sugar. Maybe for an oven, they used a forest fire or left it out in the sun for a long time. What do you think?

Maybe they found a broken magnifying glass, put it to the sun, and it made a little fire. Yes, they could put their paws on it to help direct the sunlight.

Well, anyway, Dolly and her dog Lucky lived happily ever after. The end.