Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. Get ready to listen to fun and non scary stories that I make up on the fly without preparing. I tell these stories to my five year old son as part of his bedtime routine. Thanks for listening. Tonight's, Makeup Stories, a request from a listener who asked for me to make up a story about her dog named Lucky who has spots. And also we're going to include in this story a kitty cat eight year old girl who we're going to call Dolly. And we're also going to add to the story a cow and a lion. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was an eight year old girl whose name was Dolly. Dolly lived in an apartment, and she had a bedroom. And most nights, she had a special somebody sleep in her bedroom with her. She wasn't sleeping all alone. The buddy who slept in the bedroom with her was really a doggie. And this doggie was spotted because it had spots all over. And Dolly liked to call her doggie Lucky, because Lucky the Doggie was always so lucky. And Lucky the Doggie was also so fast, it could even beat the fastest eight year old in the whole world in a race. And sometimes Lucky the Doggie could even beat grownups in races, even if grownups tried to race their fastest and went speed fast. Well, one day, Dolly woke up and during breakfast, her mama told her that her doggie named Lucky had to go live on a farm. And that made Dolly very sad, because Lucky used to escape a lot of times, and Dolly didn't want to have to say goodbye to Lucky for good. And so Dolly started to cry, and she hugged Lucky, and she said, I'll miss you so much. And then Dolly asked her, mama, Mama, do we really have to let her go? And Dolly's mama said yes, because she has an important job to do on a farm. And Dolly asked her mom, what's the job? And her mom said that she couldn't tell her, but there might have something to do with cows and a lion. And so Dolly asked if she could visit her doggie Lucky on the farm, and her mom said she wasn't sure. Well, the next day, the doggie left. And Dolly left her doggie a special teddy bear to take with him and also a ball that she used to throw and that Dolly would try to get and fetch and bring back. So the doggie, Lucky, went in a car the next day. I'll tell you, bud, the next day, Dolly was all alone at home, and she was trying to think of what to do, but she was so bored because there were no games to play and there was no good food in the refrigerator, and all of her friends couldn't play with her. And Dolly said, mom, I'm so bored. I don't know what to do, and I really want to be playing with my dog Lucky now. And Dolly's mom said, well, maybe we could figure out how to figure out what Lucky is doing. And Dolly said, that sounds like a really good idea. So Dolly got her detective clothes on, and she brought a magnifying glass, and she brought a suitcase, and she told her mom that they're going to be on the hunt to figure out where Lucky was. Her mom took Dolly in a car, and they went to a farm. In the farm. Dolly ended up seeing that her dog Lucky was indeed there. And the dog, Lucky, was taking care of a kitty cat on the farm. The kitty cat was scared of all the cows because the kitty cat was so little and the cows are so big. And Lucky, the dog's job was to say, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, if a cow got too close to the kitty cat. The kitty cat was such good friends with Lucky the dog that Lucky would even let the kitty cat go for rides. A lot of times, doggies like to bark at kitty cats, but Lucky loved this kitty cat. Well, Lucky would be such good friends with the kitty cat. And one day, the kitty cat started to grow bigger and bigger and bigger, and Dolly visited the farm, and she told her mom, mom, I don't think that's a regular kitty cat. I think that's some other kind of cat, because it's growing way too big. And Lucky the doggie would keep taking care of the kitty cat, even though it was getting so big, even as big as a dog. And then Dolly decided she would also bring some milk in a bowl for the kitty cat to drink. By this time, the kitty cat had gotten so big that it was even bigger than a person, and it grew a great big mane, and the kitty cat had big, sharp teeth. And Dolly told her mom that she thinks it's really not a kitty cat, that it's a lion. And when they found the kitty cat, it just looked like a kitty cat because it was a baby lion. But really, now it's a big lion. And Dolly's mom said she thinks she's right. Well, Dolly was happy that Lucky had the best friend that was a lion, because the lion and Lucky would go on patrol together. And during the night, when it was dark and there were a lot of crickets making cricket sounds in the grass, there were two animals that would patrol around the territory of the farm to make sure no wolves or coyotes came in. And do you know who those two animals were? The dog and lion? Yes. It was Lucky, the dog and the lion. One day, they were patrolling around the territory on the farm when they heard something, and the noise sounded like ho, ho, ho. And Dolly was also patrolling with them. She was on a ride on the lion's back. And suddenly Dolly saw that there were some wolves coming. So the lion and Lucky ran right up to the wolves, and the lion said, RA. And the wolf said, we're going to blow your fence down. And lucky the dog said, woof. Woof. And Dolly shouted to the wolves, Go away. And the wolves were so scared, because wolves can't fight a lion, an eight year old girl and a doggie. So the wolves went away, but the wolves forgot to pick up something that they left behind. And do you know what it was? It was carrot cake. So actually, these wolves were not so mean. They were maybe delivering a gift to the cows or something. But Dolly picked up the carrot cake and brought it back to the barn. And she shared the carrot cake with Lucky, the dog and the lion. And her mom told Dolly that even though the dog had to live on this farm to have fun adventures with the lion, she could come visit it from time to time. And Dolly went back home, finally. But why couldn't they? So why couldn't they? So why didn't they stop patrolling? Well, the dog in line were able to stop patrolling because they realized the wolves were not so mean. They were just there to deliver cake. So they were trying to deliver some cake to the cows? Yes. How did they make the carrot cake? That is such a good question. They just found some carrots. I think that's a really good question. Yeah, maybe the wolves found, like, a bunch of carrots and they mushed it up. And then they also probably had to find some sugar to put in it, because there's some sugar and carrot cake. And then maybe for an oven. If the wolves couldn't find a regular oven, they had to get it hot near a forest fire, or they left it out in the sun for a long time. What do you think? Maybe this is what they did. Maybe they found a broken manglass, put it to the sun, and it made that little tiny fire weed maze. Yeah, that could be because Magnifying glasses, if you shine them in the sun can I get hot? Could put their paws like this. Yes, they could put their paws on it to help direct the sunlight. Well, anyway, Dolly and her dog Lucky lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. If you want me to make up a story for you, then leave a review, including your name and three things that you want to be in the story. And then I'll record a special bedtime story just for you.