Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two boys named Angus and Harvey. Angus and Harvey lived next to a desert. One day they woke up and saw a big box outside their house. Angus asked, "What's in the box?" His dad replied, "I'm not strong enough to carry it because it's such a big box." Angus ran inside to get his mom.

Angus's mom came outside, saw the huge box in their driveway, and agreed it was very big. Angus told his mom that she had to help dad carry the box inside. His mom said, "This is so big, it's almost as big as our car, so I don't even know if it's going to fit through the front door." So instead, Angus suggested they open the garage door. Angus got to press a button to open the garage door, and when it opened, he told his parents they should just push the box into the garage.

His mom, dad, Angus, and even Harvey pushed the box as hard as they could until it got into the garage. Then Angus told his parents they needed a butterknife to open it. They got a butterknife and started to open the big box. Inside, Angus saw a Power Wheels car, which is a car that kids can drive but doesn't go as fast as a real car. It was shaped like a kangaroo and called the Kangaroo Power Wheels car. It even had a special pouch in front for snacks.

Angus and Harvey charged up their Power Wheels kangaroo car and decided to take a drive through the desert. Soon they saw a snake named Sliggy. Sliggy asked why they were driving a kangaroo car, and Angus explained it was a new present from their parents. Sliggy asked if he could ride in the kangaroo pouch, but Angus said there wasn't room because that's where their snacks were.

They continued driving and saw a bunny named Benji. Benji wanted to hop into the pouch, but Harvey told him it was full. Suddenly, they saw a fire near some old trees in the desert. Angus and Harvey told Benji they had to drive away, so they turned the car away from the fire and started driving out of the desert.

As they were leaving, they saw a unique animal called an echidna named Eddie. Eddie was running away from the fire, sniffing with his big nose and searching for bugs to eat. Eddie ate a magic red insect and grew bigger than a giraffe and an elephant. Eddie said he could help Angus and Harvey escape the fire because echidnas can survive fires by digging underground and holding their breath.

Angus and Harvey agreed to let Eddie help them. Eddie gobbled them up, and they hid underground as the fire passed over them. After the fire was gone, they saw that Sliggy the snake and Benji the bunny had also survived by hiding underground.

Eddie spit Angus and Harvey out, along with some Lucky Charms cereal. Angus made room in the kangaroo pouch for Sliggy and Benji, and they drove the Power Wheels to the end of the desert. At the end, Angus's parents were waiting for them. Angus told his parents it was time for a submarine adventure.

They parked the Power Wheels, held their parents' hands, and went into a yellow submarine. They decided to live in the submarine and made a house inside. They traveled across the ocean to an island called Train Island, where there were trains everywhere.

On Train Island, they saw many special things, like train tracks on top of trains and trains that could attach to other trains. They had a lot of fun on Train Island until they had to go back home to Australia. And after they went back home, they lived happily ever after. The end.