You. Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. I'm your host, Steve. I make up new stories on the fly every day to put my five year old son to sleep. Story requests come from listeners like you. If you want to request a story, then let us know your name and something you want to be in the story. If you want a shout out or know someone whose birthday is coming up, connect with us in two Twitter, Facebook at makeup stories. If you like this podcast, please subscribe and leave us a five star review. And now we're ready for today's story. Okay, tonight's Makeup story is a request from two listeners named Angus and Harvey. Angus and Harvey live in Australia, and they asked for a story about kangaroos, echidnas, snakes, and bunnies. And we also want to add a submarine and a ChuChu train that carries other ChuChu trains to the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two boys named Angus and Harvey. Angus and Harvey lived next to a desert. One day they woke up and they saw a big box outside of their house. And Angus said, what's in the box? And his dad said, I'm not strong enough to carry it because this is such a big box. And Angus ran inside to get his mom. And Angus's mom came outside and looked in their driveway and saw the Humongous Ginormous giant box. And Angus told his mom that she had to help dad carry the big box inside. And Angus's mom looked at the box and said, this is so big, it's almost as big as our car, so I don't even know if it's going to fit through the front door. So instead, Angus told his mom that they had to go to the garage to open the garage door. And Angus got to press a button to open up the garage door. And when he opened the button, the garage door started to open. And then Angus told his parents that because they weren't strong enough to pick up the box, they should just push it into the garage. So his mom and his dad pushed the box as hard as they could, and Angus helped, and even Harvey helped, and they all pushed the box until it got into the garage. Then Angus told his parents they needed a Butterknife to open it. So they got a Butterknife and they started to open the big box. After they opened it, Angus saw what was inside. It was a power wheels. A Power Wheels is a car that kids could go in, that can really go on streets and kids could drive, but it doesn't go as fast as a real car. And it also is safer than a real car because kids drive it so slowly and it's not as big as a real car. And that's why this package was big, but not as big as a real car. Well, Angus asked his dad why that was here. And Angus's dad and Mama said that it was a present for Angus and Harvey. And this special Power Wheels car, which had electricity and could really go, was shaped like a kangaroo. And they called it the Kangaroo Power Wheels car. And the kangaroo even had a special pouch in front where they could bring their snacks as they went on adventure in that. Well, Angus and Harvey charged up their power wheels kangaroo car. And they got inside. They decided that they would take a drive through the desert, which was not so far from their house. So they started driving through the desert. Soon they saw a snake, and the snake's name was Sliggy. And Sluggy Snake said, Why are you driving a kangaroo car? And Angus told Sliggy Snake that it was a new present that his parents got him. And it was pretty big, but it wasn't as big as a real car, and that it was a lot of fun to go on. Sluggy Snake asked if he could go in the kangaroo pouch in front of the car for a ride. Angus told the snake that even though Sluggy Snake was a nice snake, there wasn't room in the front pouch of the car because that's where his snacks work. That's where his snacks were. And Sluggy Snake slinked away and said, I'll see you later. And Harvey waved goodbye because Harvey was also on the power wheels. They kept going in the Power Wheels, and they saw a bunny jump out of a bunny hole, which was in the sand. And the bunny started hopping about. And the bunny thought that the Power Wheels was also a bunny because it had never seen a kangaroo before. And it thought that this kind of Power Wheel, since it looks like a kangaroo, could hop about. So the bunny jumped up all the way to the Power Wheels. And Angus said, Hello, Bunny. And the bunny said, My name is Benji, and I want to hop into your pouch. And Harvey told the bunny bunny, Benji bunny, that the pouch was full and he couldn't go in. Well, suddenly they saw that there was a fire, and the fire was burning right near the desert where there were some old trees that had died. And the fire was getting bigger and bigger and scarier and scarier. And Angus and Harvey told Benji, the bunny, that they were going to have to drive away. So they turned the car the other way, away from the fire near the desert, and they started driving out of the desert in their Kangaroo Power Wheels. As they were going out, they saw a kind of animal named Nikitna. And that kind of animal looked really pretty little. It had a long, long nose. It was shaped like a porcupine. It had big needles that came out of it. And this kind of animal was running away from the fire. Well, it kept going away from the fire and it was sniffing its big nose and it had a really long tongue which it was searching underground for. And as it was going away it looked for bugs to eat because echidnas are animals that love to eat bugs. And it was licking its way all the way to the Kangaroo Power Wheels car that Angus and Harvey were driving away from the fire in. And as it got close it started to eat a magic red insect. The red insect looks like an ant but instead of having legs just on the bottom, it also had legs on the top. And it could go upside down and it could climb up anything and even climb upside down on ceilings. And this red ant made the echidna turn bigger and bigger and bigger. It got so big that the echidna was bigger than a real giraffe and a real elephant and it had spiky things coming out of it. Well the echidna said my name is Eddie and I'm going to help you get away from the fire. And Angus and Harvey said how are you going to do that? And Kidna said well, encydnas have special powers where they could survive through fire. The way that they do it is they dig underground and they try to get under the sand that the fire is on top of. And then they dig under and under and under so that it's not so hot. And they'll stay under the ground and the fire will be on top of them. And then they can hold their breath for a long time. So if the fire is on top and there's not so much air, they don't even have to breathe in the smoke and the ash and the black bad stuff that's floating through the air. And so the echidna said how about I gobble you guys up in my tummy and then we dig underground and the fire will go on top of us and it won't hurt. And so Angus and Harvey thought that was a good idea and ichidna gobbled them up. And then they hid underground as the fire went on top of them. And then after the fire went away, which took just 2 seconds, it was a quick little fire. They got up and they survived the fire. And they saw that the snake that they passed also survived because it also went under a hole. And the bunny also survived the fire because it went under a hole under the ground. And so the fire ended up not really destroying anybody. And when they got to the other side they asked the Ekidna to spit them out because they wanted to drive their Kangaroo Power Wheels again. So they Kidna spit them out and as he spit them out, lot of Lucky Charms and other kind of cereal came out of his mouth. And he told the kids that they could keep that as a treat and so first Angus put some more in the kangaroo pouch in front of the car, and he realized that then there wouldn't be some space. So he started feeding some lucky charms to the rabbit and to the snake, and he went and made space for them to stay in the front pouch. And he drove the power wheels all the way to the end of the desert. At the end of the desert, his parents were waiting for him, and Angus told his parents that it was time for them to go on a submarine adventure. So he crossed the street in his power wheels, parked it in a parking lot, and then Angus and Harvey held their parents house and they went into a submarine that was waiting for them. The submarine was yellow, and they decided to live there. And so they made a house and started to live they started to live in the submarine as they made their voyage across the ocean to an island where there were trains everywhere and the island where there were trains everywhere was called train island. And Angus and Harvey went to train island. And on train island, they saw that there were so many special things, like instead of highways and streets, they just had a lot of ChuChu train tracks and there were special kinds of ChuChu train tracks that were on top of ChuChu trains. And then ChuChu trains could go on ChuChu trains that were on top of ChuChu trains. And so there were ChuChu train piles, and they could go in different directions because ChuChu trains could attach to different ChuChu trains. And it was a lot of fun for everyone. So they had a lot of fun on train island until they had to go back home. And after they went back home to Australia, they looked happily ever after. That was quite we listen to a part of it. Yeah, that was quite a what? That was quite a train. Yeah, that's the end of the story. We're so happy to have you as a listener. Remember to subscribe and also to leave a five star review on itunes.