Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Josie. Josie lived in a little house in California. Her house was so teeny tiny, itty bitty, incy wincy that it only had one little door. And do you know what kind of door it was? It was like a doggie door or a kitty door. So, whenever kids wanted to go in, they had to crawl inside the house. And if grownups wanted to get in the house, they couldn't go through any regular door. They had to wiggle and squirm through the doggy door to get in the house. Big people couldn't even go in the house. And then, once they were inside the house, there was only one room, and that room was the kitchen. Whenever people needed to go to sleep, they would have to go to sleep on top of the refrigerator. And if they needed to go to the bathroom, they would have to go to the bathroom or the potty in the sink. And when they needed to cook food, they could cook it only using one candle. It was such a teeny tiny house.

Well, one day, Josie went outside of her house, and she saw that the sun was orange and it was smoky outside. As it was smoky, she thought she saw something blue in the sky. But she realized she didn't. Instead, it was a magic lantern. The magic lantern fell out of the smoky sky right next to Josie's foot. The magic lantern was so special, so Josie decided to rub on the lantern. And do you know what came out? A genie. A genie is a type of creature that could give kids wishes. The genie popped out of the magic lantern, and it was big and blue. It said, "Josie, do you have any wishes?" And Josie said, "I have a special wish." And the genie said, "What is it? What is it?" And Josie said, "My wish is to have a magical house that everyone could fit in." And the genie said, "Are you sure you also want it to be magical?" And Josie said yes.

And so the genie said, "Hula balu gala balu wakapah ni Schnappa." And suddenly there was lightning in the sky. The lightning was razzle-dazzle red, yellow, blue, and purple, and it was not a scary kind of lightning. After there was lightning, it started to rain, and ketchup came falling from the sky. Some of the ketchup went right next to Josie's little house, and it went on the roof. Luckily, Josie had an umbrella with her. It was a unicorn mermaid umbrella. She opened it up, and the ketchup spilled on top of the umbrella. Then she got to her house, and she saw that next to the doggy door that she usually had to crawl through, there was a button. The button said "Magic." The button was round and looked like the shape of a soccer ball. Josie touched the button. And do you know what happened? Suddenly, right outside of her house, there started to be a banana tree, and bananas started to fall all over. And then, after the banana tree came out of the ground, a pineapple tree also came. All of a sudden, the grass around Josie's little house was full of pineapples and bananas. 

Well, she pressed the button, and there were about 25 different pineapples and bananas in a big pile. And then Josie pressed the button again. And do you know what happened? The house turned into a helicopter house, and it got bigger. The thing on the top of the helicopter started to go, and the house got bigger and bigger, and it got a regular door. Suddenly the house grew new rooms. There was a nice, special princess bedroom for Josie. There was also a special refrigerator, and there was a room full of all the toys that kids could want. In addition, there was a toy store in the house. Anyone who went in the house that Josie let in any of her friends could get toys if Josie allowed it. And there was also a candy store in the house, and everything was free.

Well, Josie went in the house, and then she saw there was another button, and it said "Lift off." So she pressed the lift-off button, and the helicopter house with the candy store and toy store started to go up in the air. When it got up in the air, it got on top of the smoke, on top of the clouds, and it was in the sky. When it was in the sky, it was really special because the helicopter house was so fast and it could go so far that it went all the way to the ocean. And then when it got to the ocean, Josie looked out the window and she saw the genie was flying right outside of the house. And Josie said, "Genie! Genie, I have another wish." And the genie said, "Well, Josie, what is your wish?" And Josie said, "I want to see a volcano because I've never seen a volcano before." And the genie said, "Are you sure you want to see a volcano, because if it explodes, it could be a little bit scary, and lava will come out." And Josie said, "I want it to be a special volcano." 

And so the genie said, "Okay." And he started to huff and puff, and he blew the helicopter house far away in a safe and gentle manner until it got above a volcano. Usually, volcanoes are kind of gray or the color of stone, but this volcano was orange, and it smelled like some kind of yummy drink. Under the volcano, Josie saw there was a little bit of orange juice, and she said, "Genie, Genie, there's orange juice under the volcano." And the Genie said, "It's okay because we're high up in the air in a helicopter house." And suddenly the genie said, "Look!" And Josie looked out of the window of her helicopter house, and she saw an orange juice explosion from the volcano. Instead of lava, orange juice came running down the volcano hills and spilling into the river. All the kids who lived next to the volcano said, "Yay!" And they started drinking the orange juice and putting it in orange juice bottles and orange juice cups. Some fell in the orange juice and started swimming in orange juice, and their mama and daddy said they had to take a bath because orange juice could be a little bit sticky.

Well, after they were done looking at the volcano, Josie asked the genie if they were hungry, and he said yes. There were also straws that were floating around the orange juice lava, and they could use the straws to drink it. The Genie said, "You have one more wish." And Josie said, "I want the house to turn into a submarine." And the genie said, "Hing, Kapah dagump." And suddenly, the house started to be made of metal, and the shape changed. It didn't look like a regular house. It was shaped like a long, strong submarine that could go underwater, and it started to float all the way to the ocean, and it went underwater. When it went underwater, Josie saw all sorts of special dolphins that were swimming in the water, and there were froggies under the water that goes in the orange juice lava, and there were turtles in the ocean. And she said, "Genie, can I have one last wish?" And the genie said, "Okay." And Josie said, "Can I have my submarine go in the orange juice river?" And the genie said, "Hingabah. Waz, Papu." And suddenly the submarine went in the orange juice river, and the Genie said, "That was your last wish." And he went away.

But Josie saw there were still secret buttons in her house, and she could change it into pineapples or bananas or whatever she wanted from that day forward. And Josie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.