Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Lou. Lou lived on the side of a big, grassy hill. On this hill, there were underground houses built into the hillside. Lou lived in one of these underground houses. Lou's roof was made of grass, and instead of windows, his house had plants. If you moved the plants, you could see outside. But if you couldn't move the plant leaves, you couldn't even see the house.

Lou loved to hide in his house. His house had secret chambers that went all the way under the hill. At the bottom of his house, right in the middle of the hill, there was a trampoline. You could go down the stairs and then down a slide in Lou's underground house. The slide would take you to the middle of the mountain, where the trampoline was. When you got on the trampoline, it made you jump so high that you came out of the top of the mountain, just like a volcano. But you wouldn't be lava; you'd be a regular kid.

One day, Lou's friend Dan came over with his friend Evelyn. Dan and Evelyn were both Lou's friends. They went into his underground house, down the stairs, and started sliding down the slide. When they got to the middle of the mountain, they jumped on the trampoline and flew all the way up, just like a volcano. Lou and his friends jumped so high, and the seat they were on jumped with them. After they were in the sky, a parachute made of balloons came out of their chair, and they started floating down. The balloons gently lowered them down the side of the mountain until they got back to the grass, and then they could run down the grassy hill back to Lou's house.

When they got back to Lou's house, they saw that Lou's parents had prepared lunch for them. They had yogurt, strawberries, and hot dogs, which were Lou's favorite foods. After lunch, they decided to have a picnic. They put out their leftover strawberries and hot dogs on a blanket under a tree. They got distracted and went back inside the house.

Inside the house, they decided to go down the stairs, down the slide, onto the trampoline, and up in the air to ride the balloons again. While they were riding the balloons in the sky, they saw five foxes eating their picnic on the ground. Lou was the first one to see them. He said, "Look at those five foxes. Their names are Finnie, Dinny, Binny, Kinney, Minnie, and the last one's name is Shimmy." All of the foxes were eating the hot dogs.

Lou told his friends they had to ride down the balloons quickly so they could catch the foxes in a special fox trap he made. His friends asked what kind of fox trap he made, and Lou said he would show them later. Just then, some turkey vultures came. Turkey vultures are big birds with large wings that like to eat things that are dead, like hot dogs. One of the turkey vultures caused a gust of wind, and Lou's balloon popped. Luckily, his parachute came out, and he landed safely on the grass. The turkey vulture went away, but the foxes were still there.

Lou told his friends, who had also come down from their rides, that it was time to use the fox trap. The fox trap was a special invention Lou had made. It was a box with a hole the size of a fox and a secret door held up by a rubber band. When a fox went inside, the rubber band would fall, and the door would trap the fox. Lou put out his trap, and one of the foxes, Shimmy, went inside. Lou was a little scared to open the box at first because he didn't know if Shimmy would bite him. So he asked if Shimmy was friendly. Shimmy, a talking fox, said, "Yeah, I can talk. Why did you trap me in this box?" Lou said it was because Shimmy was eating his picnic. Shimmy apologized and explained that the foxes needed food for a party they were having that night in a nearby tree.

Lou decided to let all of the foxes go and asked if he and his friends could go to the party. That night, Lou, his friends, and their parents went on a hike to the fox party in a treehouse. At the fox party, there was a special dancing game. All of the foxes were jumping on top of each other and having fun. Lou got to jump and play with all of his friends. Lou and his family lived happily ever after. The end.