Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Lou. And Lou lived on the side of a big, grassy hill. And on the hill that Lou lived on, there were houses that were underground built into the hill. And Lou lived in one of these underground houses. And Lou's roof did not look like a regular roof, because Lou's roof was made up of grass. And instead of his house having windows, it just had plants. And if you could move the plants, then you can see outside. But if you couldn't move the plants leaves, then you couldn't even see the house.

And Lou used to hide in his house. And his house had secret chambers that went all the way under the hill. And there was a trampoline on the bottom of his house, right in the middle of the hill. And you can go all the way down the stairs and then down a slide in Lou's underground house. And the slide would take you all the way down to the middle of the mountain. And in the middle of the mountain, there was a trampoline. So you would get out of the slide, and you'd fall onto a trampoline. And then when you got on the trampoline, you were in middle and bottom of the mountain, and the trampoline made you jump so high, so you came all the way out of the top of the mountain, just like a volcano. But you wouldn't be lava. You'd be a regular kid.

So one day, Lou's friend Dan was going over to his house, and Dan had his friend Evelyn with him. And Dan and Evelyn were both Lou's friends. And Dan and Evelyn went into his underground house, and they went down the stairs, and they started sliding down the slide. And when they got to the middle on the bottom, they went on the trampoline and jumped all the way up out of the middle of the mountain, just like a volcano. And Lou and his friends jumped so high, and the seat that they were on jumped with them. And then after they were in the sky, a parachute came out of their chair, and they started floating down. But this parachute was not a regular parachute because it was made out of a lot of balloons. And so Lou and his friends would float on the balloons on top of the mountain. And on the side of the mountain, they would get lowered down by the balloons very gently until they got back down to the grass, and then they could run down the grass hill until they got back to Lou's house.

When they got back to Lou's house, they saw that Lou's parents had some lunch prepared for them. And for lunch, they had some yogurt, and they had some strawberries, and they also had hot dogs. This was Lou's favorite kind of food. But they decided after lunch that they would have a picnic. And right when they started the picnic, they put out their strawberries and the hot dogs and stuff that they had left over. They finished up the yogurt and they put it outside on a blanket under a tree for a picnic. And they got distracted and went back inside the house.

When they went back inside the house, they decided they would go down the stairs and down the slide onto the trampoline and up in the air and ride the balloons again. And they were riding the balloons in the sky. There were a lot of balloons attached, and they were riding the balloons. The chairs had emergency parachutes in case that the balloons would pop or there were big gusts of wind. But while they were in the sky on their balloons, they saw that on the ground there were five foxes that were eating up their picnic. And Lou was the first one to see it. And he said, look at those five foxes. Their names are Finnie, Dinny, Binny, Kinney, Minnie. And the last one's name was Shimmy. And all of the foxes were eating up the hot dogs.

And Lou said to his friends, quick, we have to ride down the balloons quickly so that we could catch the foxes in a special fox trap fox trap that I made. And his friend said, what fox trap did you make? And Lou told them that he would show them later. Well, just as Lou said that, there were some turkey vultures that started to come. And turkey vultures are kinds of birds that are very big and have really big wings and could fly in the sky. And sometimes they like to eat things that are dead. And do you know it's dead hot dogs. Hot dogs aren't they're not alive. That means they're dead. Well, the turkey vulture decided that he wanted to eat that. And so Lou was in the balloon chair, and there was a gust of wind, and the turkey vulture had trouble flying. But luckily, when Lou's balloon popped, he had his parachute come out, and he was able to get down in time. And after he got down on the grass, the turkey vulture went away, but the foxes were still there.

And so Lou told his friends, who had also come down from their rides, that it was time for them to use the foxtrap. The foxtrap was a special invention that Lou had made. The way that the foxtrap worked is that there was a box and the box had a little hole in it that was about the size of a fox. And on top of the hole, it had a secret door that was held uppie by a rubber band. And when a fox came and went inside, it made the rubber band fall down, and the door would trap the fox because the door would go down and it would be closed. Well, Lou put out his trap, and one of the foxes went inside his trap, and it was running around and around and around. And Lou went up to the fox, and he was a little scared to open the box at first because he didn't know if the fox would want to bite him. And so Lou asked the fox if it was friendly. And this fox was a talking fox, and this fox's name was Shimmy. And shimmy. The fox said, yeah, I can talk. Why did you even trap me in this box? And Lou said, Because you were eating my picnic. And the fox, whose name was Shimmy, said, well, I thought you guys weren't even going to eat the picnic, because I saw it out here and you guys were just doing balloon rides. And Lou said that he was trying to save it up. And Shimmy fox said he's sorry.

And Lou and his friends and Lou and his friends told Shimmy fox that the other foxes were also trying to eat the food. And why did they do that? And Shimmy fox told Lou that there was a special party that the foxes were having that night in a nearby tree. And for the party, they needed to bring a lot of food. And so Lou decided to let all of the foxes go, and he asked the foxes if he could go to their party. And Lou and his friends that night with their parents went on a hike and went to the fox party. The fox party was in a treehouse. And at the fox party and at the fox party, there was a special dancing game. And all of the foxes were jumping on top of each other and foxing around, and Lou got to jump and play with all of his friends. And Lou and his family lived happily ever after. The end.