Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived in a city close to the North Pole. It wasn't exactly at the North Pole because their city was on an island with big cliffs, and there was a little sea between that island and the North Pole. But where Jonah and Jesse lived, it was so far north that it was snowy all the time, and all the roads had snow on them, and some of the windows were made out of ice.

In that city, they had glass windows too, and they would put sand on the roads so the cars wouldn't slip on the ice. In that city, grownups weren't allowed to drive cars. Only kids were. So the kids would drive the grown-ups everywhere they needed to go. There were kid mobiles towing the big cars. Kidmobiles could tow regular cars, or parents could go in the backseat like it's parents going in a car that's being pulled by another car. And instead of back car seats, there was a trunk.

That's right. Jesse and Jonah lived in this place, and they got really good at shoveling snow because sometimes the cars would get stuck in the snow. It snowed so much since they lived on an island near the North Pole. Jesse and Jonah would always shovel the snow away from cars that got stuck. One day there was a big blizzard, and you could see penguins walking all around the town, especially near the cliffs where the water was from the sea that bordered the North Pole. The penguins were slipping and sliding on the ice, and all the cars were stuck in so much snow.

There was one car, a Jeep, that had four-wheel drive, but the snow was so deep it went all the way up to the windows, and it was really stuck in the snow. But then it tried to drive its wheels really fast to get out, and that gave everyone else an idea of how to get out of the snow. The Jeep tried to turn its wheels quickly to try to get out, and other people tried the same idea, but the snow was just too deep. So Jesse and Jonah had to shovel away the snow. They were shoveling for so many hours that their whole entire body was almost covered with snow.

Yes, Jesse and Jonah shoveled for a long time, but they saw that there were two princesses in the Jeep. The princesses said thank you to Jesse and Jonah for saving the day because otherwise, they would have had to just stay in that stuck Jeep and drink hot cocoa. Jesse said, "You're welcome." Jesse and Jonah then tried to get a race car to attach to the Jeep to try to pull the Jeep out. Race cars do not have four-wheel drive. So guess what happened? The race car got stuck because race cars cannot get Jeeps out of the snow.

The princesses thought the race car was too heavy. But this race car was the strongest one ever. So it tried to zoom its wheels as fast as possible to try to get the Jeep unstuck from the snow. Even though it made its wheels go so fast, it still couldn't get out. That's when the princesses had an idea for how to get Jesse and Jonah's race car unstuck. They said that because they have a Jeep and they have hot cocoa, maybe they could spill the hot cocoa on the ice right next to Jesse and Jonah's race car. Hot cocoa might be able to melt it. That's not something you should actually try at home, though, because it can make a mess. But that's what the princesses did. They put hot cocoa, the extra hot cocoa, right by the wheels of Jesse and Jonah's race car, and they got it unstuck.

When they did that, it made a little hole. But the tire didn't run out because it was such a little hole. That's right. The princesses then tied a rope from their Jeep to Jesse and Jonah's race car, and they started going in a big parade around the town with all the penguins. The penguins were waddling about the street, and they were always trying to blow whistles because penguins really love whistles, and they also like kites.

When I was a kid, just like Jonah and Jesse shoveled snow in this story to get the Jeep unstuck, I grew up in New York. In the winter, sometimes there would be blizzards, and the blizzards could snow as much as 1ft or 2ft of snow. When that happened, I would get to shovel cars out of the snow, and I would have to wear gloves and a jacket, and it would take a long time, but it was also a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun to shovel snow. Well, that's it for tonight. Good night.