Aya yiri. Diana. Hello, my name is VERIKA. Welcome to makeup stories. Go to the makeup stories.com to join the club. Nayo AI. Okay, jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? I want there to be a waste car and a jeep, and there was two poisons in one and two poisons in the other. Two girls in the jeep and two boys in the race car. Okay, so there's a race car and a jeep, and there's two people in the race car, and there's two people in the jeep and Jesse. Are the girls in the race car or are they in the jeep? Jeep. And there's two girls in the jeep. And are the people in the race car boys or girls? Boys. And there's two boys in the race car. And jonah, you didn't want to make up stories tonight. You said you wanted me to tell a story about when I was a kid. Yes. Okay, so maybe then tonight I could make up a story that includes some things from when I was a kid, but also has some makeup elements in it. Like it has your mom in it and stuff? Yeah, it could have real things, but it could also have makeup stuff. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids whose names were jonah and jesse. And Jonah and jesse lived in a city that was really close to the north pole. It wasn't exactly at the north pole because the city they lived in was on an island that had big cliffs, and there was a little sea between that island and the north pole. But where Jonah and jesse lived, it was so far north that it was pretty much snowy all the time, and all of the roads had snow on them, and some of the windows were made out of ice. And the waste clubs that wondered in the story, boys are only allowed in the waste club because the waste club dangerous. Well, we'll see about that. And in that city, they had windows that were made of glass, and they would have to put sand on the roads so that the cars wouldn't slip on the ice. And in that city, none of the grownups were allowed to drive cars. Only kids were. And so the kids would drive the grown ups everywhere they needed to go. There were kid mobiles towing the big cars. Yeah, like kid cars. Kidmobiles, they could tow regular cars, or parents could go in the backseat like it's parents going in, like, this kind of car where a car is, like, pulling the front of the car. And then instead of back car seats, in the other thing, there was a trunk instead of that. So it was just two kidmobiles which had motorcycles towing that thing. That's right. And Jesse and jonah lived in this place, and they got really good at shoveling snow because sometimes the cars would get stuck in the snow. And it snowed so much since they lived on an island near the North Pole, and Jesse and Jonah would always shovel the snow away from cars that got stuck. And one day there was a big blizzard and you could see penguins walking all around the town, especially at the part that was near the cliffs where the water was from the sea that bordered the North Pole. And the penguins were slipping and sliding on the ice and all of the cars were stuck in so much snow. And there was one car, it was a Jeep, and it had four wheel drive, but the snow was so deep, it went all the way up to the windows and it was really stuck in the snow. But then it drive its wheels crazy. It like torn the wheels, like, and then go and then the snow go away. And that gives everyone else idea how to get out of that snow. And so the Jeep tried to turn its wheels really quickly to try to get out, and other people tried to have the same idea, but the snow was really just too deep. So Jesse and Jonah, they had to shovel away the snow. They were shoveling for so much hours that the whole entire body was almost covered with snow. Yes. And Jesse and Jonah shoveled so long, but they saw that there were two Princesses that were in the Jeep. And the Princesses said thank you to Jesse and Jonah for saving the day, because otherwise they would have had to just stay in that stuck Jeep and drink hot cocoa. And Jesse said, you're welcome. And Jesse and Jonah, they then tried to get a race car to attach to the Jeep to try to pull the Jeep out. Race cars do not have four wheel drive. So guess what happened? The race car got stuck because race cars cannot get Jeeps out of the snow. And so the Princesses like, too heavy. But this kind of race car was the strongest one ever. So I go and it was faster wheels than anything, and it was faster than sonic, so it got out. So the race car tried to zoom its wheels as fast as possible to try to get the Jeep unstuck from the snow, even though Jesse, even though it made its wheels go so fast, it still couldn't get out. And so that's when the Princesses, instead of getting out, once the wheels got stuck, when it zooms, it digs in. Exactly. The race car was just getting more and more stuck. And then the Princesses, jesse listened to what happened. Then the Princesses, they had an idea for how to get Jesse and Jonah's race car unstuck. They said that because they have a Jeep and they have hot cocoa, maybe they could spill the hot cocoa in the ice right next to Jesse and Jonah's race car. And hot cocoa might be able to melt it. That's not something you should actually try at home, though, because it can make a mess. But that's what the Princesses did. And they put hot cocoa, the extra hot cocoa, right by the wheels of Jesse and Jonah's race car, and they got it unstuck. When they did that, it made such little hole. But the tire that had the horn, it didn't run out because it was a so little hole. That's right. And so the Princesses then tied a rope from their Jeep to Jesse and Jonah's race car, and they started going in a big parade around the town with all of the penguins. And I'm telling you this. Yeah, the penguins were waddling about the street, and they were always trying to blow whistles, because penguins really love whistles, and they also like kites. But when I was a kid, I told you I'd tell you a little bit about when I was a kid. When I was a kid, just like Jonah and Jesse shoveled snow in this story to get the Jeep unstuck. When I was a kid, I grew up in New York, and in the winter, sometimes there would be blizzards, and the blizzards could snow as much as 1ft or 2ft of snow. And when that happened, I would get to shovel cars out of the snow, and I would have to wear gloves and a jacket, and it would take a long time, but it was also a lot of fun. It's a lot of fun to shovel snow. Well, that's it for tonight. Good night. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Flora. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the club. Tell your friends. Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup stories. And I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use.