Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Zack. Zack's dad was a baker, which means that he made food for a living. He was so good at making cakes. One day, Zack told his dad that their house was too small and that they should move into a different house. So Zack's dad told his mom that he had an idea. The idea was to build a gingerbread house, but a gingerbread house that was so big that it had a garage, a living room, bedrooms, a bathroom, windows, a kitchen, and so many other things.

Zack told his dad that he thought he couldn't make such a big gingerbread house, but his dad said, "Well, I'm a baker, so I could really try." Zack's dad mixed a lot of different ingredients together and baked them in the oven. After it came out, it turned out to be a door. He put the door on the ground where some grass was and mixed up some other ingredients to make a window. To make the window, he had to use some water, sand, and a magnifying glass. He mixed it all together, put it in the oven, and it came out to be a window.

The dad kept baking things until it turned out that the oven wasn't big enough for a wall and a roof. So they decided to make a campfire and cook the gingerbread house on top of the campfire. First, Zack helped his dad by collecting some wood, tinder, leaves, and little twigs. They also used some toilet paper and paper towels to get the fire started. They finally made a big fire and put a big pot on top of it. Zack told his dad to be careful to make sure that the fire didn't catch anything else, and his dad said he would be careful. They let the fire cook the gingerbread house overnight.

In the morning, they checked and saw that they had made walls, a roof, and many other things. The dad started setting it up with Zack's help and his mom's help. To put the walls together, they had to use special icing made of sugar, which was very yummy. They made a wonderful big gingerbread house with all the windows, bathrooms, a garage, a kitchen, bedrooms, and everything they needed. They even had little beds inside the gingerbread house made of chocolate.

That night, Zack went to sleep and had a dream about bugs crawling all over him. He didn't like that dream, so when he woke up, he told his mom and dad about it. His parents said that maybe there were really some bugs crawling over him because bugs like to eat chocolate. Zack wasn't sure.

They decided to drive a car all the way to the zoo. When they got to the zoo, Zack decided to go on the merry-go-round before seeing any animals. His mom told him she would watch while he used the merry-go-round. On the merry-go-round, there were horses and giraffes to ride, but Zack chose a little blue pretend elephant on a pole that went up and down as the merry-go-round went around.

As he went on the elephant and the ride started, with music playing and the merry-go-round going around, glitter sprinkled from the ceiling. Zack saw a little leprechaun on the giraffe next to him going on the ride. Zack asked the leprechaun how it got into the zoo, as he didn't know that zoos had leprechauns. The green and little leprechaun, named Lily, said that leprechauns like giraffes and saw the giraffe ride on the merry-go-round, so it decided to go on it as well. Zack asked if the zookeeper knew about the leprechaun, and Lily said to keep it a secret.

Zack said he was going to tell his mom after he got off because he didn't think there were supposed to be leprechauns riding the merry-go-round. Lily asked Zack for help and if it could hide in his pocket for a little bit. Zack agreed, and Lily jumped off the giraffe and into Zack's pocket. Soon, the merry-go-round stopped, and Zack got off. His mom asked if he had fun, and Zack said yes but was about to tell her about the leprechaun when he felt someone poking inside his pocket. He remembered that he wasn't supposed to tell.

His parents decided to drive home from the zoo to their house. When they got home, Zack went inside and went to his room. Later, it was bath time, and they had a bubble bath. Zack took off his clothes in his room and then went into the bubble bath, splashing and having fun. His parents told him not to splash so much, so Zack just splashed a little. After his bath, he put on his pajamas, and his mom told him a bedtime story. As Zack listened to the story in his chocolate bed, he remembered Lily the Leprechaun and looked for it but couldn't find it.

Zack went to sleep that night and had a very nice dream about a cloud made out of chocolate pudding. When he woke up the next morning, his mom said it was breakfast time. Zack looked and saw that all of his Cheerios were gone, and there were no eggs, bacon, or any other cereal except for one: Lucky Charms. There were Lucky Charms all over the house. Zack's mom asked why there were so many Lucky Charms and no other breakfast items. Zack said he knew why but couldn't tell her because it was a secret. His mom pleaded, so Zack said he would tell her after she poured him a bowl of Lucky Charms with milk.

His mom poured him a bowl, added milk, and gave him a spoon. Just as he was about to say what had happened, Lily the leprechaun jumped from the chimney onto the kitchen table and onto Zack's spoon. Lily said, "Ta-da!" Zack's mom asked what it was, and Zack explained that there was a leprechaun at the zoo on the giraffe next to his elephant on the merry-go-round, and it came home in his pocket. He thought Lily the Leprechaun brought all the Lucky Charms. His mom said she had never heard of a real leprechaun doing that.

Lily the Leprechaun said some nonsensical words, and after that, all of the Lucky Charms in the bowl turned into silver coins. Zack asked if his breakfast had just turned into silver coins, and his parents confirmed it. His dad said it was a good thing because there were so many bugs eating the walls of the gingerbread house, and now one of the walls was gone, so they needed to buy a new house. Zack said they could use the silver coins left by the leprechaun to buy a new house. His dad was excited, and it turned out that Lily the Leprechaun rushed out of the window, leaving behind a lot of silver coins.

Zack, his mom, and his dad decided to buy a real house with the silver coins. They moved into the new house and lived happily ever after. They had lived in a gingerbread house that was as big as a real house, with a garage and a kitchen. That's the end of the story.