You. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Zack. And Zack's dadda was a baker. That means that he made food for a living. And he was so good at making cakes. Well, one day Zack told his dad that there house was too small and that they should move into a different house. So Zach's dadda told his mama that he had an idea. The idea was to build a gingerbread house. But a gingerbread house that was so big that it had a garage, that it had a living room and bedrooms and a bathroom and windows, kitchen and so many things. And so Zach told his dad that he thought he couldn't make such a big gingerbread house. But his dad said well I'm a baker so I could really try. Well, Zack's dad mixed a lot of different ingredients together and he baked them in the oven. And after it came out it turned out that it was a door. And he put the door on the ground where some grass was and he mixed up some other ingredients and he made a window. And the window, to make the window he had to use some water and some sand and also some magnifying glass. And he mixed it all together and put it in the oven and it came out to be a window. Well the dad kept baking things until it turned out that the oven wasn't big enough for a wall and for a roof. So they decided to make a campfire and to cook the gingerbread house on top of the campfire. So first Zach helped his dad by collecting some wood and some tinder and leaves and little twigs. And also they used some toilet paper and some paper towels to get the fire started. They finally made a big fire and they put such a big pot on top of it. And Zach told his dad to be careful to make sure that the fire didn't catch in anything else. And his dad said that he would be careful. And they let the fire cook the thing overnight. And in the morning they checked and they saw that they had made walls and a roof and a lot of different things. So the dad started setting it up using Zach's help and using his mom's help. And to put the walls together they had to use special icing which was made of sugar and it was so yummy. And they made this wonderful big gingerbread house with all the windows and all the bathrooms and a garage and a kitchen and bedrooms and everything that they needed. They even had little house, little beds inside the gingerbread house. And the little beds were made of chocolate. Well, Zach went to sleep that night. And as he slept he had a dream. And in the dream there were bugs crawling all over him and he didn't like that dream. So when he woke up, he told his mom and his dad that he had a bad dream. And his mom and his dad said, well, maybe there were really some bugs crawling over you, because bugs like to eat chocolate. And Zack said he didn't know. Well, they decided to drive a car all the way to the zoo. And when they got to the zoo, zack decided before seeing any animals, he wanted to use the merry ground. And so Zack's mom told him that she would watch while he used the merry ground. And on the merry ground, there were some horses to go on, and there were some giraffes to go on. But the animal that Zack decided to go on was a little blue pretend elephant that was on a pole and went up and down as the merry go round went around. Well, he went on that elephant, and he was the only boy that was there. And just as he went on, the elephant and the ride started, and some music started, and the merrygoround started going around. There was a bunch of glitter that sprinkled from the ceiling. And as the glitter sprinkled from the ceiling, zack saw a little leprechaun was on the giraffe right next to him going on the ride. And Zack said to the leprechaun, how did you even get in the zoo? I didn't know that zoos have leprechauns. And the leprechaun, which was green and little, said, well, leprechauns like giraffes. And I saw this giraffe ride on the merry ground, so I thought I'd go on it and I could go also. And Zack said, but does the zookeeper know you're here? And the leprechaun said, Shh. Let's keep it a secret. Well, Zack said, I'm going to tell my mom after I got off because I don't think that there's supposed to be leprechauns riding this merrygoround. And the leprechaun said, Wait, my name is Lily, lily the leprechaun. Could you help me? And Zack said, how can I help you? And the leprechaun said, Can I just go in your pocket and hide for a little bit? And Zack said, okay. So Lily the leprechaun jumped off the giraffe that he was on and went in Zack's pocket. And then soon the merry GAround stopped going, and the merry garam stopped going, and the glitter went away, and Zack got off. And Zack's mom said, did you have fun? And Zack said, yeah, but guess what I saw. And his mom said what? And just as Zack was about to say, zack felt somebody poking inside his pocket. And he remembered that he wasn't supposed to tell. So his parents decided to drive home all the way from the zoo to his house. And when they got to his house, zack went inside and went to his room. Later, it was bath time because they ate dinner, and they had a yummy cake for dinner. And in the bath time, they had a bubble bath. But before going into the bubble bath, zack had to take off all his clothes. He took off his clothes in his room and then went into the bubble bath and splashed and had fun. But his parents told him not to splash so much, so Zach just splashed a little. Well, after he was finished with the bath, he put on his pajamas, and his mama was going to tell him a makeup bedtime story. So he got into his chocolate bed, and as the mama was telling Zack a story, zack remembered that there was Lily the Leprechaun somewhere, and Lily the Leprechaun couldn't be found anywhere, so Zack checked his pants pocket, but Lily wasn't there. Well, Zack went to sleep that night and had a very nice dream about a cloud that was made out of chocolate pudding. And when he woke up the next morning, his mom said it was breakfast time. And Zack looked and all of his Cheerios were gone. And there were no eggs in the house, and there was nothing for breakfast, not even bacon and not even any kind of cereal except for one. And do you know what that cereal was? Lucky Charms. Yes, it was Lucky Charms. And they were Lucky Charms all over the house. And so Zach's mom said, why are there so many Lucky Charms and no eggs and no bacon and no Cheerios and no Rice Krispies or anything like that? And Zack said, I think I know why, but I can't tell you because it's a secret. And his mom said, please. And so he said, first pour me a bowl of Lucky Charms and put in some milk, and then I'll tell you. His mom poured him a bowl, poured in some milk, put the Lucky Charms in, gave him a spoon, and just as he was about to say what had happened, lily the leprechaun jumped from in the chimney all the way down on top of the kitchen table and jumped right on Zack's spoon. And Lily the leprechaun said, TADA. And his mom said, what's that? And Zack said, that's what I was going to tell you. There was a leprechaun that was in the zoo on the giraffe next to my elephant in the merry ground, and it came home in my pocket, and I couldn't find it after I took a bath and took my pants off. And I think the leprechaun named Lily is what brought all these Lucky Charms. And the mom said, Whoa, I've never heard of a real leprechaun doing all that. And Lily the leprechaun said, tittle diddle diddle diddle wheedle diddle diddle. And Zach said, I don't know what that means. And the leprechaun named Lily jumped up on the spoon that he was on with the Lucky Charms. And he said it again, tittle diddle, widdle widdle diddle, tittle diddle. And after he did that, do you know what happened? All of the Lucky Charms in the bowl turned into silver coins, and there were still Lucky Charms elsewhere. So Zach said, did my breakfast just turn into silver coins? And his mom said yes. And his dad said, that is such a good thing, because you know what happened while I was sleeping? There were so many bugs that were eating up the walls, because bugs like candy. And this is a gingerbread house. And now I think one of the walls is gone, so we need to buy a house. And Zach said, well, the leprechaun left a lot of silver coins here so we could buy the house with silver coins. And the dad said, Yay, yay, yay. And it turned out that Lily the leprechaun rushed out of the window just as his dad said, that leaving behind a lot of silver coins. And the dad and the mom and the Zach decided to buy a real house with that. So they bought a real house, which they moved into and lived happily ever after. How? They've lived in a gingerbread house because it was a big gingerbread house. It was, like, as big as this house. As big as a real house? Like, as big as this room? Yeah, even bigger. As big as the whole house, because it also had a garage and a kitchen. That's the end of the story. If you want me to make up a special story for you, then tell me three special things you want to be in the story and your name and write a review. I'll make up a special story just for.