Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a nine-year-old boy whose name was Xander. Xander was really good at playing with friends, but sometimes his friends didn't share with him, and he got lonely. One example of something that his friends didn't share was a water gun because Xander loved water guns so much. One of Xander's friends, whose name was Corey, wouldn't share his water gun with him, but Xander wanted to squirt the water gun to get something wet, but Corey wouldn't share. Xander told Corey that he really should share, and that if he shared, Corey could come with his family to a zoo. Corey decided that he would share, so Corey and Xander went to the zoo.

When they got to the zoo, their parents told them that they were going to have lunch at the zoo, and they were going to have some hot dogs. Also, if they were lucky, they would get chicken nuggets and an ice cream cookie sandwich at the end of lunch. So Corey and Xander were really happy. They had lunch at the zoo, and as they were having lunch, they heard a sound of an elephant. The elephant was stomping about all over the zoo right in the middle of where people walk. Everyone was running away from the elephant.

Xander said to his parents, "Guys, quick. There's an elephant coming. We have to get out of the way." Corey and Xander and Xander's parents moved away from the bench where they were having lunch with the hot dog and chicken nuggets. Before they could grab their ice cream sandwich, the elephant picked up Xander's ice cream sandwich with his trunk and started eating it.

Xander had never seen an elephant eat an ice cream sandwich before, and what he saw next was even more surprising. After the elephant started to eat the ice cream sandwich, Xander saw that there was a kitty cat on top of the elephant, and the kitty cat was getting an elephant ride. Kitty cats like ice cream, so the elephant shared some of Xander's ice cream sandwich with the kitty cat. The kitty cat was steering the elephant, and the kitty cat tried to steer the elephant out of the zoo.

But as the kitty cat was steering the elephant out of the zoo, the zookeeper came running, and he went to the gift shop, where they had lots of stuffed animals. Some of the stuffed animals were stuffed elephants, and some of them were teddy bear stuffed animals. They were so fun. The elephant decided he wanted to take some, so he crashed the window of the gift shop and started to get some stuffed animals. One of the stuffed animals there was secretly alive, and that stuffed animal's name was Babaloo. Babaloo had twinkly eyes and was bear-shaped. Xander and Corey had seen Babaloo before, but they didn't know that he was really alive.

So the elephant got Babaloo and put Babaloo right on the elephant's back, right next to the kitty cat. Then Babaloo came alive and started to talk. He said, "Everyone, the elephant says that I should talk for him. We are going out of the zoo to escape, and then we're going to go to Africa and be on the savannah." The zookeeper heard Babaloo say this on top of the elephant. The zookeeper first said, "I didn't know that stuffed animals talk." But after he said that, he realized that it was a big emergency. So the zookeeper used his radio to call for help.

Soon enough, the rescue helicopter and the rescue police cars started to say, "Woo, woo, woo." The rescue helicopter decided to throw a net down from the sky on top of the elephant while the kitty cat and Babaloo were really sad to be caught in a net. They decided that they would start to chew through the ropes in their net, meaning they would bite through the ropes so that there would be holes in them, so the elephant could escape. Before the police and the zookeeper could get the elephant, the kitty cat, and Babaloo, they escaped.

They went all the way to a forest away from the city where the zoo was. When they got to the forest, the elephant knocked over a big rock because elephants are so big and strong. After the elephant knocked over the big rock, he saw that there were some worms under the rock, but most importantly, there were about 100 ants. That's a lot of ants. The ants kept going, and the ants went on top of each other until there was a big pile of ants.

The kitty cat realized that he wanted to get some of those ants, so he jumped off the elephant and started to pounce on the ants. But there started to be more and more ants, and there was like a whole army of ants. The army of ants was so tremendous and so big that it covered the whole forest floor. Suddenly the kitty cat got scared because there were more ants than he was big. The ants were all over, like a carpet all over the forest full of ants.

So the kitty cat and Babaloo climbed back on top of the elephant, and the ants started getting bigger and bigger and bigger until it was a whole pile of ants that were as big as an elephant. The elephant had to run away because elephants are much stronger than ants and much bigger. But this was so many ants that it was as big as an elephant. The elephant started running away until he got to a lake. Ants don't really like to go in water, so the elephant snorkeled up some water in his elephant trunk, which is like a long elephant nose that's blue, and he squirted the water at the ants just like a water gun.

Xander and Corey, who were watching this with their binoculars from the side of the forest, realized that they could save the day by sharing their water gun. So they went to the lake where the elephant was, and they filled up their water guns and started squirting at the ants until the ants' pile got smaller and smaller and smaller, and all the ants went back underground. The elephant, Babaloo, and the kitty cat were so happy that Corey and Xander had helped.

Kitty cats don't like water, but one kind of wild kitty cat, like perhaps a lynx, is more okay with water. A lynx is a type of cat that usually is in snowy environments. They have big feet, silly tails, and they're pretty furry, and they have bigger teeth than a regular kitty cat. Well, anyway, the kitty cat and the elephant didn't love the water, but the kitty cat still didn't get wet because Xander and Corey squirted their water guns at the ants, not the kitty cat. The elephant also squirted the water from his trunk at the ants.

Xander and Corey had saved the day, so the elephant was really happy that they helped squirt away the ants. The elephant said that Xander and Corey could get a ride. The elephant kneeled down so that it would be easier for Xander and Corey to get on top of him. Xander and Corey climbed onto the elephant, and the elephant told them that now they would go back to the zoo. Xander and Corey rode the elephant back to the zoo, and when they got back to the zoo, the zookeeper was waiting, and everyone was cheering and calling them heroes.

Xander and Corey lived happily ever after. Babaloo, who was the stuffed animal that turned alive, decided to go home with Xander. Xander had a stuffed animal that was alive, and every night, Xander and his stuffed animal would tell each other secrets that grown-ups couldn't understand. Xander and his family lived happily ever after. The end.