Welcome back to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. My name is Steve. I make up new stories every night without preparing to put my five year old son to bed. You should listen to another story tomorrow. But right now, we're ready for today's story. So get ready. Get tucked in. Makeup story time begin. All right, tonight's Makeup story is a request from a listener named Xander, who's nine years old and asked for a story about an elephant, an ant and a zoo. And we are also going to add a police car and a kitty cat who likes to eat ants, and a stuffy teddy bear named Babaloo. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a nine year old boy whose name was Xander. And Xander was really good at playing with friends, but sometimes his friends didn't share with him, and he got lonely. Well, one example of something that his friends didn't share is a water gun, because Xander loved waterguns so much. And one of Xander's friends, whose name was Corey, wouldn't share his wettergun with him, but Xander wanted to squirt the watergun to get something wet, but Corey wouldn't share. Xander told Corey that he really should share, and that if he shared that Corey could come with his family to a zoo. And Corey decided that he would share. So Corey and Xander went to the zoo. And when they got to the zoo, their parents told them that they were going to have lunch at the zoo, and they were going to be some hot dogs. And also, if they were lucky, they would get chicken nuggets and an ice cream cookie sandwich at the end of lunch. So Corey and Xander were really happy. Well, they had lunch at the zoo. And as they were having lunch, they heard a sound of an elephant. And the elephant was stomping about all over the zoo right in the middle of where people walk. And everyone was running away from the elephant. And Xander said to his parents, guys, quick. There's an elephant coming. We have to get out of the way. And Corey and Xander and Xander's parents moved away from the bench where they were having the lunch with the hot dog and chicken nuggets. And before they could grab their ice cream sandwich, the elephant picked up Xander's ice cream sandwich with his trunk and started eating it. Well, Xander had never seen an elephant eat an ice cream sandwich before, and what he saw next was even more surprising. After the elephant started to eat the ice cream sandwich, xander saw that there was a kitty cat on top of the elephant, and the kitty cat was getting an elephant ride, and kitty cats like ice cream. So the elephant shared some of Xander's ice cream sandwich with the kitty cat, and the kitty cat was steering the elephant, and the kitty cat tried to steer the elephant out of the zoo. But as the kitty cat was steering the elephant out of the zoo, the zookeeper came running, and he went to the gift shop, where they had lots of stuffies. And some of the stuffies were stuffy elephants, and some of the stuffies were teddy bear stuffies. And they were so fun. Well, the elephant decided he wanted to take some, so he crashed the window of the gift shop and started to get some stuffies. One of the stuffies there was secretly alive, and that stuffies name was Bobalu. Bob Blue had twinkly kind of eyes and was bear shaped. And Xander and Corey had seen Babaloo before, but they didn't know that he was really alive. So the elephant got Bob Blue and put Bob Blue right on the elephant's back, right next to the kitty cat. And then Bob Blue turned alive, and he started to talk. And he said, Everyone, the elephant says that I should talk for him. We are going out of the zoo to escape, and then we're going to go to Africa and be on the savannah. And the zookeeper heard Babalu say this on top of the elephant. And the zookeeper first said, I didn't know that Stuffy's talk. But after he said that, he realized that it was a big emergency. So the zookeeper used his radio to radio in for help. And soon enough, the rescue helicopter and the rescue police cars started to say, Woo, woo, woo. And the rescue helicopter decided to throw a net down from the sky on top of the elephant while the kitty cat and Babaloo were really sad to be caught in a net. And so they decided that they would start to chew through the ropes in their neck. That means bite through the ropes so that there would be holes in them so that the elephant could escape. And before the cops and the police and the zookeeper could get the elephant, the kitty cat and bablu, they escaped. And they went all the way to a forest away from the city where the zoo was. When they got in a forest, the elephant knocked over a big rock because elephants are so big and strong. Well, after the elephant knocked over the big rock, he saw that there were some worms under the rock, but most importantly, there were about 100 ants. That's a lot of ants. And the ants would keep going, and the ants went on top of each other until there was a big pile of ants. And then the kitty cat realized that he wanted to get some of those ants that he jumped off the elephant and started to pounce on the ants. But there started to be more and more ants, and there was like a whole army of ants. And the army of ants was so tremendous and so big that it covered the whole forest floor. And suddenly the kitty cat got scared because there was more ants than he was big the ants were all over. It was like a carpet all over the forest full of ants. So the kitty cat and Babaloo climbed back on top of the elephant and the ants started getting bigger and bigger and bigger until it was a whole pile of ants that were as big as an elephant. And the elephant had to run away because elephants are much stronger than ants and much bigger. But this was so many ants that it was as big as an elephant. So the elephant started running away until he got to a lake. And ants don't really like to go in water. So the elephant snorkeled up some water in his elephant trunk. That's like a long elephant nose that's blue. And he squirted the water at the ants just like a water gun. And Xander and Corey, who were watching this with their binoculars from the side of the forest, realized that they could save the day by sharing their water gun. So they went to the lake where the elephant was, and they filled up their water guns and they started squirting at the ants until the ants pile got smaller and smaller and smaller, and all the ants went back underground. The elephant, Babaloo and the kitty cat were so happy that Corey and Xander had helped. Kitty cats don't like agua. Kitty cats do indeed. Not like agua, but wild. One kind of kitty cat does. Yes, there may be a kind of wild kitty cat like perhaps a lynx that is more okay with. A lynx is a type of cat that usually is in kind of snowy environments. They have big feet and silly tails and they're pretty furry and they have bigger teeth than a regular kitty cat. Well, anyway, lynx might be okay with some water, but you're right. The kitty cat and the elephant didn't love the water. But the kitty cat still didn't get wet because Xander and Corey, they squirted their water guns at the ants, not the kitty cat. And the elephant also squirted the water from his trunk at the ants. Well, Xander and Corey had saved the day. Yes, well, Xander and Corey had saved the day. And so the elephant was really happy that they helped squared away the ants. And the elephant said that Xander and Corey could get a ride. So the elephant kneeled down so that it would be easier for Xander and Corey to get on top of him. And Xander get there. And they went to the forest, because the forest wasn't so far from the zoo. And they climbed onto the elephant, and the elephant told them that now they will go back to the zoo. And Xander and Corey rode the elephant back to the zoo. And when they got back to the zoo, the zookeeper was waiting and everyone was cheering and calling them the heroes. And Xander and Corey lived happily ever after. And Bob Blue, who was the stuffie that turned alive, decided to go home with Xander. And Xander had a stuffy that was alive. And every night, Xander and his stuffy would tell each other secrets that grownups couldn't understand. And Xander and his family lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of this story. I'm going to make up a new story for you tomorrow. It's going to be a good story. Remember to tell your parents that you want to listen to the makeup stories podcast tomorrow. The way you tell your parents is you say, I want to listen to more make up stories. Then you will get to listen to another story tomorrow. You should also tell your friends to listen to makeup stories. That's a good idea. See you tomorrow.