Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Emma. One day, Emma decided to go on a boat ride with her family. So, her mom and dad took Emma to the lake. When they got there, they saw many different boats to choose from. There was a sailboat, a pontoon boat, a rowboat, and a pedal boat. But the most exciting boat of all looked like a frog! It had a part on top where people could go in. This boat didn't move through the water like a regular boat; instead, it could jump on top of the water just like a frog does, splashing back into the water and continuing on its way. To steer it, there was a steering wheel.

Emma and her family went on the frog boat, and it jumped right next to some tall grass. They saw a field full of plants nearby. Emma asked her parents if they could park their boat next to the field and check out the beautiful plants. Her parents agreed, so Emma helped pull the frog boat up and jump it away from the water onto the shore. Then, Emma and her parents walked out into the field. They discovered it was a watermelon field with lots of watermelons growing. Emma's mom and dad decided to set up a picnic while Emma looked at the watermelons.

As Emma looked at the watermelons, she noticed one that wasn't attached to a plant. This watermelon had eyes, ears, a nose, and a mouth! She looked into the watermelon's blue eyes, and it started talking to her. The watermelon said, "Hi, Emma. My name is Wiggly." Emma asked how Wiggly knew her name, and Wiggly explained that his mama watermelon told him that one day, an eight-year-old girl named Emma would come by on a frog boat to say hello.

Wiggly asked if he could join Emma and her parents for their picnic. Emma agreed because she wanted to show her parents the talking watermelon. Wiggly rolled along, following Emma to the picnic spot where her parents had set up a blanket and prepared some yummy snacks like crackers, cookies, milk, and orange juice. There was also a special treat for dessert.

Wiggly asked if he could have some of the picnic, and Emma's parents said yes. Wiggly wanted to try the special dessert treat. Emma wasn't sure if watermelons usually ate picnic food, but Wiggly said his favorite food was eggs with bacon and chocolate. Emma thought that was very silly, but her dad had packed some eggs with chocolate and bacon. Wiggly ate it all up and said, "This is such a good picnic."

Emma's parents also brought some toys to play with, like playdoh. Wiggly said he had a friend who liked playdoh too and asked if his friend could join their picnic. Emma agreed, and Wiggly whistled for his friend. A silly bunny rabbit named Benny hopped over from behind a tree.

Benny the Bunny said hello to everyone and told them he liked to live in a sock because he was a silly bunny. Emma offered Benny some of their picnic food, and Benny said he liked to eat oranges, not carrots like most bunnies. Emma's mom gave Benny an orange, and he happily ate it, calling it a "yummy carrot." Benny was a bit confused about fruits and vegetables.

As they were enjoying their picnic, a rainbow-colored creature with a horn and wings flew down from the sky. It was Wiggly's friend, Uncle Unicorn. Uncle Unicorn joined the picnic and shared a special rainbow-colored fruit called hawazikal with everyone. Uncle Unicorn told them he used to live on the moon but now visits Earth every once in a while.

After their fun picnic, Emma and her family went back to their froggy boat and returned to the shore. They drove home, and Emma told everyone about her great adventure meeting Wiggly Watermelon, Benny the Bunny, and Uncle Unicorn. Emma and her family lived happily ever after. The end.