Welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime rumpus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from an eight year old listener whose name is emma. And Emma asked for us to make up a story that includes a watermelon, a bunny rabbit, and a unicorn. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name is emma, and emma decided to go out with her family on a boat ride. So her mom and her dad went with Emma to the lake. And when they got to the lake, they saw there were a lot of choices for boats. One choice was a sailboat. Another choice was a pontoon boat. Another choice was a rowboat, and another choice was a pedal boat. But the best choice of all looked like a boat that was the shape of a frog. But there was part and top where people could go in. And this boat didn't go through water like a regular boat, but instead, it was able to jump on top of water, and then it would just like a frog does, and it would splash back in the water, and it would keep going. And the way that you would steer it is that there's a steering wheel. Well, Emma was going with her family on this boat on the lake, and the frog boat jumped up right next to some tall grass. And out of the tall grass, they saw that there was a field. And the field had a lot of plants in it. So emma asked her parents if they could park their boat next to the field and go check out the beautiful plants that were on the field. And emma's parents said yes. So emma helped pull the frog boat up and jump it away from the water onto the shore, where the frogboat decided to stay parked. And then Emma and her parents walked out into the field. They saw that it was a watermelon field, and there were a lot of watermelons growing. Emma emma's mama and Emma's dad had decided that they would set up a picnic while emma looked at the watermelons. So emma looked at some of the watermelons, and she noticed that one of the watermelons wasn't attached to a plant. And this watermelon had eyes and ears and a nose and a mouth. And she looked at the watermelon in its eyes, and she saw the watermelon had blue eyes, and the watermelon was able to talk to her. And the watermelon said, hi, Emma. My name is wiggly. And emma said, how did you know my name is emma? And wiggly the watermelon, said that he grew up in this watermelon field. And when he was a baby, his mama watermelon told him that one day, an eight year old girl named emma would come by on a frogboat to say hello. And emma said she didn't know about that. Well, wiggly, the watermelon asked if he could join emma and her parents on their picnic. And Emma said okay because she wanted to show her parents that there was really a talking watermelon. And so Wiggly the Watermelon rolled about, following Emma all the way to where Emma's parents set up a little blanket. And Emma's parents also were getting some yummy snacks ready. Some of the snacks were crackers, and there were even a couple of cookies. And Emma's parents had some drinks, including milk and including orange juice, ready for their picnic. And there was also going to be a special treat for dessert. Well, Wiggly the Watermelon asked if he could have any of the picnic, and Emma's parents said that he could. And Wiggley said that he wanted to have some of the special treat, which was going to be for dessert. And Emma said that she wasn't sure if watermelons usually have that kind of food at picnics, because watermelons usually just grow on plants. And Wiggly the Watermelon said that his favorite food is eggs with bacon and chocolate. And Emma said that is very silly because usually people don't put chocolate on top of eggs and bacon. But luckily for her, her father had packed some eggs with chocolate and bacon, and he got it out and put it on a plate, and the smell started going in different places. And Wiggly the Watermelon ate up the eggs and the bacon and the chocolate with his mouth and numbed it all up, and it went inside his watermelon body. As he did that, he said, this is such a good picnic. And Emma's parents also brought some toys for them to play with. One toy that watermelons really like to play with is playdoh, because they can make different shapes, and watermelons are usually pretty round, and they like to make different shapes like squares and triangles and dodecahedrons. And the Wiggly looked at the playdoh and he said, I have a friend that likes to play with playdoh also. Can he join our picnic? And Emma said, sure. Who's your friend? Is it another watermelon. And Wiggly the Watermelon said that, no, he was going to whistle, and then his friend would come. And so Wiggly the watermelon said, and suddenly from the other side of the tree where the picnic was hopped a bunny rabbit. This was a very silly bunny rabbit. His name was Benny. And Benny the Bunny rabbit said, hi. Wiggly watermelon. I haven't seen you in so long. Last time I saw you, you were by the other plants, and here you are by the picnic with Emma and her parents. It's a nice blanket that you're on. And Wiggly the watermelon said to Emma and Emma's parents, this is Benny the bunny. And Benny the bunny is really silly. Benny the bunny told Emma and Emma's parents that he liked to live in a sock, and he liked to live in a sock because he was a silly bunny. And silly bunnies usually bunnies kind of live underground. And they have special spaces underground, like tunnels. And sometimes if bunnies are a pet, they might live in a cage. But Benny bunny told wiggly the Watermelon and Emma and her parents that he really did like to live in a sock, and it was a pretty big socket. It was a grown up sock, so it could fit him, and nobody could really find him there, so he didn't have to worry about any predators. Well, Emma told Benny the bunny that he could have some of their picnic. Also, Benny the Bunny loved different kinds of foods because he wasn't a regular bunny. And so Emma's dad asked Benny bunny if he wanted a carrot, and Benny bunny said, I don't like carrots. And Emma said, but I thought bunny rabbits do like carrots. And Benny bunny said, no, bunny rabbits like to eat oranges, not carrots. And Emma said, I think you're tricking us. And Emma's mama said, oh, good, because I do have an orange here, so we could test it out. And she rolled the orange all the way to Wiggly watermelon. And Wiggly watermelon. Gave it to Benny the bunny. And Benny the Bunny started to eat the orange, and he said, this is a yummy carrot. And it was so silly because Benny bunny thought that oranges were really carrots and that carrots were really grapes. He didn't know about his fruits and vegetables. Well, they were all having a really good picnic when suddenly they saw something come flying out of the sky. It was rainbow colored, and it had a horn in the front, and it was Wiggly Watermelon's friend, uncle unicorn. And uncle Unicorn flapped his wings down until he got right to where the picnic was, and he said, wiggly, I haven't seen you in so long. And Wiggly the Watermelon told Emma that uncle unicorn was a friend of his as well, and that he and Benny the bunny would play a lot of games and go on the swings together, and sometimes they like to dig in sand together. And another thing that they like to do sometimes was to pretend and play with race cars. But they did have a lot of fun together. And so uncle unicorn said, I wanted to have some of this picnic either. And Emma's dad asked Uncle Unicorn what you like to eat? And uncle unicorn said, not so many people know this, but unicorns really like to eat a special kind of fruit called hawazikal. And hawazikal is a type of fruit that's rainbow colored, and inside has thick peel, and parents have to peel off the hawazikal. And inside the inside of the fruit is also rainbow colored, and it has some honey in the inside, and it's got little pieces of candy in it. Emma's dad said that he didn't have any huazicle fruit for the unicorn, and uncle Unicorn said, it's okay. I could just make it by myself. And he said, ha chu. And he sneezed and some rainbow dust came out of his sneeze, and the rainbow dust turned into a rainbow colored huazical fruit. And Uncle Unicorn cut it in half with his teeth, and he gave different portions to everyone, including Emma, and all of the animals loved it. And Uncle Unicorn told Emma and Benny the Bunny and Wiggly Watermelon that he used to live on the moon but flew back down to Earth and now comes to visit every once in a while. And he was happy to see them. And Emma had a fun picnic. Later that day. She went back in her froggy boat to the shore, and her parents drove her home, and she told everybody about her great adventure meeting Wiggly Watermelon, Benny the Bunny and Uncle Unicorn, and Emma and her family lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. Thanks for listening. And remember to tell your friends about makeup stories.