Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six and a half-year-old boy named Oliver. Oliver lived quite close to a beach. One day, when he went to the beach with his dad and his mom, he saw a green sailboat. The green sailboat had big green sails, and all of the sailors on the boat wore green outfits. They were carrying green buckets filled with what looked like green paint.

Oliver asked his mom and dad if they could go up to the sailors in green on the green sailboat and say hello. Oliver's parents agreed, and they went over to the green sailboat. Oliver asked the green sailors why they wore green outfits and why they had green buckets of green paint with them. One of the sailors told Oliver that they had discovered a rainbow-colored sea on a secret island that was really on the other side of the ocean from Playa Vista, California.

The sailor in the green outfit asked Oliver and his parents if they wanted to sail with them. Oliver's mom said, "I don't think that would be such a good idea because it would take us so long to get to that rainbow-colored ocean." Another sailor told Oliver's mom that they had jet engines on their green sailboat. Oliver said, "I want to see the jet engines." The sailor showed him the big jet engines, which were also green.

So, it was a sailboat that could go as fast as an airplane but on water, like a seaplane that couldn't lift off. Oliver told his parents they had to go because it wouldn't take so long to get to the rainbow-colored ocean. His parents agreed, and they all went with the people in the green outfits on their green sailboat with the green jet engine.

They zoomed off the regular ocean until they got to the other side of the world, where there was an island surrounded by a rainbow-colored ocean. The rainbow-colored ocean had red, orange, and purple water, and there were rainbow fish that lived in the rainbow ocean. The rainbow fish were regular fish shapes but had rainbow colors on them. They were very good at finding rainbows because they knew how to jump out of the water and look at the rainbow whenever it was raining.

Oliver was very happy to see so many rainbow fish in the rainbow ocean. He told everyone that it was okay, and they could try to drink the ocean water because the ocean water wasn't the regular salty kind of ocean water. The red part of the rainbow ocean tasted like strawberry juice. Oliver got a big straw and put it into the orange part of the rainbow-colored ocean, which tasted like orange juice. Then, he put his straw in the purple part of the rainbow-colored ocean, and it tasted like grape juice.

Oliver had an idea. He told everyone they needed to get a really big straw and stick it on the side of the green boat all the way down into the rainbow-colored ocean. Then, Oliver would get to drink the yummy sugary part that's on the bottom of the ocean. The green sailors and Oliver's mom and dad thought that was a good idea, so they got a really big straw that was as big as a grown-up and stuck it off the side of the boat next to the green jet engine into the ocean water.

The straw kept getting lower and lower until it hit something. Oliver said, "What's that? What did it hit?" Just as he asked what it hit, a submarine came up from under the water. It was an octopus submarine. The octopus submarine was made out of lights, and it had a special bubble where it held the water out so that it couldn't get crushed. Inside the octopus submarine, there were different secret compartments. One of them had a big box that said, "Don't show to anyone."

The big octopus submarine started going closer to the green boat, and the octopus started moving its eight tentacles round and round to make the submarine go. It came right up to Oliver on the green boat. The octopus said, "Oliver, why did you put your straw on me?" Oliver said that it was an accident. He was just trying to drink up the yummiest sugariest part of the ocean with a big straw. The octopus told Oliver that it was okay because it was just an accident. Oliver said, "Okay." Then, he asked the octopus if it wanted to be his friend, and the octopus said yes.

Oliver asked the octopus what was in the secret box that was in the octopus submarine chamber. The octopus said that it was a box that had a special kind of sticker. Oliver asked what kind of sticker was in the box, and the octopus said, "I'll show you." The octopus submarine opened up the submarine hatch and showed Oliver the box of infinite stickers. When Oliver took out one sticker, there were two more stickers in it. Every time Oliver took out a sticker, there was another sticker in it, so it never ran out of stickers.

Oliver decided to get some red stickers and put them all over the green boat. The color of the green boat changed to red because Oliver put red stickers all over the boat. Then, Oliver decided to put a different color sticker on all of the sailors. He made the green sailors blue by putting blue stickers on them. The octopus submarine kept giving more and more blue stickers to Oliver, and all of the green sailors' outfits turned blue.

Oliver, the sailors, and the octopus decided to have a dance party on the boat. They started playing some fun music, and it was fun to be on the boat because it was so sturdy and didn't sink. Eventually, they turned on the jet engine and went back to Oliver's house because it was getting late. Oliver went to his house and had a good night's sleep and lived happily ever after. The end.