Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Murphy. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Hi, my name is Oliver and I am six years old and I live in Play Vista, California. And I would like a story about a box that can make infinite stickers, a submarine app that can turn into anything, an ocean that's rainbow colored, and a chef builder. Thank you. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a six and a half year old boy whose name is Oliver and who lives in Playa Vista, California. Oliver asked for us to make up a story that includes a box that has infinite stickers, a submarine that can turn into anything, an ocean that's rainbow colored, and a master builder. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six and a half year old boy whose name was Oliver. Oliver lived pretty close to a beach. And one day when he went to the beach with his dad and with his mom, he saw that there was a green sailship. And the green sailship had big green sails. And all of the people it wasn't a Samoine. Nope, it wasn't a submarine. It was a sailship. It had a big sail. It was on top of the water. Oh, May had a tiny thermoine. Well, Oliver couldn't see that. But it was a big green sailboat. And there were people that were the sailors on the sailboat had green costumes and they were carrying green buckets with them that had maybe like it looks like green paint or something like that. And Oliver asked his mom and his dad if they could go up to the sailors who were dressed in green on the green sailboat and say hello. And Oliver's parents said okay. So Oliver and his parents went over to the green sailboat and Oliver asked the green sailors why they were dressed in green costumes and why they had green bucket of green paint with them. And one of the sailors told Oliver like to paint it so it doesn't lose green could be. One of the sailors told Oliver that they had discovered a rainbow colored sea on a secret island that was really on the other side of the ocean from Playa Vista, California. And the sailor who was dressed in the green costume asked Oliver and his parents if they wanted to sail with them. And Oliver's mom said, I don't think that would be such a good idea because it would take us so long to get to that rainbow colored ocean. And the other sailor told Oliver's mom that actually they had jet engines on their green sailboat. And Oliver said, I want to see the jet engines. And do you know what the sailor showed him? What? The big jet engines and the jet engines on the sailboat were green. So it was a sailboat that could go so fast, like as fast as an airplane but on water like a seaplane, but can't lift off. Yeah, it was like a seaplane that can't lift off, but it was the shape of a boat because seaplanes can take off. Little yeah. And Oliver, now, Oliver told his parents they had to go because it wouldn't take so long to get to the rainbow colored ocean. And his parents said okay. So Oliver went with the people in the green costumes on their green sailboat with the green jet engine. And Oliver's parents went on the boat, too, and they zoomed off the regular ocean until they got speed fast to the other side of the world, where there was an island surrounded by a rainbow colored ocean. The rainbow colored ocean on the other side of the world. It had like red, it had orange, it had purple water, and there were rainbow fish that lived in the rainbow ocean. And the rainbow fish weren't the shape of rainbows like, they were regular fish shapes, but they had rainbow colors on them. And they were very good at finding rainbows, because the rainbow fish, if ever it was raining and there might have been some rainbow because it was raining a little bit, then the fish knew how to jump out of the water and look at the rainbow. And that's why people called them rainbow fish, and they also were rainbow colored. Well, Oliver was very happy to see so many rainbow fish in the rainbow ocean. And Oliver told everyone that it was okay, and they could try to drink the ocean water, because the ocean water wasn't the regular salty kind of ocean water. The red part of this rainbow ocean tasted like strawberry juice. And so Oliver got a big straw and he put it into the orange part of the rainbow colored ocean, because there was a whole part of it that was an orange stripe. And when he drank it, it tasted like orange juice. And then Oliver decided to tell the sailors to move the green boat to the purple part of the rainbow colored ocean. Yes. And he put his straw in, and it tasted like grape juice. And Oliver was having a lot of fun exploring the rainbow ocean, but he had an idea. Oliver told everyone they needed to get a really big straw and stick the really big straw on the side of the green boat all the way down into the rainbow colored ocean. And then Oliver would get to drink the yummy sugary part that's on the bottom of the ocean. And the green sailors and Oliver's mom and dad thought that was a good idea, so they got a really big straw that was as big as a grown up, and they stuck it off the side of the boat next to the green jet engine into the ocean water. And the straw kept getting lower and lower until it hit something. And Oliver said what's that? What did it hit? What did it hit? And just as he asked what it hit. Do you know what came up from under the water? What? It was a submarine. It was an octopus submarine. Most submarines that people make are, like kind of shaped like bullets or something like that. They're really big and made of a lot of metal. But the octopus submarine was made out of lights, and it had a special bubble where it held the water out so that it couldn't get crushed. And inside of the octopus submarine, there were different secret compartments. And one of them had a big box that said don't show to anyone. And the big octopus submarine started going closer to the green boat, and the octopus started moving his eight tentacles round and round to make the submarine go. And it came right up to Oliver on the green boat. And the octopus said, oliver, why did you put your straw on me? And Oliver said that it was an accident. He was just trying to drink up the yummiest sugariest part of the ocean with a big straw. And the octopus told Oliver that it was okay because it was just an accident. And Oliver said, okay. And then Oliver said to the octopus, do you want to be my friend? And the octopus said, yes. And Oliver asked the octopus what was in the secret box that was in the octopus submarine chamber. And the octopus said that it was a box that had a special kind of sticker. And Oliver said, what kind of sticker is in the box? And the octopus said, I'll show you. An octopus submarine opened up the submarine hatch and it showed Oliver the box of infinite stickers. When Oliver took out one sticker, what happened was there were two more stickers in it. And every time Oliver took out a sticker, there was another sticker in it, so it never ran out of stickers. And so Oliver decided to get some red stickers. And Oliver put the there were so many red stickers that were coming out of the sticker box that he was able to put red stickers all over the green boat. And the color of the green boat changed to red because Oliver put red stickers all over the boat. Did the people have red suits and got the red suits? Yeah. And then Oliver decided he would put a different color sticker on all of the sailors, and he decided to make the green sailors blue. And so Oliver got blue stickers from the octopus submarine. And the octopus submarine kept giving more and more blue stickers to Oliver. And Oliver put the blue stickers on the green sailors, and all of the green sailors costumes turned blue. And then Oliver and the sailors in the octopus decided to have a dance party on the boat. And they started playing no, they started playing some fun music. And it was fun to be on the boat because it was so sturdy and didn't sink. But eventually they turned on the jet engine and went back to Oliver's house because it was getting to be late. And Oliver went to his house and had a good night's sleep and lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.