Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jesse had a special talent that not a lot of kids have. He was able to copy anybody's voice. If he wanted to sound like Jonah, he could just talk, and it would sound exactly like Jonah. If he wanted to sound like his dad, then he could copy Steve's voice, and it would sound just like Steve, even though the voice would come out of Jesse's mouth. Jesse could also make himself sound like his mom, Amanda. Sometimes when he was in preschool, he even made his voice sound like his teachers. He told all of the kids that it was snack time, and if they didn't see that he was the one talking, the other kids would think that his teacher was telling them it's snack time. So sometimes Jesse would hide behind different things, and he would tell kids things in grown-up voices so that they would have to listen. Sometimes Jesse made kids laugh by telling funny jokes in all sorts of funny voices. Jesse was even able to talk like a clown and whatever. Yes, he could do that.

Jesse was also able to sing any song he ever heard perfectly the first time he heard it. He could sing Mary Had a Little Lamb, Wheels on the Bus, any Cocoa Melon song, anything that you could imagine. Jesse could even say it. He would go and give concerts sometimes, and there would be a big audience. Lots of people would sit in chairs to listen to Jesse sing different songs and give speeches that sounded like they were coming from grown-ups, even though he was just a kid. Some people in the audience would stand up and they would say, pretend to be a baby. And then Jesse would cry, just like a baby. And then someone else in the audience might say, now pretend to be a pizza man. And Jesse would pretend to be a pizza man. He could do so many different tricks.

Sometimes Jesse would have to travel to different cities, and he would go on airplanes to get to those cities so that he could put on big shows. Jesse's picture was in the newspaper, and sometimes he would be on TV because so many people in the world wanted to see what he could do. One day, it was going to be the biggest concert that Jesse ever gave. At the concert, he was going to sing three different songs. One song was going to sound like a lady, the other song was going to sound like a man, and the third song was going to sound like two different kids singing it at one time. He had never tried that before. He never tried to sing, like, two people singing at once.

There were so many different people in the concert hall sitting down, waiting for Jesse to come out. There were big lights shining in Jesse's eyes. When he looked out, he could just see a crowd of so many different people sitting down. Jesse opened his mouth and he was getting ready to sing. When he started to sing his first song, which was Wheels on the Bus, he opened his mouth and no voice came out. No matter how hard Jesse tried, he couldn't make any sound go out. His mom came on stage and said, "Jesse, what happened? Why can't you make any sound?" Jesse couldn't even talk to his mom. He couldn't say words to explain to her what was happening because he couldn't say anything, and he also didn't know why he couldn't talk.

So his mom said, "Do you want to write it down?" But Jesse was still learning to write different letters. So Jesse tried to speak, but he couldn't say, "I don't know." His mom didn't understand him. So Jesse's mom said, "Jesse, how about I give you a marker and a piece of paper and you draw what's going on?" Jesse got a marker and a piece of paper, and he started drawing a green earplug. His mom couldn't tell what it was, and she said, "Did you just draw green candy?" Jesse couldn't say no, so he made a sound that meant no. His mom said, "Is it like a little bug that you drew?" Jesse made the same sound, and his mom said, "Well, point to where that thing is." Jesse pointed up to his ear.

His mom looked at his ear, and she saw that there was a teensy little earplug in his ear that was stuck. It wasn't like the kind of earplug that you might put in your ear on purpose. This one, Jesse didn't even know how it got in his ear because it was really little. It was as tiny as a crumb, and it could just fall out. Jesse's mom said, "Jesse, maybe I could try to take it out with my fingers." Jesse's mom stuck her little pinky finger in Jesse's ear, and Jesse made a sound because it hurt. But he didn't know how to say "ow," and he couldn't even cry anymore because no sound came out.

Finally, Amanda was able to get the earplug out of Jesse's ear. Jesse was finally able to talk again. He said, "How did that get in my ear?" Amanda said she wasn't sure. Jesse said, "Maybe it happened on the airplane because sometimes people wear earplugs on the airplane." Amanda said that she just wasn't sure how that could have snuck in his ear. Jesse thought maybe some bugs put it in. Then Amanda said, "Jesse, do you want to continue the concert?" Jesse said okay.

So he got back on stage. But when he tried to sing Wheels on the Bus like a grown-up, his voice was only regular. He just sounded like a kid. He did the concert, and he sang the different songs, but he was no longer able to imitate anyone's voice in the world and sing like anyone. He never knew how to get it back. So there was something that happened when that earplug got in his ear that it made his voice go away, and he could only have a regular Jesse voice after that because there was a ghost that was a nice ghost that put it in by accident. He thought people were bugs.

Jesse and his family lived happily ever after. The end.