Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup Stories, and I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use aya welcome to Makeup Stories. My name is Charlotte. Go to makeup stories.com to join the makeup club. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Jesse, what do you want tonight's Makeup Story to be about? An ear plug that when you put it in your ear, it takes your voice, and then you have no voice. Okay, an ear plug that when you put it in your ear, it takes your voice, and then you have no voice. Jonah, is there anything that you want to be in tonight's makeup story? No. Jonah says no. Okay. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jesse had a special talent that not a lot of kids have. And what he was able to do is, since he was little, he was able to copy anybody's voice. And so if he wanted to sound like Jonah, he could just talk, and it would sound exactly like Jonah. And if he wanted to sound like his dad, then he could copy Steve's voice, and it would sound just like Steve, even though the voice would come out of Jesse's mouth. And Jesse could also make himself sound like his mom, Amanda. And sometimes when he was in preschool, he even made his voice sound like his teachers. And he told all of the kids that it was snack time, and if they didn't see that he was the one talking, the other kids would think that his teacher was telling them it's snack time. So sometimes Jesse would hide behind different things, and he would tell kids things in grown up voices so that they would have to listen. And sometimes Jesse made kids laugh by telling funny jokes in all sorts of funny voices. Jesse was even able to talk like a clown and whatever. Yes, he could do that. And Jesse was also able to sing any song he ever heard perfectly the first time he heard it. And so he could sing mary had a Little Lamb. He could sing Wheels on the Bus. He could sing any Cocoa Melon song, anything that you could imagine. Jesse could even say it. And he would go and give concerts sometimes, and there would be a big audience. Lots of people would sit in chairs to listen to Jesse sing different songs and give speeches that sounded like they were coming from grown ups. Even though he was just a kid. And some people in the audience would stand up and they would say, pretend to be a baby. And then Jesse would cry, just like a baby. And then someone else in the audience might say, now pretend to be a pizza man. And Jesse would pretend to be a pizza man. And he could do so many different tricks. And sometimes Jesse would have to travel to different cities, and he would go on airplanes to get to those cities so that he could put on big shows. And Jesse's picture was in the newspaper. And sometimes he would be on TV because so many people in the world wanted to see what he could do. One day, it was going to be the biggest concert that Jesse ever gave. And at the concert, he was going to sing three different songs. One song was going to sound like a lady. The other song was going to sound like a man. And the third song was going to sound like two different kids singing it at one time. And he had never tried that before. He never tried to sing, like, two people singing at once. And there were so many different people that were in the concert hall sitting down, waiting for Jesse to come out. Like, all he could see there were so many guys surrounding him that he was just in Little Dot. And all of the people, the whole entire building was just third of people. Yeah, the whole entire building was full of people. And Jesse there were big lights shining in Jesse's eyes. And when he looked out, he could just see, like a crowd of so many different people sitting down. And Jesse opened his mouth and he was getting ready to sing. And when he started to sing his first song, which was Wheels on the Bus, he opened his mouth and no voice came out. No matter how hard Jesse tried, he couldn't make any sound go out. And his mom came on stage and said, jesse, what happened? Why can't you make any sound? And Jesse couldn't even talk to his mom. He couldn't say words to explain to her what was happening because he couldn't say anything. And he also didn't know and he also didn't know why he couldn't talk. So his mom said, do you want to write it down? But Jesse was still learning to write different letters. So Jesse trying to speak like and that was I don't know. Yeah. So Jesse tried, and he couldn't say, I don't know. So he tried to say, I don't know, but his mom didn't understand him. And so Jesse's mom said, jesse, how about I give you a marker and a piece of paper and you draw what's going on? And so Jesse got a marker and a piece of paper, and he started drawing like a green earplug. And his mom couldn't tell what it was, and she said, did you just draw green candy? And Jesse said, Because he couldn't say no. So he said he said, yeah. He said, which is like, no. And then his mom said, Is it like a little bug that you drew? And Jesse said and his mom said, well, point to where that thing is. And Jesse pointed up to his ear. And his mom looked at his ear, and she saw that there was, like, a teensy little earplug in his ear that was stuck. It wasn't like the kind of earplug that you might put in your ear on purpose. This one, Jesse didn't even know how it got in his ear because it was really little. Yeah, it was as tiny as a crumb. It could just fall out. Yeah, it was as tiny as a crumb, and it could just fall out. And Jesse's mom said, Jesse, like, maybe I could try to take it out with my fingers. And Jesse's mom stuck her little pinky finger in Jesse's ear. And Jesse said, because it hurt. But he didn't know how to say Ow. And he couldn't even cry anymore because no sound came out. So he said, yeah. So that's the sound that he made. But then finally, Amanda was able to get it out. And after she got the earplug out of Jesse's ear, jesse was finally able to talk again. He said, how did that get in my ear? And Amanda said she wasn't sure. And Jesse said, Maybe it happened on the earplane on the airplane. Because that's like, earplane it rhymes, and sometimes people wear earplugs on the airplane. And Amanda said that she just wasn't sure how that could have snuck in his ear. And Jesse thought maybe some bugs put it in. And then Amanda said, Jesse, do you want to continue the concert? And Jesse said okay. So he got back on stage. But when he tried to sing Wheels on the Bus like a grown up, his voice was only regular. He just sounded like a kid. And so he did the concert, and he sang the different songs, but he was no longer able to imitate anyone's voice in the world and sing like anyone. And he never knew how to get it back. So there was something that happened when that earplug got in his ear that it made his voice go away. And he could only have a regular Jesse voice after that because there was a ghost that was a nice ghost that put it in an accident. He thought people like were bugs. Yeah. And Jesse thought maybe a nice ghost put it by accident. But anyway, Jesse and his family lived happily ever after. The End stories into my step stories. My name is Bonnie. Go to MySTEP stories.com. Thank you. Close.