Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Aubrey. Aubrey had a little Chihuahua doggie. One day, the Chihuahua was running around Emily's house, and guess what happened? It slipped on a puddle of orange juice. After the Chihuahua slipped, it got a boo-boo on its nose because it bumped into the ground, and a little bit of orange juice got on its nose. Chihuahuas are tiny dogs, but sometimes their barks or woofs can sound loud. This time, the Chihuahua started to cry in dog woofing. It sounded a bit like a person crying, but it was really a dog.

So Aubrey walked into the kitchen and saw the orange juice spill and her doggie with a bumped nose. She called her mom and dad for help. Her mom and dad rushed to the kitchen, and her dad asked, "Aubrey, why is there orange juice spilled here?" Aubrey replied, "Maybe Emily spilled it." Aubrey's mom said they would ask Emily. Emily said she didn't spill it. So there was a mystery about who spilled the orange juice, and the doggie needed some ice on its nose. Aubrey's mom got an ice pack, and Aubrey held it on the doggie's nose. The little doggie tried to squirm away, but Aubrey needed to hold it on the doggie's nose so the boo-boo wouldn't hurt.

After she finished holding the ice pack on the doggie's nose, Aubrey decided that she and Emily would use toilet paper to soak up the orange juice and clean the mess. They took toilet paper from the bathroom and put it on the kitchen floor. When they put all the toilet paper on the puddle of orange juice, Aubrey's mom and dad asked, "Why is there so much toilet paper here?" Aubrey and Emily said they were trying to help clean up the orange juice. Aubrey's mom and dad said that was really good helping.

The doggie got a bump on its nose, and the bump started to get big, so the doggie's nose looked kind of silly with a big bump on it. Aubrey told her mom that she wanted to build a safe little place for the doggie where he wouldn't slip. Her mom asked, "Well, how could we do that?" Aubrey and Emily said they had a box, and they could cut little holes in the boxes with scissors, with a parent helping. Then the box could be where the Chihuahua would have its safe spot. So they cut a box and made a little roof on the box. They put some carpet in the box and put a roof on it with some tape. After they finished making it, the little Chihuahua went inside his new house. And guess what he said? He said, "Lego." Emily said, "I didn't know that doggies could say Lego." But the Chihuahua had learned how to talk. And Aubrey said, "That means the doggie wants a house made out of Lego."

Just as they said that, their doorbell rang, and it went, "Ding dong." There was a delivery man with a big package. Do you know what the package was? It was regular Lego pieces in a big box. Aubrey and Emily said, "Yay," because they got to open up the Lego box. They started to make a dog house out of Lego. They decided that they would have a dog house with a little doggy roof, a little doggy door that could open and close, and a special dog kitchen with bones and kibbles. There was even a special upstairs part in the attic where the doggie could go hide. But sometimes after they finished making the Lego building, the Chihuahua would go in the attic and try to hide. But he was not very good at hiding because Aubrey and Emily always found their Chihuahua in the Lego house when it said, "Woof woof," very quietly. The doggie was not a good hider, but the doggie loved his Lego house so much that the doggie said, "More Lego. More Lego. Woof woof. More Lego."

Aubrey and Emily decided they needed more Lego. So Aubrey told her mom, and her mom went to the Lego store. At the Lego store, the man said, "There's not enough Lego in the whole store for you. I think you guys need to go on an adventure to the Lego factory." So Aubrey and Emily went in car seats, and Aubrey's dad drove them very far along the highway to the Lego factory. It was in a different city, the Lego factory.

The Lego factory was a very interesting factory because most factories are regular buildings made of bricks, stone, cement, or wood. But the Lego factory was made out of Legos, and it was the biggest Lego factory in the whole world. It was so big, it was bigger than a regular building, but not as big as a skyscraper. The door to the Lego building was bigger than a regular person's house. The door to the Lego factory was made out of Lego, and it had a Lego doorknob. When they opened the door, they saw Lego slides in the Lego factory. There really were slides because part of the Lego wasn't bumpy. You could just slide on it, and it went around. It was one of those slides that goes in a circle a little bit as it goes down. There was also a Lego ice cream store. The Lego ice cream store had regular cones, like sugar cones. But the machine where the ice cream came from was made out of Lego. The person in charge of the ice cream shop pulled a Lego piece and pushed a Lego button, and then you could choose what flavor you wanted. So if you wanted vanilla ice cream in a cone, you could say that. Emily decided she wanted strawberry ice cream from the Lego ice cream store, and Aubrey decided she wanted a different flavor, chocolate ice cream. They both had some yummy ice cream.

Then the lady in charge of the factory asked if they needed to get some Lego. Aubrey and Emily said they wanted lots of Lego because they wanted to build the biggest dog house in the world. The lady in charge of the factory asked, "Why do you want to make the biggest dog house in the world if Chihuahuas are such little dogs?" Aubrey said she could tell, but it was a secret. So Aubrey whispered in Emily's ear that Emily should tell the lady in charge of the factory that they needed lots of Lego because she thought that when the Chihuahua grew up and its nose got better, the Chihuahua would turn into the biggest dog in the world. Aubrey thought that was a little silly because usually Chihuahuas are the smallest dogs, not the biggest. But the lady in charge of the factory said, "Okay." She pressed a button and pulled a string. After she did that, lots of people started driving trucks into the factory. They were regular trucks, like dump trucks and moving trucks. One of them even had a school bus. They filled all of the dump trucks and all of the moving trucks and the whole school bus full of Lego. All of the truck drivers and the school bus driver drove the Lego to Aubrey and Emily's house. When they got there, they started carrying it inside. Aubrey's dad said, "So much Lego. Do we really need such a big doghouse out of Lego?" Aubrey said, "Yes, we do because there's a secret that only me and Emily know."

They started to build the dog house out of Lego, and it got bigger and bigger and bigger. They made such a big doghouse out of Lego that it went out of the window and got attached to a treehouse. The doggie had so much fun going in and out of the treehouse, and it never really did get big. But Emily always said maybe secretly when it gets older, it'll get big. Emily and Aubrey lived happily ever after, even though their doggy never got big. Then kitty cats started to go in their house and go in that doggy house, and squirrels would go on it since it was attached to a tree. They all lived happily ever after. The end.