Welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime wampus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from Aubrey and Emily. And Aubrey and Emily asked for us to make up a story that includes a Chihuahua, which is a very little kind of doggie, and also Lego, which is a fun toy to play with, and you can build things with Lego. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Aubrey. Aubrey used to have a little doggie that was a Chihuahua. One day, the chihuahua was running around Emily's house, and do you know what happened? What? It slipped on a puddle of orange juice. And after the chihuahua slipped on the puddle of orange juice, it got a boo boo on its nosy, because the chihuahua bumped its nosy into the ground, and a little bit of orange juice got on the chihuahua's nosy. Chihuahuas are very little dogs, but sometimes when they bark or woof, it could sound kind of loud. And this time, the chihuahua started to cry in dog woofing. And it said and it sounded a little bit like a person crying, but really it was a dog. So Aubrey walked into the kitchen, and she saw that there was the orange juice spill and that her doggie had bumped its nose into the floor. And she told her mom and her dad to come help. And her mom and dad came rushing to the kitchen, and her dad said, aubrey, why is there some orange juice spilled there? And Aubrey said, maybe Emily spilled it. And Aubrey's mom said that they'll ask. And Emily said that she didn't spill it. Well, no, she didn't. And so there was a mystery of who spilled the orange juice on the floor, and the doggie needed some ice on its nosy. So Aubrey's mama got an ice pack, and Aubrey held the ice pack on the doggie's nosy, and the little doggie tried to squirm and get away, but Aubrey needed to hold it on the doggie's nosy so that its boo boo wouldn't hurt. Well, Aubrey, after she finished holding the ice pack on the doggie's nosy, she decided that she and Emily would use toilet paper that they would take off from the bathroom and put the toilet paper in the kitchen on the floor to soak up the orange juice and to clean the mess. Well, when they put all the toilet paper on the puddle of orange juice in the kitchen, aubrey's mama and Aubrey's dadda said, why is there so much toilet paper here? And Aubrey and Emily said they were trying to help clean up the orange juice. And Aubrey's mom and daddy said that that was really good helping. Well, the doggie got a bump on its nose, and the bump was starting to get big, so the doggie's nose looked kind of silly because it had a big bump on it. And Aubrey told her mama that she wanted to build a safe little place for the doggie where he wouldn't slip. And her mama said, well, how could we do that? Yeah. And then Aubrey and Emily said, well, they had a box, and they could cut, like, little holes in the boxes with scissors, with a parent helping. And then the box could be where the Chihuahua would have its safe spot. And so they cut a box and made a little roof on the box. And they put some yeah, they put some carpet in the box, and they put a roof on it with some tape. And after they finished making it, the little Chihuahua went inside his new house. And do you know what he said? He said, Lego. And Emily said, I didn't know that doggies could say Lego. But the Chihuahua had learned how to talk. And Aubrey said, that means that the doggie wants a house made out of Lego. Just as they said that, their doorbell rang, and it went Ding dong. And there was a delivery man, and the delivery man had a big package. Do you know what the package was? No. It was regular Lego pieces in a big box. Yes. And Aubrey and Emily said, Yay, because they got to open up the Lego box. And they started to make a dog house out of Lego. They decided that they would have a dog house that had a little doggy roof, a little doggy door, which could open and close, and it would have a special dog kitchen where there were bones and kibbles, and there was even a special upstairs part in the attic where the doggie could go hide. But sometimes after they finished making the Lego building, the Chihuahua would go in the attic and he would try to hide. But he was not very good at hiding, because Aubrey and Emily were always able to find their Chihuahua in the Lego house because it would say Woof woof, very quietly. And so the doggie was not a good hider, but the doggie loved his Lego house so much that the doggie said, more Lego. More Lego. Woof woof. More Lego. And then Aubrey and Emily decided they needed to get more Lego. So Aubrey told her mama, and her mama went to the Lego store. And in the Lego store, the man at the store said, there's not enough Lego in the whole store for you. I think you guys need to go on an adventure to the Lego factory. And so Aubrey and Emily went in some car seats, and Aubrey's dad drove them very far along the highway to the Lego factory. It was in a different city, the Lego factory. Now, the Lego factory was a very interesting factory because most factories are regular buildings that are made of, like, bricks or stone or cement or wood. Yeah, but the Lego factory was made out of Legos, and it was the biggest Lego factory in the whole world. It was so big, it was bigger than a regular building, but not as big as a skyscraper. And the door to the Lego building is bigger than a regular person's house. And the door to the Lego factory was made out of Lego, and it had a Lego doorknob. And when they opened up the door, they saw that there were Lego slides in the Lego factory. There really was, because part of the Lego wasn't bumpy. You could just slide on it, and it went around. It was one of those slides that goes kind of in a circle a little bit as it goes down. And there was also a Lego ice cream store. And the way that the Lego ice cream store worked is it had regular cones, like sugar kind of cones. But the machine where the ice cream came from, that's what was made out of Lego. And the person in charge of the ice cream shop pulled a Lego piece and then pushed a Lego button, and then you could choose what flavor you wanted. So if you wanted vanilla ice cream in a cone, then you can say that. Emily decided that she wanted strawberry ice cream from the Lego ice cream store, and Audrey decided that she wanted a different flavor, chocolate ice cream. They both had some yummy ice cream. And then the lady who is in charge of the factory asked them if they needed to get some Lego. And Aubrey and Emily said that they wanted to get so much Lego because they wanted to build the biggest dog house in the world. And the lady in charge of the factory said, why do you want to make the biggest dog house in the world if Chihuahuas are such little dogs? And Aubrey said that she could tell, but it was a secret. And so Aubrey whispered in Emily's ear that Emily should tell the lady in charge of the factory that they needed so much Lego because she thought that when the Chihuahua grew up and its nosy got better, that the Chihuahua would turn into the biggest dog in the world. And Aubrey thought that was a little silly, because usually Chihuahuas are like the smallest dogs, not the biggest. But the lady in charge of the factory said, okay. And she pressed a button and pulled a string. And after she did that, a lot of people started driving trucks into the factory. They were regular trucks, like dump trucks and stuff like that, and moving trucks. One of them even had a school bus. And they filled all of the dump trucks and all of the moving trucks and the whole school bus full of Lego. And all of the truck drivers and the school bus driver drove the Lego to Aubrey and Emily's house. And when they got there, they started carrying it inside. And Aubrey's dad has said, so much Lego. Do we really need such a big doghouse out of Lego? And Aubrey said, yes, we do because there's a secret that only me and Emily know. And they started to build the dog house out of Lego and it got bigger and bigger and bigger, and they made such a big doghouse out of Lego that it went out of the window and got attached to a tree house. And the doggie had so much fun going in and out of the treehouse and it never really did get big, but Emily always said maybe secretly when it gets older, it'll get big. And Emily and Aubrey lived happily ever after, even though their doggy never got big. And then kitty cats started to go in their house and go in that doggy house and squirrels would go on it since it was attached to a tree. And they all lived happily ever after. Her. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.