Aya nayo AI. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is isa. Go to makeup stories.com if you want to be in the club. Nayo AI. Tonight's makeup story is a request from my sons, jonah and jesse. I'm seeing them now for the first time in a week, and jonah asks for the story to be about a dragon that destroys a city made of blocks. And the city, he says, is a whole kingdom. And jesse also wants the story to be about that. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a doll whose name was jesse. Jesse lived in a doll house, and he had a doll brother and a doll mother and also a dad who was a big doll. And in their doll house, they would have a bed that was just for dolls, and yeah, bud, did they have a place to live, or did they just have some house with nothing in it? The doll house that jesse and jonah doll and their family lived in did have some furniture, and it also had a pretend kitchen. The furniture that it had included two different beds, and jesse's mom and dad slept on one bed, and jesse and jonah shared another bed. The doll house also had a kitchen where there was a pretend sink and a pretend oven and also some pretend teapots. The doll house could open up, and it could split in half. And if jesse or jonah wanted to jump off of the top, all they would have to do was jump onto the shelf that the doll house was on. Sometimes, when no real person in the house was looking, jesse and jonah would escape out of the doll house, and they would start to play on the shelf. The shelf was made of blocks, and the blocks were kind of very slippery, because sometimes some slime would get all over the blocks, and dolls don't have feet that are very grippy. It's easy for dolls to slip. And so jonah and jesse doll would slip on the slime that was on the bookshelf, which was made of blocks, and they would slide down the slime until they would fall off the end of the bookshelf onto a big green carpet. And when jonah and jesse doll would get to the green carpet, they would start to walk around, and they could see all of the different toys that lived in the house of where the doll house was. The other toys couldn't come alive like them. They kind of just laid there on the floor. But jesse and jonah doll really wished that one of the toys would come alive to play with them. And jesse doll told jonah that he had an idea. He said that they should go find a treasure box toy and they should also go find a dragon toy, and they should put the dragon toy in the treasure box toy, and they should bring it back up to their doll house. And they should get a little bit of the Silly Putty that was on the bookshelf made of blocks, and they should mix it all together. And Jesse told Jonah that that would turn the toy dragon into a real dragon. So Jonah and jesse found a toy dragon, and they got the toy treasure box. And they slowly and carefully climbed up the bookshelf that was made of blocks, and they got a little bit of slime when they got to the top. And then they walked it all the way to their doll house. And the doll house was open, and Jesse and Jonah doll jumped up to the top floor where the pretend kitchen was. And that's where Jesse and Jonah mixed up the dragon with the treasure box with a little bit of slime and a little bit of pretend water from the pretend sink. Jesse started to blow on it, and suddenly the light in the doll house turned on and the dragon started to breathe. The dragon came right out of the treasure box and it flapped its wing. And the dragon asked Jesse if it was also a doll. Jonah told the dragon that it was not a doll, that it used to be a toy, but that Jesse did some magic mixing to it and that now it was real. The dragon asked Jesse if Jesse was its dad. Jesse told the dragon that he wasn't its dad. And the dragon told jesse that the dragon wanted to do whatever Jesse said. So Jesse told the dragon that he wanted a ride. And Jesse and Jonah climbed up, and they went on the dragon's back. And then the dragons started to give Jesse and Jonah doll a special dragon ride through the room of the house that they lived in. They went past the slime on the blocks that made up the bookshelf. They flew all over the green carpet and saw the toys that were still pretend laying on the floor. And Jesse and Jonah told the dragon that it should fly right out the door and go outside to see the real world. And the dragon did. The dragon flew through the front door and it went out of the house. And when Jesse and Jonah doll looked around, they saw that they lived in a magnetile kingdom. Outside, there were lots of bees and there were also some butterflies. But the bees and the butterflies were in a giant magnetile kingdom. And Jesse and Jonah were flying the dragon all the way to the top of the magnetile kingdom. Jesse wanted to see if there was a real ceiling in the sky or not. So Jonah told the dragon to go as high as it could. And Jesse and Jonah held on tightly. The dragon started to fly higher and higher until it got very close to the different color magnet tiles that were in the sky. When it got so close, jesse told Jonah that he had to go on Jonah's shoulders to see if they could touch it. And Jonah told Jesse to be careful because it was hard to balance on a dragon. Jesse said that he would be careful, and the dragon stayed very still because the dragon always had to listen to Jesse. Jesse climbed on top of Jonah's shoulders, and then he reached up with the top of his fingers, and he felt the sky in the magnetile kingdom. And the sky really was made of an orange magnet tile. And on the other side of the magnetile, Jesse could see a light, but he couldn't tell if it was a real sun or just a flashlight. So Jonah told Jesse to balance and not to fall down. And Jesse decided to go down Jonah's shoulders back onto the dragon very carefully. When he went down, he slipped and Jesse fell. But the dragon was so good that the dragon caught Jesse, and then Jesse was back on the dragon safely. Jesse and Jonah held on to the dragon, and the dragon flew slowly down from the top of the magnetile kingdom until it got all the way back to where the forest was. When it got to the top of the forest, jesse could see that there were other doll houses and other real people houses that were in the village next to the forest. And Jesse and Jonah decided that they would have to go visit those different doll houses inside the real people houses on a dragon ride a different day. But it was getting late, and Jesse and Jonah were on the dragon ride all by itself. Jonah looked up and he saw that on top of the orange magnet tile, the sun or the flashlight or whatever it was, was getting dimmer. It was becoming harder to see. So Jesse told his dragon to fly back through that front door and go past the buzzing bees into the house where his doll house was. And the dragon listened. And the dragon flew with Jesse and Jonah on its back, all the way back to the doll house next to the slime on the blocks. That was the bookshelf. And Jesse and Jonah told their mom and dad, the big dolls, what just happened. And Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end. Thank you for listening to makeup stories. My name is Clyback. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the group. Tell your friends.