Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse lived in a house made of many logs. Their log house was in the middle of a forest famous for its red licorice trees. The licorice trees in this forest grew really tall and really thick. Inside them, there was a lot of sugar used to make candy.

One day, Jonah and Jesse were out exploring, and Jonah, holding Jesse's hand, asked, "Jesse, did you ever wonder why the trees in our forest have so much sugar in them?" Jesse said he didn't know. Jonah told Jesse that he had a clue that it's because there was a lot of sugar in the ground. So Jonah and Jesse decided to start digging. Normally, when kids dig, they use a shovel, a stick, or their fingers, and they give up after a little bit. But that day, Jonah and Jesse stayed in one spot the whole afternoon, and they took turns shoveling. When one got tired, the other would shovel until they found a really, really deep hole in front of them.

They stopped digging when they noticed that there was a worm coming out from the bottom of the hole. And when the first worm came out, many more worms followed. So many different worms started coming out of the hole that Jonah and Jesse dug. There were probably like 200 different worms, and the worms just kept coming until they filled the entire hole that Jonah and Jesse dug. Soon, the worms started to go out of the hole, and they started to go all around the ground in the forest.

Once the worms got in the ground, they started to get a little bit bigger, and the worms started to transform into dinosaurs. All of those little worms got bigger and bigger, and they got scales on their skin, and they got big, strong heads, and they grew legs, and they had tails, and they were starting to make little noises. At first, it wasn't very loud. At first, it sounded like an eagle. And then suddenly it started to sound a little bit more like a cross between an eagle and a roar.

The dinosaurs got bigger and bigger, but they thought that Jonah and Jesse were their mom because they were the first things that they saw. All of the dinosaurs were trying to go right to Jesse and Jonah and give them hugs. But Jesse and Jonah didn't want the dinosaurs to go so close to them because the dinosaurs had big dinosaur teeth. Jesse asked Jonah what they should do. Jonah said that they had to teach the dinosaurs to listen to them even though they couldn't speak the same language.

So Jonah decided to lift his hand up in the air. And when Jonah lifted his hand up, all of the dinosaurs copied, just like Simon says. The dinosaurs lifted their hands up too. Then Jesse said, "Oh, I have an idea." And Jesse started to put his arm down in the ground and he started to dig. And do you know what all the dinosaurs started to do? Dig. All the dinosaurs started to dig. And because there were so many dinosaurs, all of the dinosaurs digging together. The dinosaurs were so strong, soon they made a hole that was as deep as a mountain is high. It was the deepest hole that anyone had ever made in the world.

They found the roots of all the licorice trees buried in the ground. They saw that there really was sugar under the ground. There was so much sugar under the ground, it was kind of like, you know how much sand is at a beach? There was that much sugar that was under the ground. The dinosaurs loved the sugar. Some of the dinosaurs stopped digging because Jesse put a little bit of the sugar in his mouth and the dinosaurs were copying whatever Jesse did. So the dinosaurs all put some sugar into their mouths.

Suddenly, when the dinosaurs had sugar, they all started to float. Jesse didn't float, and Jonah didn't float. But now that the dinosaurs were floating, they couldn't dig. Jesse didn't know how to get them to go back to the ground. So Jonah said to Jesse that they needed to figure out a way to get the dinosaurs to go back to the ground. Jesse said, "Oh, I have an idea." And Jesse jumped up. And when he jumped back on the ground, he fell down all the way to the ground. The dinosaurs were in the air. Jesse was hoping that they would copy and jump up and then fall down to the ground. But the dinosaurs weren't able to jump because to jump, you have to start on the ground. So that didn't work.

Finally, Jonah told Jesse that they should walk through the forest all the way to their log house and maybe a grownup would know what to do. Jonah and Jesse walked through the forest, and all of the floating dinosaurs that used to be earthworms followed behind them. Until finally, Jesse and Jonah got to their house. Jesse and Jonah went into their house first. The first dinosaur tried to follow, but the door was too big, and it stayed outside.

When Jesse got in the house, he told his dad that there were so many dinosaurs outside, and they were all trying to get into the house, but none of them would fit. Jesse told his dad that the dinosaurs used to be earthworms and that they came out of a hole that he and Jonah dug in the ground. Steve, their dad, told Jesse and Jonah that he was going to go outside to take a look. Steve opened the door and went outside, and he looked around, but all of the dinosaurs had disappeared. He didn't see any. Steve said, "Jesse, are you tricking? Because I don't see any dinosaurs." Jesse said, "Look, Dad, they're right there. Don't you see them?" But Steve looked, and he still couldn't see them. Jesse said, "Really? They're really there. You have to believe me." Steve didn't believe him because he couldn't see the dinosaurs.

That's when Jonah and Jesse realized that only kids could see these dinosaurs that came from earthworms, that floated in the air and that wouldn't fit through the door of a house. Jonah and Jesse told their parents, "Grownups can't see these dinosaurs. Only kids can." Steve asked, "Well, is there a way that I could become a kid again?" Jonah and Jesse went outside and tried to figure it out. They decided to draw a magic door. They drew the magic door, and when Steve touched the magic door, he became a kid again. Then he went outside, and he was finally able to see all the floating dinosaurs. That's when Jesse and Jonah told their dad that they told him so. There really were dinosaurs after all.

Jesse saw that when his dad was a kid, he was just like him. He asked, "Well, how are we going to what are we going to do with the dinosaurs? Because it's getting dark, and soon it's going to be nighttime." Steve said, "Why don't we walk the dinosaurs back to the hole where you first found them, and maybe they would turn back into earthworms and go inside." So Steve, Jonah, and Jesse got flashlights, and they took a nighttime walk through the forest back to the hole where the earthworms first came out. All of the dinosaurs, when they saw that hole, turned back into earthworms and went back into the hole.

Then Steve, who was a kid, and Jonah and Jesse used their flashlights to guide themselves all the way back home. And when they got back home, they lived happily ever after. The end.