Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were three boys named James, Jet, and Jace. These three boys were brothers, and they lived in a treehouse. Their treehouse had lots of ropes on the outside. When they wanted to go down, they could choose to climb down the ropes or take the slide from the top of the treehouse all the way down. James and Jet were really good at using the ropes, but Jace was super fast when he took the slide down. Sometimes they would have a race where James and Jet would take the ropes down, and Jace would take the slide, and they would see who won. Sometimes James won, sometimes Jet did, and sometimes Jace.

One day, James, Jet, and Jace were walking near a pond, and there was a rubber ducky floating in the middle of the pond. It was a yellow rubber ducky, just like the one James, Jet, and Jace had in their house for bath time. James asked Jet, "Why is our rubber ducky from the bathtub floating in this pond?" Jet said that he didn't know. They decided to throw a rope into the pond, attach a stick onto the rope, and see if they could hook the rubber ducky and pull it back in. So James, Jet, and Jace made the rope with a stick, threw it in the pond, and they lassoed the rubber ducky and brought it all the way back in.

When they saw the rubber ducky on the shore, they were surprised to see that there was an animal on it. The animal looked yellow. It was camouflaged, but Jace was the first one to see it. Jace said, "Look, on top of that rubber ducky, there's something that's not actually a rubber ducky. It's just yellow, and it looks like it's a rubber ducky." His brothers said, "We don't believe you." But then he said, "Look." He put a green leaf on top of the rubber ducky, which was yellow, and something on top of the rubber ducky turned green, the same color as the leaf. His brothers didn't believe him, but really, there was a chameleon on top of the rubber ducky, and the chameleon was yellow because chameleons can change colors to look like the things they're on. When he put the leaf on top of the chameleon, it changed to be green. Chameleons are really good at hiding because they can blend in with their backgrounds, and chameleons can change colors. When the chameleon was on the rubber ducky and the leaf was on him, the bottom of the chameleon was yellow and the top was green.

The chameleon could talk. The chameleon told James, "I was there in the middle of the pond riding the rubber ducky. I was all by myself, and I'm so happy you guys got me in because I was scared in the middle of the water." James said that he was happy to help. The chameleon asked if he could go home with James, Jet, and Jace. They said, "Okay." The chameleon went on top of James's head, and James, Jet, and Jace walked all the way back to their house.

When they got to their house, they climbed up the ropes to go back into the treehouse. Their mom said, "It's good to see you guys here again. Why are you carrying that rubber ducky?" Jet said that they found it in the pond. James said, "Mom, do you see anything on me?" James's mom said, "No." Jet said, "Are you sure you don't see anything on James?" His mom said, "No." Then Jace put a green leaf on top of James's hair. Do you know what happened? There was a chameleon on it that changed colors. His mom said, "How do you guys have a chameleon, a real-life chameleon, on your head?" James, Jet, and Jace told their mom about how they found the chameleon in the pond and that it was on the rubber ducky and it changed colors. Their mom said that that was really special.

Just as she said it was really special, they heard some big shaking on the ground, and it sounded like a really big animal was coming. They heard, "Shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake." Suddenly they looked out of their treehouse, which was high in the trees. Do you know what they saw? They saw a Great Dane, which is a big dog. This dog was the biggest dog in the world. It was as big as an elephant. They asked the doggie how it got to be as big as an elephant because it was so tall that it went all the way up to their treehouse. The doggie's head reached into their treehouse. It was so big. James, Jet, and Jace asked the doggie how it got that big. The doggie said it was walking around outside when a chameleon came on it. The chameleon said, "Beep, beep, boop, boop." After he said those sounds, the doggie got so big. The doggie said he was looking for the chameleon because he wanted to get smaller again.

Jace said, "We know where the chameleon is. We found it. It was in the pond on a rubber ducky, and now it's in our house." The doggie said, "Please, guys, can you tell the chameleon to come outside because I need him to make me small again." James, Jet, and Jace rushed into the treehouse and found where the chameleon was. The way they found it is they brought the green leaf with them and saw if it changed color. They finally saw that the chameleon was in the bathtub, and it was hard to see because the chameleon was camouflaged and blending in. Jet put the green leaf over the bathtub and saw that the chameleon turned green. They got the chameleon and walked outside their treehouse right to where the doggie was. They said, "Here's the chameleon."

The chameleon told the doggie that he didn't mean to make him big for so long; he just wanted to test it out for a little bit and that he would make him small again. The doggie said, "Okay." Then the chameleon licked the doggie's nose, and the doggie turned regular doggie size again. Great Danes are still big, and this Great Dane was still a pretty big dog, but it was not as big as an elephant anymore. James, Jet, and Jace told the chameleon that he did a good job. The chameleon asked James, Jet, and Jace if he wanted to turn them into giant boys. The kids told the chameleon that they would have to decide and ask their mom tomorrow. They told the chameleon to hide somewhere that night. The next day they would say if they want the chameleon to turn them into giant kids.

The chameleon hid that night in their house, in their treehouse. The next morning when they woke up, they looked all over for the chameleon because they decided they wanted to be made giants. But try though they might, they couldn't find the chameleon. They used the green leaf, and they were searching and searching and searching, but they couldn't find the chameleon. They couldn't become giant boys. They kept searching. One day, a long time later, they might have found the chameleon because they had a green leaf and they looked, and something turned green. But really, it wasn't the chameleon. It was just a glow worm that was hanging upside down. Glow worms can look green also. They never did find the chameleon to make them big again until they were older. When they were older, they found it. But this wouldn't happen until much later. In the meantime, James, Jet, and Jace lived happily ever after. The end.