You. Tonight's makeup story is a request from three boys named james, jet, and jace. James, jet, and jace asked for us to make up a story that includes a chameleon, a catfish, and a big doggie called a great dane that was as big as an elephant. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were three boys named james, jet, and jace. These three boys were brothers, and they lived in a treehouse. And their treehouse had lots of ropes on the outside. And when they wanted to go down, they had a choice if they climbed down the ropes or if they took the slide from the top of the treehouse all the way down. And James and jet were really good at the ropes, but jace was so fast when he took the slide down, and sometimes they would have a race where James and jet would take the ropes down, and jace would take the slide, and they would see who won. And sometimes James won, and sometimes jet did, and sometimes jace. Well, one day one day, james, jet, and jace were walking near a pond, and there was a rubber ducky that was floating in middle of the pond, and it was a yellow rubber ducky. And it was a kind that James, jet, and jace had in their house in the bathtub sometimes. And James asked jet, why is that rubber ducky that used to be in our bathtub floating in this lake? And jet said that he didn't know. They decided that they would throw a rope in the lake, and they would attach a stick onto the rope, and they would see if they could get it on the rubber ducky and pull the rubber ducky back in, because the stick would move it and it would get back in. So James, jet, and jace made the rope with a stick, threw it in the pond, and they lassoed the rubber ducky and brought it all the way back in. When they saw the rubber ducky on shore, they were surprised to see that there was an animal in it. And the animal looked yellow. It was camouflaged, but jace was the first one to see it. Jace said, look, on top of that rubber ducky, there's something that's not actually a rubber ducky. It's just yellow, and it looks like it's a rubber ducky. And his brother said, I don't believe you. But then he said, look. And he put a green leaf on top of the rubber ducky, which was yellow, and something on top of the rubber ducky turned green, the same color as the leaf. And his brothers didn't believe him. But really, there was a chameleon on top of the rubber ducky, and the chameleon was yellow because chameleons can change colors to look like the things that they're on. And then when he put the leaf on top of the chameleon, it changed to be green. Chameleons are really good at hiding because they can blend in with their backgrounds and chameleons can change colors. Bottom, yellow. And his top. Yes. And when the chameleon was on the rubber ducky and the leap was on him, the bottom of the chameleon was yellow and the top was green. Well, the chameleon was able to talk. And the chameleon told James. James, I was there in middle of the lake riding the rubber ducky. And I was all by myself. And I'm so happy you guys got me in because I was scared in middle of the wedder. And James said that he was happy to help. And so the chameleon asked if he could go home with James, Jet and Jace. And they said, okay. And the chameleon went on top of James's head. And James, Jet and Jace walked all the way back to their house. When they got to their house, they climbed up the ropes to go back in the treehouse. And their mom said, it's good to see you guys here again. Why are you carrying that rubber ducky? And Jet said that they found it in the lake. And James said, mom, do you see anything on me? And James's mom said, no. And Jet said, are you sure you don't see anything on James? And his mom said, no. And then Jace put a green leaf on top of James's hair. And do you know what happened? There was a chameleon on it that changed colors. And his mom said, how do you guys have a chameleon, a real life chameleon that is on your head? And James, Jet and Jace told their mom about how they found the chameleon in a pond and that it was on the rubber ducky and it changed colors. And their mom said that that was really special. Well, just as she said it was really special, they heard some big shaking on the ground, and it sounded like a really big animal was coming. And they would go, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake, shake. And suddenly they looked out of their treehouse, which was high in the trees. And do you know what they saw? What? They saw Great Dane, which is a big dog. And this dog was the biggest dog in the world. And it was as big as an elephant. And they asked the doggie how it got to be as big as an elephant because it was so high that it went all the way up to their treehouse. The doggie's head reached into their treehouse. It was so big. And James, Jet and Jace asked the doggie how it got that big. And the doggie said it was walking around outside when a chameleon came on it. And the chameleon said, beep, beep, boop, boop. And after he said those sounds, the doggie got so big. And the doggie said he was looking for the chameleon because he wanted to get smaller again. And Jace said, we know where the chameleon is. We found it it was in the lake on a rubber ducky and now it's in our house. And the doggie said please guys, can you tell the chameleon to come outside because I need him to make me small again. And James, Jet and Jace rushed in the treehouse and they found where the chameleon was. And the way they found it is they brought the green leaf with them and saw if it changed color. And they finally saw that the chameleon was in the bathtub and it was hard to see because the chameleon was camouflaged and blending in. But Jet put the leaf, the green leaf, over the bathtub and saw that the chameleon turned green. So they got the chameleon and walked outside their treehouse right to where the doggie was. And they said, here's the chameleon. And the chameleon told the doggie that he didn't mean to make him big for so long, he just wanted to test it out for a little bit and that he'll make him small again. And the doggie said okay. And then the chameleon licked the doggie's nosy and the doggie turned regular doggie size again. Hounds are still big. And Great Danes are even bigger than hounds. Hound dogs. And this Great Dane was still a pretty big dog, but it was not as big as an elephant anymore. And James, Jet and Jace told the chameleon that he did a good job. And the chameleon asked James, Jet and Jace if he wanted to turn them into giant boys. And the kids told the chameleon that they would have to decide and ask their mom tomorrow. And they told the chameleon to hide somewhere that night. And the next day they will say if they want the chameleon to turn them into giant kids. Well, the chameleon hid that night in their house, in their treehouse. And the next morning when they woke up, they looked all over for the chameleon because they decided they wanted to be made giants. But try though they might, they couldn't find the chameleon. And they used the green leaf. And they were searching and searching and searching, but they couldn't find the chameleon. And so they couldn't become giant boys. And they kept searching. And one day, a long time later, they might have found the chameleon because they had a green leaf and they looked and something turned green. But really it wasn't the chameleon. It was just a glow worm that was hanging upside down. And glow worms can look green also. And they never did find the chameleon to make them big again until they were older. And when they were older they found it. But this wouldn't happen until much later. And in the meantime, James, Jet and Jay lived happily ever after. The end.