Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Teddy. Teddy lived right next to a great big forest. The forest wasn't very scary, but it did have very big trees. Some of the trees in the forest were as tall as skyscrapers. And in the forest, there were lots of shadows. Sometimes, if kids looked closely, they could see animals that were very hard for grownups to see. Some of the animals looked a little bit real and a little bit like stuffed toys. But kids knew that the animals in this forest were there to play. None of them were scary. And all of the animals that lived in the magic forest near Teddy's house used to make some silly noises at night. There was one animal who pretended to be an owl and would hoot, and there was another animal that pretended to be a cricket and would chirp. And then there was a froggy one that pretended to make froggy noises, and it said, ribbit, ribbit. And every night, as Teddy was going to sleep, he heard those noises.

One day, he told his dad, "Dad, I have an idea. How about we take our flashlights with us and we hold hands, and while it's nighttime, instead of going to sleep, we'll walk in the secret forest with our flashlights so we can see." And Teddy's dad said that was a good idea. So that night, after Teddy listened to a bedtime story, Teddy put on his pajamas, and he told his dad that they would need to wear boots to go through the forest. So they put on some boots, and they put on jackets, and they put new AA batteries in their flashlights, and they made sure the flashlights worked. Then they opened the front door to their house, and Teddy and his dad turned their flashlights on and looked outside. There were stars twinkling in the sky. There were some bats flying in circles overhead, and there was a gentle breeze that smelled a little bit like cookies.

Well, Teddy and his dad started marching towards the magical forest with the great big trees because Teddy wanted to show his dad that there really were secret animals in the magic forest. And kids really could see them, even if grownups couldn't. But now, maybe with a flashlight, Teddy's dad would be able to see the green, red, and yellow animals that looked a little bit like stuffed toys but were really real that lived in the forest.

As they got very close to the forest, Teddy told his dad to be quiet. Then Teddy told his dad to pretend they were ninjas. He whispered it in his dad's ear. And his dad said, "What did you say?" Teddy told his dad again, "We have to be ninjas and be very quiet as we go in the magical forest with the big trees." Just as Teddy said that to his dad, Teddy heard a ribbit noise that went, "Ribbit. Ribbit." Teddy looked around and saw an orange shadow on one of the big trees. He said, "Dad, did you see that?" Teddy's dad said, "I had my flashlight pointed a different way." So Teddy told his dad that he had to listen, and his dad said, "Okay." Teddy's dad decided to listen.

Teddy told his dad that they should point their flashlights together behind one of the biggest trees they had ever seen because that's where Teddy smelled something that smelled like chocolate. Teddy's dad said, "Okay." So they shined their flashlight there, and just as they did that, they heard an engine noise that went vroom, and behind the tree, they could see a green teddy bear. The green teddy bear was in a stroller, and the stroller had an engine attached to it and big grippy tires. The green teddy bear was driving the stroller through the forest, going over big bumps, tree roots, and little things that fell on the ground like branches and rocks.

Teddy told his dad that they should catch up to that race car racing through the forest. Teddy's dad said, "I saw it. I saw it." Teddy told his dad, "Good job listening. That's why you saw it." Teddy's dad said okay. So they started pointing their flashlight at where the teddy bear racing in the stroller with an engine was going. And just as they pointed it, they saw that there were other strollers. In some of the strollers, there were dragon stuffed toys, and in some, there were rabbit stuffed toys, and in some, there were stuffed monkeys. There were all sorts of different animals racing through the forest.

Teddy told his dad, "See? I told you it was a special forest." Teddy's dad said, "Teddy, is this what was making the noises that we heard at night in our house?" Teddy told his dad that this was what it was. So it turned out that as Teddy was falling asleep in his house those different days, what he really heard was the noises of the special secret animals in the forest having a race. Teddy told his dad that maybe his dad was the first grownup ever who was able to see one of those special kinds of animals. Teddy's dad said, "Thank you so much, Teddy, for showing me the animals." Teddy's dad asked, "Should we go home now?" Teddy said yes.

Teddy and his dad started walking all the way back home. But as they were walking through the forest around a giant tree, all of the strollers started to form a line, and they went single file after Teddy and his dad towards Teddy's house. Teddy told his dad that they had to stop and turn around and tell all of the stuffed animals that had come alive that they weren't allowed out of the Magic Forest, and they're not allowed to go in places where regular people are because if grownups didn't know about them, then they would be like, "What? Stuffed animals can go in strollers by themselves?" and it would surprise the grownups.

So Teddy made an announcement and said, "Attention, Stuffies. No stuffed animals are allowed outside of the forest. You guys can have stroller races in the forest, but always remember to strap yourselves in." The Stuffies were so happy that Teddy told them they could keep playing safely in the forest. So they all started to say, "Yippee yippee." Teddy and his dad went all the way back to their house, and Teddy and his dad lived happily ever after. The end.