Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Teddy. Teddy lived right next to a great big forest. The forest was not very scary, but it did have very big trees. Some of the trees in the forest were as big as skyscrapers. And in the forest, there were a lot of shadows. And sometimes, if kids looked closely, they could see animals that were very difficult for grownups to see. Some of the animals looked a little bit real and a little bit like stuffies. But kids knew that the animals in this forest were there to play. None of them were scary. And all of the animals that lived in the magic forest right near Teddy's house used to make some silly noises at night. There was one animal who pretended to be an owl and would say and there was another animal that pretended to be a cricket and would make a chirping noise. And then there was a froggy one that pretended to make froggy noises, and it said, ribbit, ribbit. And every night, as Teddy was going to sleep, he heard those noises.

One day, he told his dad, "Dad, I have an idea. How about we take our flashlights with us and we hold hands, and while it's nighttime, instead of going to sleep, we'll walk in the secret forest with our flashlights so we could see." And Teddy's dad said that that was a good idea. So that night, after Teddy listened to a makeup story, Teddy had his pajamas on, and he told his dad that they were going to need to use their boots to go through this forest. So they put on some boots, and they put on a jacket, and they put new AA batteries in their flashlights, and they made sure the flashlights worked. And they opened the front door to their house, and Teddy and his dad turned their flashlights on and looked outside. There were stars twinkling in the sky. There were some bats that were going in circles overhead, and there was a gentle breeze that smelled a little bit like cookies.

Well, Teddy and his dad started marching towards the magical forest with the great big trees because Teddy wanted to show his dad that there really were secret animals in the magic forest. And kids really could see them, even if grownups couldn't. But now, maybe with a flashlight, Teddy's dad would be able to see the green and red and yellow animals that looked a little bit like stuffies but were really real that lived in the forest.

Well, they were getting very close to the forest, so Teddy told his dad to be quiet. And then Teddy told his dad to pretend they were ninjas. He whispered it in his dad's ear. And his dad said, "What did you say?" And Teddy told his dad, again, "We have to be ninjas and be very quiet as we go in the magical forest with the big trees." And just as Teddy said that to his dad, Teddy heard a rivet noise that went, "Ribbon. Ribbon." And Teddy looked around, and he saw an orange shadow on one of the big trees. And he said, "Dad, did you see that?" And Teddy's dad said, "I had my flashlight pointed a different way." So Teddy told his dad that his dad had to listen, and his dad said, "Okay." And Teddy's dad decided to listen.

Well, Teddy told his dad that they should point their flashlights together behind one of the biggest trees they had ever seen, because that's where Teddy smelled something that smelled like chocolate. And Teddy's dad said, "Okay." So they shined their flashlight there, and just as they did that, they heard an engine noise that went, and behind the tree, they could see that there was a green teddy bear. And the green teddy bear was in a stroller. And the stroller had an engine attached to it, and the stroller had big grippy tires. And the green teddy bear was driving the stroller through the forest, and it was going over big bumps and tree roots and little things that fell on the ground like branches and rocks.

And Teddy told his dad that they should catch up to that race car which was racing through the forest. And Teddy's dad said, "I saw it. I saw it." And Teddy told his dad, "Good job listening. That's why you saw it." And Teddy's dad said okay. So they started pointing their flashlight at where the teddy bear that was racing in the stroller that had an engine was going. And just as they pointed it, they saw that there were other strollers. And in some of the strollers, there were dragon stuffies, and in some, there were rabbit stuffies, and some there were like, stuffed monkeys. And there were all sorts of different animals that were racing through the forest.

And Teddy told his dad, "See? I told you it was a special forest." And Teddy's dad said, "Teddy, is this what was making the noises that we heard at night in our house?" Teddy told his dad that this is what it was. So it turned out that as Teddy was falling asleep in his house those different days, what he really heard was the noises of the special secret animals in the forest having a race. And Teddy told his dad that maybe his dad was the first grown up ever who was able to see one of those special kinds of animals. And Teddy's dad said, "Thank you so much to Teddy for showing him the animals." And Teddy's dad said, "Should we go home now?" And Teddy said yes.

And Teddy and his dad started walking all the way back home. But as they were walking through the forest around a giant tree, all of the strollers started to form a line, and they went single file after Teddy and after his dad towards Teddy's house. So Teddy told his dad that they had to stop and turn around and tell all of the stuffed animals that had come alive that they weren't allowed out of the Magic Forest, and they're not allowed to go in places where regular people are, because if grownups didn't know about them, then they would be like, "What? Stuffed animals are able to go in strollers by themselves?" and it would surprise the grownups.

And so Teddy gave that announcement and said, "Attention, Stuffies. There are no stuffed animals that are allowed outside of the forest. You guys are allowed to have stroller races in the forest, but always remember to strap yourselves in." And the Stuffies were so happy that Teddy told them that they could keep playing safely in the forest. So they all started to say, "Yippee yippee." And Teddy and his dad went all the way back to their house, and Teddy and his dad lived happily ever after. The end.