Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Mia. Mia had so many pillows and blankets in her house, and one day, she decided to build the biggest blanket fort and pillow fort in the whole world. The way it worked is if somebody opened the door to Mia's room, then there was a jump rope, and the jump rope was attached to the doorknob, and it was also attached to the ceiling. So when you opened the door, the doorknob would move, and it would pull the jump rope. And down from the jump rope, a pillow would fall on your head. And after the pillow fell on your head, you would look up. And just as you looked up, there would be another pillow that came from the sides and shot out at your feet. And then people would usually start crawling into Mia's magical pillow fort.

Mia designed her pillow fort so that all of the walls were made of pillows, and the floor was also made of pillows. And there was a tunnel that you could go in in Mia's pillow fort that led to a secret imagination room. And in the imagination room, there were only two rules. Rule number one, kids are in charge. Rule number two, whatever you want to happen, happens. And so Mia one day noticed that there was a girl knocking on her door, and Mia didn't know who it was. But Mia's mom did say that there was going to be a friend visiting her. So Mia thought it would be so fun if she did her pillow and blanket fort thing with the friend. And the friend opened the door, and a pillow fell on top of her because of the jump rope. And then she started crawling through Mia's fort. And Mia said to this new friend, "What's your name?" And the new friend said that her name was Paluga. Mia had never heard of the name Paluga before. And this girl also looked a little bit different because usually people have, like, black eyes or brown eyes or green eyes or blue eyes. But this girl, Paluga, she had red eyes, and Paluga also had a blue tongue, and she seemed to have special kinds of nails because all of her nails were different colors and there was no nail polish on them.

And Paluga went into Mia's pillow fort, and Mia told Paluga that they should go to the imagination bunker together. The imagination Bunker was the part of the pillow fort where anything a kid imagined came true. Well, Mia and the girl got into the imagination Bunker. The imagination Bunker was round, and you could sit on pillows. If you looked up, there was a star full blanket. The blanket had lots of stars on it, and there were also moon designs. And there was a little switch that you could press. And if you pressed the switch, then the stars and the moon would light up inside the blanket, and they would start to move around, and songs would start to play like "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star" and lots of other strange things would happen. Sometimes Mia would hear a frog, and the frog had a different kind of ribbon. It was a kind of ribbon that went "ribbit-neigh." And one time when Mia was there with her new friend who had the different color nails and the red eyes, something special happened. They were both closing their eyes, and they decided to imagine that they were in the North Pole. And just as they imagined that, they opened their eyes, and instead of being in the pillow fort, they were in an igloo. And Mia told her new friend they should go out of the igloo. And so they climbed up some stairs and opened the ice door from the igloo. And when they opened the door, they saw that there were some big coats and boots for them. Mia was happy because she and her friend didn't have warm clothing with them. So they put on the coats and the warm boots, and just as they were ready, they looked around and they saw that there was a silver fox. And the silver fox was coming towards them from elsewhere in the North Pole. But instead of making a regular fox sound, the fox would only meow. And it seemed like it was half cat. And Mia realized that the fox was half arctic fox and half kitty cat. And that's why it looked so cute and that's also why it meowed so much. Well, when they looked around, Mia could tell they really were in the North Pole. And they could see some reindeer in the distance. And some of the reindeer were floating in the air, and others were trying to ice skate on a lot of ice. There was one with a red nose. And they couldn't see any reindeer with a red nose. But they started looking and looking, and as they were looking about, they saw something else that was red. And do you know what it was? It was a treasure map that the silver arctic fox had brought to them. And the treasure map was a red treasure map. And it just had one line, and it showed the direction was back to the Igloo. And so Mia and her friend went with the silver fox and the red treasure map through the snow all the way back to the Igloo. And when they got to the Igloo, they opened the door. When they got inside the Igloo, they saw there was a microphone and disco lights on top of the Igloo. And there was a pop star. The pop star was a famous singer who was known all over Europe and the world beyond. She was especially famous in England. And she had made a special visit through Mia's imagination fort to the North Pole. And she started to put on the best concert ever from inside Mia's Igloo. And that's what the treasure map led to because as the pop star started to sing, her voice was so nice that butterflies started to come out of her mouth. And you could kind of see what her sounds looked like. Sometimes she would sing, and the noise would sound blue. And sometimes the pop star would sing, and the noise would be the shape of a green square. And sometimes as the pop star was singing, you could kind of see that the musical notes and sounds looked like monkeys jumping up and down on big banana mountains. And Mia was so happy that she got to see the biggest pop star in the world. And the pop star told Mia that she had a lot of fun in her imagination bunker within her pillow house. But then Mia realized it was late, so she told her special friend and the pop star that they had to imagine that they went back to their pillow fort. So they closed their eyes and imagined that they went back to the imagination bunker in their pillow fort. And when they opened their eyes, they were really there. And Mia and her new special friend crawled out of the pillow fort, and they told Mia's mom and Mia's dad about this special story. And Mia and her family lived happily ever after. The end.