Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old boy named Shabi. Shabi was very good at doing a lot of things. He was a champion crawler! Whenever there was a race to see who could crawl the fastest, Shabi always won. You see, babies usually crawl, but when a big boy like Shabi crawls, they can go super fast!

One day, Shabi was at the playground with his mom, and there were some toddlers there too. One of the toddlers asked Shabi, "Do you want to have a crawling race?" Shabi said, "Okay!" They had a race, counting down, "Three, two, one, go!" But Shabi said, "No, you have to say 'ready, set, go,' and then go." So, one of the toddlers said, "Ready, set, go!" Shabi started crawling his fastest and reached the slide even before the toddler. Then, Shabi decided to show some tricks and crawled all the way up the slide by himself without slipping.

When he got to the top of the slide, there was a five-year-old boy with a skateboard. The boy asked Shabi, "Do you want to skateboard down this slide?" Shabi thought it might be dangerous, but the boy said they had a helmet and lots of blankets and pillows on the ground, so it wouldn't hurt. Shabi agreed and started going down the slide on the skateboard. But guess what? The skateboard started to fly! Shabi was flying all around the playground, and the other kids were chasing him, wanting a turn on the flying skateboard.

Shabi didn't know how to stop until a rabbit jumped out of a hole in the ground and onto the skateboard. The rabbit could talk and taught Shabi how to steer the magic skateboard. Shabi became really good at flying it and decided to fly to the top of a climbing structure in the playground. The kids climbed up, trying to catch Shabi, but he and the rabbit flew to a different part of the playground, landing on the swings.

With the magic skateboard, Shabi made the swing go higher and higher. All the kids were amazed! Then, Shabi and the rabbit flew off the swing, going straight up in the air. As they were flying near a cloud, they saw someone else flying. It was Superman! Shabi and the magic rabbit had a race with Superman, flying past mountains, rivers, and buildings. They didn't go all the way around the world, though, because Shabi didn't bring a jacket and thought it might be cold at the North or South Pole.

Shabi, the rabbit, and Superman landed back in the playground. All the kids were so happy and amazed by Shabi's adventure. Superman announced that Shabi was the fastest kid he had ever seen and brought superhero prizes for everyone in the playground. He even brought unicorn toys and Batman toys for those who wanted them.

Shabi thanked his friend for letting him borrow the magic skateboard and decided to go home. The Magic Rabbit asked if he could go home with Shabi, and Shabi agreed. So, Shabi, his mom, and the rabbit went back home, and the rabbit became their pet. They all lived happily ever after, and Shabi fed the rabbit some carrots. The end.