Is Will. I welcome to my doctor. Hello. My name is Shabby. I am five year old, and I live in Bangkok, Thailand. And I want a story about a mantic rabbit and a skateboard and a super man. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old boy who lives in Bangkok, Thailand, and whose name is Shabi. And Shabi asks for us to make up a story that includes a magic rabbit, a skateboard, and Superman. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four year old boy whose name was Shabi. And Shabi was very good at doing a lot of things. Shabby was a champion crawler. Whenever there was a race at who could crawl fastest, shabby always won because usually babies crawl. But if a big boy crawls, then they can crawl so fast. One day, Shabby was at the playground with his mom, and there were some toddlers at the playground. And one of the toddlers said to Shabby, do you want to have a crawling race? And Shabby said okay. And they had a race, and they said, three, two, one, go. And then Shabby said, no, you have to say ready, set, go, and then go. And so then one of the toddlers said, ready, set, go. And Shabby started crawling his fastest, and he crawled all the way to the slide, even before the toddler. And then Shabby decided he would show some tricks. And he crawled all the way up the slide by himself without slipping. When he got to the top of the slide in the playground, there was a boy. And the boy was a five year old boy, and the five year old had a skateboard with him. And the five year old said, shabby, do you want to skateboard down this slide? And Shabby said, skateboard down a slide. That sounds like it could be a little dangerous. And the boy said that he had a helmet to wear and that it wouldn't be dangerous because they put a lot of blankets and a lot of pillows on the ground in the playground next to the slide. So if you fell off the slide, then guess what? You would fall on blankets and pillows. And do you think it would hurt? It would not hurt. So, yeah, it just hurted just a little bit if you fell. So Shabby decided to slide down the slide using the skateboard. And he went on the skateboard, and the other kid said he could use it, and he started going down the slide. But do you know what happened? The skateboard started to fly off the slide. It was a flying skateboard. And Shabby was flying all around the playground. And the other kids were running after Shabby and saying, I want to turn, I want to turn. I want to fly on the flying skateboard. Shabby could not stop. Yeah, but Shabby didn't know how to stop until suddenly he saw a rabbit that was coming out of a little hole in the ground where there was no grass. There was grass around the hole, but not in the hole. And a rabbit came out. And do you know what rabbits are good at doing? What? Jumping. And a rabbit jumped all the way up onto the skateboard with Shabby. And the rabbit was able to talk, and he said, Shabby, I'm going to show you how you have to steer. And he showed Shabby that you had to point whichever way you wanted to go. So if you pointed straight, then the magic skateboard would go straight. And if you pointed to the right that's on one side, then it would go that way. And if you pointed to the left, it would go to the left. And if you pointed behind you, do you know what it would do? Go behind. Yes. It would go backwards. And do you know what would happen if you pointed up? It would go straight up. Yes. It would fly higher. And if you pointed down, then it would land. And so the rabbit taught Shabby how to fly the magic skateboard. And Shabby was doing a very good job flying it. He decided to fly to the top of a climbing structure that was in the playground. And the kids started climbing up the play structure, and they're all trying to get to the top to catch Chabi. And once they got really close, Jobi said, Got to go. And he and the rabbit flew the magic skateboard back to a different part of the playground. Do you know which part? Where the swings. And they landed on the swings. Did they swing to the swings? Shabby pointed forward, and then the swing started going forward, and then he pointed back, and the swing was pushing all by itself because of the magic skateboard. And the swing went back, and then Shabby said, Higher. And the swing with the magic skateboard went higher and higher. And all the kids were like, we've never seen a swing go so high. But Shabby knew how to do it because of his skateboard. And the rabbit said, okay, now we're going to fly off the swing. And all of the kids said, we're going to watch. We're going to watch. And they saw as Shabby and the rabbit flew off the swing on the magic skateboard, going straight up in the air. And even the kid that had a skateboard was trying to get it. The kid that had the skateboard, he was really Shabby's friends. And he said that Shabby could use it for a little bit, and Shabby was going to give back the skateboard to him after. But right now, Shabi was flying through the sky, getting close to a cloud with the rabbit on the skateboard. And suddenly, as Shabby was flying in the sky, right near a cloud with the rabbit on his skateboard, he saw another person flying. And the other person did not have a skateboard. The other person had a cape. And the other person looked a little bit like he had some blue cape or something like that. And do you know who he saw? It was somebody named batman. Superman. It was superman flying through the sky. And superman was trying to catch up to shabby. But shabby and his magic skateboard. With the magic rabbit on it were too fast. So they decided to have a race with superman. And shabby said, ready, set, go. And he flew with his magic skateboards. All the way through the clouds, near a mountain, past a river, all the way on the other side, the side of the school that shabby went to. And passed some big buildings. And passed some little he got all the way around the world. He decided not to go all the way around the world. Because he didn't bring a jacket. And he thought that it might be cold. If he went to the north pole or south pole. So shabby decided to land in the playground. And do you know who landed with him? The rabbit and superman. And all of the kids were so happy. And they were like, how did shabby find superman, and how can he do all of those tricks? And shabby said to all of the kids in the playground, I have an important announcement to make. The skateboard that I used was not mine. It was a friend's. But I had permission. And the rabbit taught me how to use it to go forwards and backwards and up and down and right and left. And when I was in the sky, I found superman, and I had a race, and I won. But then we had another race to get back down to the playground, and me and superman tied. That means we both won. And all of the kids clapped. Because shabby did such a good job. And he won all of them. Well, he tied one with superman. And then superman said, all the kids, I have an announcement to make. And the kid said, what is it, superman? What is it, superman? And superman said that shabby was the fastest kid that he had ever seen. And so he was going to bring superhero prizes. To everyone in the playground. And superman shot away and flew into the sky, came back speed, fast, shooting like a bullet. And he went all the way to the playground. And do you know what he was carrying? What? A bag of superhero toys. And he gave superman toys to everyone in the playground. And he also carried some unicorn toys. Because some people in the playground. Wanted unicorn toys. With some, even the batmobile they used. Yeah. And some of them were like batmobile toys and batman toys. And everyone was so happy that superman brought those toys back. So shabby said thank you to his friend. For letting him borrow the magic skateboard. And his friend said he was so happy that Shabby was so good at using it. And Shabby decided to go home that day, and he told his friend that he would just use his skateboard a different day. And the Magic Rabbit asked if he could go home with Shabby. And Shabby said okay. And Shabby and his mom went back home with the rabbit, which became their pet, and they lived happily ever after. If there was some leftover kids that were about to get, they quickly had to give it to the rabbit. Yes. And Shabby fed the rabbit some carrots. The end. You don't like doing to make up. Tally. Tell all your friends. Thank you.