Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Levi. One day, Levi opened his door and saw a mysterious package right in front of his house. The package was about the size of a shoebox and had gift wrapping with clouds and a blue sky on it. Levi told his mom about the special package and asked if it was a birthday present. Levi's mom didn't know who brought the present, but his dad noticed Levi's name on it. So, Levi took the package inside and carefully unwrapped it with scissors.

Inside the shoebox, Levi found another box with gift wrapping. He excitedly told his parents, "Mom, Dad, guess what? There's another box inside the shoebox! Can I open it?" His parents said yes. The next box had a picture of a blue genie on the wrapping. Levi used his fingernails to open this one. Inside, he found a strange ball with a zipper, about the size of a tennis ball. Levi asked his dad if he could open it, and his dad agreed.

Levi unzipped the ball and found a teeny, tiny crayon inside. Instead of a regular crayon tip, this crayon made a light when used. Levi wondered why there was such a little crayon in all these boxes. His parents thought the genie on the gift wrapping might be a clue. Levi decided to try using the crayon.

First, Levi scribbled some lines on a piece of paper. To his surprise, the same lines appeared on the ceiling of his house! His parents worried about how to erase it, but Levi used the special eraser on the other side of the crayon. When he erased the lines on the paper, they disappeared from the ceiling too.

Levi asked if he could try the crayon outside. He drew a circle on the sidewalk with the green crayon, and a green circle cloud formed in the sky above him. Then, Levi had a great idea. He asked his parents to help him draw a monster truck. Together, they drew a big monster truck named Grave Digger. When they finished, a real Grave Digger appeared in the sky, floating among the clouds!

Levi was thrilled but didn't know how to bring the monster truck down to play with it. He drew a string and a boy holding it on the sidewalk. Suddenly, a string appeared in Levi's hand, attached to the monster truck in the sky. Levi pulled the truck down, and it landed on the street with huge tires. Levi's dad lifted him up to climb into the truck.

Inside the monster truck, Levi found a birthday cake instead of a steering wheel. The cake had handles, so he tried to turn it, but his hands got dirty from the frosting. Levi went back outside, drew gloves on the sidewalk, and put them on when they appeared. With the gloves, he could turn the cake steering wheel.

Levi realized the monster truck was too big for the streets, so he asked his dad for help writing the word "small." Levi wrote "small" under the truck, and it shrank to the size of a jeep. It was still too big for a kid, so Levi added "er" to make "smaller." The truck became the size of a power wheels toy.

Levi drove his power wheels monster truck around the neighborhood, with his proud parents watching. All the kids thought it was cool and asked how they could get one. Levi told them he'd draw it for them with his magic crayon. Levi and his family lived happily ever after. The end.

Thanks for listening to Makeup Stories. Visit MakeupStories.com if you want to be on the podcast. Tell your friends!