Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Levi. One day, Levi opened up his door, and he saw that there was a mysterious package right in front of his house. The mysterious package was about the size of a shoebox, but on top of it, it had gift wrapping that showed some clouds and a blue sky. Levi told his mom that there was something special at the door, and he asked his mom if it was a birthday present or something. Levi's mom said that she didn't know who brought that special present. And Levi's dad said, "Levi, it says your name on it." So Levi took the special package that looked like a shoebox inside, and Levi got some scissors, and he took off the gift wrapping by cutting it with the scissors. 

And then Levi opened up the shoebox. Inside of the shoebox, there was another box, and the other box that was inside the shoebox also had gift wrapping. So Levi took it out, and he told his parents, "Mom, Dad, guess what? Inside of the shoebox that had gift wrapping, there's another box. Can I open it?" And Levi's parents said yes. The next box also had gift wrapping, and the gift wrapping that the next box had showed a genie on it, and the genie looked blue, and it was coming out of a special kind of teapot. Well, Levi decided he didn't even need scissors to open this one. So Levi used his fingernails to tear apart the new package. And he opened up the box, and he saw something that was kind of strange. Inside of the box, there was a ball, but the ball was a kind of ball that you could open up because it had a zipper in it. And the ball wasn't so big. It was about the size of a tennis ball. So Levi asked his dad if he could open up the tennis ball, and Levi's dad said, "Okay." 

So Levi unzipped the tennis ball, and when he opened it up, he saw that there was a teeny, tiny crayon. And the crayon didn't have a regular crayon end on it, but instead, when you used the crayon, it made a light go out. So Levi said, "Why is there such a little crayon in all of these boxes?" And Levi's parents said that they didn't know, but that the genie gift wrapping with the big blue genie might be a clue. So Levi said that he would try to use the crayon. 

The first thing that Levi did was to try to scribble with the crayon on a piece of paper. And when Levi scribbled, like, just some lines on the piece of paper, then what happened was real lines came on the ceiling of his house. And Levi said, "Look, Mom and Dad, there are lines on the ceiling, and they match the kinds of lines that I drew on this paper." And Levi's parents said, "Oh, no. How are we going to erase it from the ceiling?" And Levi decided he would use the other side of his crayon, which had a special kind of eraser, and he would erase it from the page. And when Levi erased his crayon scribbles from the page, it also got erased from the ceiling of his house. 

Well, Levi asked his parents if he could try it outside. And so Levi went outside, and he tried to use some of the crayon on the sidewalk. First, he drew a circle. When he drew a circle in the green kind of crayon color, he saw that there was a green circle cloud that formed in the sky on top of him. And that's when Levi had a really good idea. Levi asked his mom and dad if they could help him draw a monster truck picture. And Levi's parents said that they could. So Levi started to work with his parents, who were down on the sidewalk with him. And together, they started to draw a big monster truck named Grave Digger. And when they finished drawing the monster truck, they saw that there was a real Grave Digger that was in the sky right by the clouds, and it was floating by itself. And it looked like it was the same kind that Levi drew with his magic crayon. 

Levi was so happy, but he didn't know how to get the monster truck that was in the sky to come down to the ground so he could play with it. Well, Levi had an idea. He drew a string on the sidewalk, and then he drew a boy holding the string. And then suddenly, a string appeared in Levi's hand, and it was attached to the monster truck that was in the sky. Levi used his string to pull the monster truck out of the sky. When the monster truck finally got down in the street right next to him, Levi saw that it had such big tires. It was so big, he would have to go on his dad's shoulders just to climb up to get in the monster truck. So Levi's dad lifted Levi up, and Levi opened the door of the monster truck that was in the sky. And that he pulled down using the rope that he drew using his magic crayon. And Levi got inside of the monster truck, and he saw that the monster truck didn't have a steering wheel. Instead of a steering wheel, there was a big birthday cake. And the birthday cake had little handles on it. So you could turn around the birthday cake, and that's where the monster truck would go. 

Levi tried to do it, but the birthday cake had too much cream on it and too much frosting, and so it got Levi's hands all dirty. So Levi decided to draw a glove. He went back out of his monster truck. His dad helped him get down, and then he drew a picture of two gloves on the sidewalk. Suddenly, two gloves appeared, and Levi put on the gloves, and he got back in the monster truck. When Levi was back in the monster truck, he had the gloves on, and he used it to turn around the cake, which was like a steering wheel. When Levi turned around the steering wheel cake, suddenly the monster truck started to turn. And then Levi realized that the monster truck was too big to drive on the streets. So he told his dad that he needed some help writing the word small. The word small starts with the letter S, and Levi knew how to draw the letter S, so Levi wrote small. And suddenly, after he wrote that right under the monster truck, the monster truck got littler. And so it was the size of like, a jeep or a car like that. 

When the monster truck got littler, Levi went in, but he saw it was still too big for a kid. So then he added an E and an R to the word small that he drew, and that spelled smaller. And suddenly, the monster truck got smaller. The monster truck got to be about the size of kind of a power wheels. And so Levi had a power wheels monster truck. He drove it all around his neighborhood on the sidewalks with his mom and dad proudly watching behind him. And all of the kids in Levi's neighborhood thought it was so cool. And they all asked him how they could get their own power wheels monster truck. And Levi told them that he would have to draw it for them using his magic crayon. And Levi and his family lived happily ever after. The end.

Thanks for listening to Makeup Stories. Go to MakeupStories.com if you want to be on the podcast. Tell your friends.