Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Crystal. Her birthday was coming up the very next day. Excited, she decided to search the house for any hidden birthday gifts. With a flashlight in hand, Crystal went from room to room, while her mom and dad followed her. She looked under dressers and beds, but she couldn't find any presents. However, when she looked in the basement under a special stair, she discovered a tunnel made of crystals! There was a secret door that led to it in a part of Crystal's house she had never been to before. She opened the door and entered the Crystal Cave, with her parents following behind.

Inside the Crystal Cave, there were many stairs leading deep underground. The cave had rocks that looked like big pieces of salt all over them, but they weren't ordinary little pieces of salt. They were as big as a car! The cave was enormous, and it had lights on the ceiling that created beautiful rainbow colors. As Crystal explored the cave, she found lots of stuffed animals, or stuffies, that were dancing together, and they were all alive! Crystal asked her parents, "How can there be living stuffies in this Crystal Cave?" Her parents didn't know, but just then, a friendly snake slithered up and hung down from the top of the cave. The snake told Crystal and her parents that the cave had magic crystals. If you drew anything with crystals in this cave or put crystals on something, it would come to life! The snake said Crystal could make anything come alive; all she had to do was draw it and then put the crystal in the drawing.

So, Crystal found some paper and markers on a table in the middle of the cave. She started to draw a rainbow on the paper, but nothing happened because she forgot to put the crystal on the rainbow. When she rubbed the crystal on the rainbow in her drawing, a real rainbow appeared in the cave! Next, Crystal drew a kitty cat and rubbed the crystal on the drawing. A real kitty cat appeared, meowing happily. Crystal petted it and then decided to draw a princess. After drawing the princess and rubbing it with the crystal, a real princess appeared! Crystal was having so much fun and learning to draw many things.

Crystal then drew an elephant and put a crystal on it. An elephant appeared in the crystal cave! She also drew a dog, and a dog appeared. Everything Crystal drew on her paper came to life in the cave when she put a crystal on it. She thought about taking some of the animals out of the tunnel to live in her house. Crystal told her dad it would be a good idea, but when she tried to take the elephant out, it was too big to fit through the tunnel. However, it was having lots of fun in the cave.

Then, Crystal's mom had an idea. She suggested drawing the yummiest birthday cake in the world for Crystal's birthday. Crystal drew a cake with ice cream, sprinkles, chocolate chips, caramel, special candies, and even lollipops! The cake's chimney was made of Kit Kat bars and other delicious candies. When Crystal drew the cake and put the crystal on it, it appeared right in the middle of the cave.

Before they could eat the cake, all the animals saw it and started to dance! The elephant danced, the kitty jumped on the elephant's back and danced, and the snake did a silly dance on the dog's tail. All the animals Crystal created were dancing and singing "Birthday, birthday, birthday!" They were all so excited for Crystal's birthday.

Suddenly, Crystal realized the cave needed more light. She drew a candle for the cake and a moon. A real moon appeared in the cave, lighting it up with its moon rocks. The cave was as big as a mountain, but underground. The moon in the cave was smaller than the one in space, but it was big enough to light up the cave. Crystal also drew an astronaut who jumped from the bottom of the cave all the way up to the moon. All the animals, including the astronaut, sang "Happy Birthday" to Crystal. Everyone was so happy for her.

As it was getting late, Crystal said it was time for cake. She drew a caterpillar, and it came to life and started cutting the cake for everyone. The caterpillar had little knives on the bottom of its body, so as it walked across the cake, it cut it into pieces. It clapped its legs together and moved at the same time, placing a piece of cake on each plate. Crystal was so happy and had a fantastic birthday party. Crystal and her family lived happily ever after. The end.