Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Crystal. It was going to be Crystal's birthday the very next day. And so she decided to start looking around the house to see if there were any hidden birthday gifts. And so she went with a flashlight and her dad and mom followed her as Crystal looked from room to room, shining the flashlight and checking if there was a secret present under a dresser or maybe hidden under a bed. And Crystal shone her flashlight all over and she could not find any presents. But when she looked in the basement under a special stair, do you know what she found? A tunnel that was made of crystals. There was a secret door that led to it in a part of Crystal's house that she had never been to. And she opened the door and went into the Crystal Cave. And her parents followed her.

When they went inside the Crystal Cave, there were a lot of stairs to go deep, deep underground. And the Crystal Cave had rocks that looked like big pieces of salt all over them. But it wasn't regular little pieces of salt. It was like the Crystal Cave had pieces of salt that were as big as a car. And the cave was so big and it had lights on the top that made different rainbow colors. And when Crystal was exploring this cave, do you know what she found? She found a lot of stuffed animals, a lot of stuffies that were dancing together, and they were all alive. And Crystal asked her parents, "How can there be stuffies that are alive in this Crystal Cave?" And Crystal's parents told her that they weren't sure, just as they said that there was a friendly snake that slithered up and the snake hung down from the top of the cave. And he said to Crystal and Crystal's parents that this cave had magic crystals. And the way that the stuffies were dancing is if you draw anything with crystals in this cave, or if you put crystals on something, then it turns alive. And the snake told Crystal that she could make anything turn alive. All she had to do was draw it and then put the crystal in the drawing.

So Crystal got out some paper and she also got out some markers which were on a table in the middle of the cave. And she started to draw on the paper, a rainbow. And do you know it magically appeared on the cave? Nothing. Because she didn't put the crystal on the rainbow. And then she rubbed the crystal on the rainbow on her paper, and suddenly a real rainbow appeared in the cave. Then Crystal drew a kitty cat, and she rubbed the crystal on the kitty cat in the drawing. And do you know what happened? A real kitty cat appeared and started to say, "Meow." And she was petting it. And then Crystal decided to draw a princess. And Crystal drew a princess on the paper and then rubbed it with the crystal, and a real princess came, and Crystal was having so much fun, and she was learning how to draw so many things.

So Crystal decided to draw an elephant, and she put a crystal in it. And then an elephant appeared in the crystal cave. And Crystal decided to draw a dog. And a dog appeared. And everything that Crystal drew on her paper appeared in real life in the cave. All she had to do was put a crystal on it. She wanted to take one out to use it in her house. And Crystal was thinking, "Oh, maybe I could take some of these animals out of the tunnel and they can go in my house, and then they could just live there." So Crystal told her dad that that would be a good idea. And Crystal tried to go out with the elephant because usually kids can't have pet elephants. But do you know what happened? The elephant was too big and it couldn't make it all the way out of the tunnel. But it was having so much fun there.

And then Crystal's mom had an idea. Crystal's mom said, "Oh, I have an idea. How about we draw the yummiest birthday cake in the world? That would be fun because it's going to be Crystal's birthday." And so Crystal drew the yummiest birthday cake in the world, which had ice cream and sprinkles and chocolate chips and caramel and different special kinds of candies. It even had lollipops on a birthday cake. And it had very yummy things. And the chimney there was a chimney on the birthday cake was made of Kit Kat and it was made of a lot of yummy candies. Well, Crystal drew that birthday cake, and it turned real and it appeared right in the middle of the cave.

She went out and ate it, but she wasn't ready because the first thing that happened is when all the other animals saw that big, big birthday cake, they started to dance, and the elephants danced, and the kitty jumped on top of the elephant, and the kitty was dancing backwards on the elephant's back. Have you ever seen something like that? That was really silly. And the snake started to do a very silly dance. He went on the dog's tail and pretended the dog had two tails and the snake would do a two-tail dog dance. And all of the animals that Crystal created were doing a big dance and they were saying, "Birthday, birthday, birthday." And they were all so excited that Crystal was going to have a birthday.

Well, suddenly Crystal realized that there was something missing because it wasn't so light in the cave. So do you know what? Crystal drew a candle for the cake and a moon. And do you know what happened? A real moon appeared in the cave. It wasn't as big as the moon that's in space, but it was big enough to light up the cave. And it had real moon rocks and stuff. The cave was so deep, it was like as big as a mountain, but underground. The cave went all the way to the middle of the Earth. And there were so many special things in the cave. But Crystal needed to draw a moon. She drew it and the moon went in the cave. And then she drew an astronaut. And the astronaut jumped from the bottom of the cave all the way up to the moon in the astronaut suit. And soon all of the animals started to sing Happy Birthday to Crystal. And they were so happy, including the astronaut that was on the moon of the cave. And they were all so happy for Crystal. And Crystal said thank you to all the animals. And the kitty cat said, "Meow yay, meow yay." And everyone was so happy for Crystal.

But it was getting late, and so Crystal said, "Time for the cake." And do you know what she did? She created a caterpillar. She drew a caterpillar and the caterpillar cut the cake. Isn't that cool? The caterpillar became real and started cutting the cake and giving pieces to everyone. And the cake didn't get dirty from the caterpillar. And they all was like a caterpillar. The caterpillar had little knives on the bottom of his caterpillar body so that he could as he walked across the cake, it kind of cut the cake a little bit. And then the caterpillar had a special way of he clapped together his different legs and when he clapped them together and moved at the same time, it meant that a piece of the cake would move to on a plate. And so the caterpillar got cake to everyone. And Crystal was so happy, and she had such a fun birthday party. And Crystal and her family lived happily ever after. The end.