Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old girl named Elsa. Elsa lived in a very silly land where the rain that fell from the sky was blue, and there were blue clouds above, always raining blue rain onto the ground. Elsa and her parents had an umbrella house, and the roof of the umbrella house was made up of one big rainbow-colored umbrella. The ground in this silly land had big polka dots of different colors. There were green dots, blue dots, red dots, and yellow dots.

In this silly land, people could walk on spider webs, even though the spider webs were so small. They had magic shoes that helped them balance on spider webs. Elsa saw people walking from tree to tree, balancing on spider webs with their magic silver shoes. Almost everyone walked on spider webs, including Elsa. Elsa asked her mom why everyone walked on spider webs, and she couldn't. Elsa's mom said that the next day, she would get a present of the special silver shoes that helped her balance.

The next day, there was a ding-dong at Elsa's door, and Elsa opened it. She saw that the delivery man was there, and he had those special silver shoes. Elsa opened the box, and she saw the silver shoes inside. She asked her mom to help her put the shoes on. Once Elsa got the silver shoes on, she went outside and started walking and balancing on spider webs.

As she walked on the spider webs, she took a new spider web trail to a different part of silly land that others had never seen. In this other part of silly land, Elsa saw many puppets that looked like people, but they had strings attached to them. They looked like regular people, but giants had strings attached to the people's hands, elbows, and knees. The giants moved the puppet strings, and the puppet people moved wherever the giants wanted them to.

Elsa got off one of the spider webs because she saw a pretty flower. The pretty flower was sparkly and twinkly. When you got really close to it and touched it, if you touched the pretty flower with your finger, it made a sound. Elsa touched it gently with her finger. Do you know what happened to Elsa? Elsa turned into a bee. Elsa buzzed around all over silly land. She flew past the spider webs, saw the polka dots on the ground, which were different colors, and it started to rain blue rain. Elsa went back to the flower, and then, as the bee landed back in the flower, it said something, and Elsa turned back into a person.

Well, that was just in time, because it was starting to rain. She took her silver shoes and used a special spider web slide to get back to her umbrella house, where she was safe from the blue rain. It was a good thing that Elsa got home to her umbrella house in time because, just as it was raining blue rain outside, her mom said that they made a magical kind of ice cream. Elsa said, "Magic ice cream isn't real. Let's just pretend." But Elsa's mom said that she had also gone on a different spider web using her silver shoes. When she went on the different spider web, she saw an old, old king from a different kingdom. The old king gave her some magic dust to put in the ice cream.

Elsa's mom mixed up the ice cream so much, and she put some sugar in it, and she put some milk in it and cream, and she put some yummy things in it and put it in the freezer. Elsa was home, and it was ready for her. Elsa looked at the magic ice cream. She saw that there were some sprinkles in it, and she said, "Mom, can I take a bite?" Elsa's mom said yes. Elsa took a bite of the magic ice cream, and do you know what happened? Elsa turned into a snowman. Elsa turned into a snowman, and she had a snowman nose, which was made of a carrot.

Elsa was right in the middle of her kitchen with her mom under the umbrella house, and Elsa was like, "Help! Help! I'm a snowman. I can't move." Whenever she tried to talk, she had a stick for her mouth, and the stick would move. Elsa said, "Wait. I can't smell anything." Do you know why she couldn't? Because her nose was made of an orange. Elsa said, "Mom, I'm all done with the magic ice cream. I want to turn back into a person again." Elsa's mom had a very smart idea. She put some of the magic ice cream in the snowman's stick mouth, and then Elsa was able to turn back into a regular girl.

Elsa said, "Mom, that was pretty fun to be a snowman. But I didn't like that I had an orange for a nose because I wanted to have a regular carrot. Can we just use something else? Can we just make something else with the rest of the magic dust that you have from the old king from a different kingdom?" Elsa's mom said okay. Elsa went outside with her mom, and it stopped raining blue rain. They went out of their umbrella house, and when they went out, Elsa's mom gave Elsa the magic dust. Elsa said, "Okay, I know what to do with it." Elsa's mom said, "What are you going to do with the magic dust, Elsa?" Elsa said, "I have an idea." Elsa threw the magic dust up in the air. Elsa's mom said, "No! Don't throw it in the air." But Elsa's plan worked. The magic dust turned into a magic cloud.

When Elsa and her mom looked through the magic cloud, do you know what they saw? They could see straight into outer space better than even the best telescope in the world. The magic cloud made them see outer space better than the Hubble Space Telescope. When they looked into outer space, they finally figured out what stars were. People think that stars are faraway suns that are burning hot gas using nuclear fusion. But really, the things that people see as stars are the headlights of cars that are stuck in space. Elsa saw the cars that were stuck in space with their headlights on, and she saw that that was really why it looks like there are stars. Elsa's mom said that was awesome.

Elsa stopped looking through the magic cloud, and she told her mom that they were ready for pajamas and bedtime. They went back inside, and as Elsa's mom was putting her to sleep, she told her, "Some things are true in make-believe stories that aren't true in the real world." Elsa said okay. Elsa and her mom and her dad lived happily ever after. The end.