Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime. One beer. My name is Elsa. I'm five years old. I live in Staffordshire, UK. I want a story about a magic flower, magic ice cream, and a magic cloud. Peas. Tonight's makeup story request comes from a five year old girl who lives in Staffordshire, in the United Kingdom, and her name is Elsa. And Elsa asked for us to make up a story that includes a magic flower, magic ice cream, and a magic cloud. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old girl whose name was Elsa. Elsa lived in a very silly land where the rain that came down from the sky was blue, and there were blue clouds on top, and it always rained down blue rain onto the ground. And Elsa and her parents had an umbrella house, and the roof of the umbrella house was made up of one big rainbow colored umbrella. And the ground in this silly land where Elsa lived had big polka dots that were different colors. There would be green dots on the ground and blue dots and red dots and yellow dots. And in this silly land where Elsa lived, there were people who were able to walk on spider webs, even though the spider webs were so small that people had magic kinds of shoes that were able to balance on spider webs. And so Elsa saw that there were people walking from tree to tree by balancing on spider webs with their magic silver shoes. Why just not every single person would just walk in spider web, including Elsa. And Elsa asked her mom why everyone walked on spider webs, and she couldn't. And Elsa's mom said that the next day, she was going to get a present of the special silver shoes that helped you balance. The next day, there was a ding dong at Elsa's door, and Elsa opened up the door, and she saw that the delivery man was there, and the delivery man had those special silver shoes. And Elsa opened up the box, and she saw the silver shoes were inside, and she told her mom to help her get the shoes on. And once Elsa got the silver shoes on, she started to go outside and walk and balance on spider webs. As she was walking on the spider webs, she took a new spider web trail to a different part of silly land that other people had never seen. And in the other part of silly land, elsa saw that there were so many puppets, and the puppets looked like people, but they had strings attached to them, and they looked like regular people. But giants had strings attached to the people's hands and elbows and knees, and the giants would move the puppet strings, and the puppet people would move wherever the giants wanted them to. And Elsa got off one of the spider webs because she saw a pretty flower. The pretty flower was sparkly and twinkly. And the pretty flower, when you got really close to it and you touched it, if you touched the pretty flower with your finger, it made a sound like and so Elsa touched it a little bit, very gently with her finger. And do you know what happened to Elsa, bud what? Elsa turned into a b. And Elsa started buzzing around all over silly land. And she passed the spider webs while she was flying as a bee, and she saw the polka dots in the ground, which were different colors, and it started to rain. Blue rain. So Elsa went back to the flower, and then as the bee landed back in the flower, it said and Elsa turned back into a person. Well, that was just in time, because it was starting to rain. So she took her silver shoes and used a special spider web slide to get back to her umbrella house, where she was safe from the blue rain. It was a good thing that Elsa got home to her umbrella house in time, because just as it was raining blue rain outside of her umbrella house, her mom said that they made a magical kind of ice cream. And Elsa said, Magic ice cream isn't real. Let's just pretend. But Elsa's mama said that she had also gone on a different spider web using her silver shoes. And that when she went on the different spider web, she saw an old, old king from a different kingdom. And the old king from a different kingdom gave her some magic dust to put in the ice cream. And her mom, Elsa's mom, mixed up the ice cream so much, and she put some sugar in it, and she put some milk in it and cream, and she put some yummy things in it and put it in the freezer. And Elsa was home, and it was ready for Elsa. Elsa looked at the magic ice cream. She saw that there were some sprinkles in it, and she said, mom, can I take a bite? And Elsa's mom said yes. And Elsa took a bite of the magic ice cream. And do you know what happened? Bud what? She turned into a snowman. Elsa turned into a snowman. And she had a snowman nose, which was made of a carrot. Anybody come to eat her? And she was right in middle of her kitchen with her mom under the umbrella house, and Elsa was like, Help. Help. I'm a snowman. I can't move. And whenever she tried to talk, she had a stick for her mouth, and the stick would move. And then Elsa said, Wait. I can't smell anything. And do you know why she couldn't? Why? Because her nose was made of an orange. No. Isn't it supposed to be a carrot? Yeah, but she had a silly, silly nose. Somebody was supposed to put a carrot there, but they put an orange on it. And so Elsa said, Mom, I'm all done with the magic ice cream. I want to turn back into a person again. And said, you know what? Elsa's mom did it was a very smart idea. Elsa's mom put some of the magic ice cream in the snowman stick mouth. And then Elsa was able to turn back into a regular girl. And Elsa said, mom, that was pretty fun to be a snowman. But I didn't like that. I had an orange for a nose because I wanted to have a regular carrot. And so could we just use something else? Could we just make something else with the rest of the magic dust that you have from the old king from a different kingdom? And Elsa's mom said okay. And Elsa went outside with her mom, and it stopped raining blue rain. So they went out of their umbrella house, and when they went out of their umbrella house, elsa's mom gave Elsa the magic dust. And Elsa said, okay, I know what to do with it. And Elsa's mom said, what are you going to do with the magic dust, Elsa? And Elsa said, I have an idea. And Elsa threw the magic dust up in the air. And Elsa's mom said no. Don't throw it in the air. But Elsa's plan worked. The magic dust turned into a magic cloud. And when Elsa and her mom looked through the magic cloud, do you know what they saw? What? They could see straight into outer space better than even the best telescope in the world. And they were hubble. Yes. The magic cloud made them see to outer space better than the Hubble Space Telescope. And when they looked to outer space, they finally figured out what stars were. People think that stars are faraway suns that are burning hot gas using nuclear fusion. But really, the things that people see as stars are the headlights of cars that are stuck in space. And Elsa saw the cars that were stuck in space with their headlights on, and she saw that that was really why it looks like they're stars. And Elsa's mom said awesome. Was it a headlight? Our son also was the headlight from it was a very strong headlight from an old and olden days car that got stuck in space. And, Elsa, since it was live when the dinosaurs were life, what invented these? Well, it's the dinosaurs that used to drive these huge cars. They were space cars. The dinosaurs needed them to be so big. That's why they had such strong headlights, and that's why we could see them from Earth, and they look like stars. So Elsa stopped looking through the magic cloud, and she told her mom that they were ready for pajamas and nighttime, and they went back inside. And as Elsa's mom was putting her to sleep, elsa's mom told her, some things are true and makeup stories that aren't true in the real world. And Elsa said okay. And Elsa and her mom and her dad lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to listen to makeup. It because they like it.