Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Willow. Willow lived with her friend Phoebe, her mama, and dada in a hut made of clay in the forest. Their hut had a roof made of straw and grass, and when it rained, some water would leak inside. They also had two kitty cats, Rosie and King Lovey Paws, who loved to hunt for mice around the hut, but they never found any.

One day, Willow and Phoebe decided to explore outside the hut to see if they could find any horses. They took a picnic basket, and their mom filled it with yummy snacks. Willow and Phoebe held hands as they walked along a trail in the woods. Rosie and King Lovey Paws followed them, and their parents watched from a distance to make sure they were safe.

As Willow and Phoebe walked through the forest, they suddenly heard a distant sound that went, "Nay nay." Phoebe told Willow she thought it might be a horsey. But they had never seen a horsey in this forest before because they thought only deer, rabbits, and little animals lived there.

Willow and Phoebe told their mom they wanted to go closer. Just as they said that, Rosie and King Lovey Paws crawled between their legs and sneaked towards the neighing sound. Willow and Phoebe decided to follow, and their mom and dad followed too. They all carried the picnic basket with their snacks and left a trail of snacks behind them to remember their way back.

Soon, they reached a clearing with a big lake in the middle filled with blue water. Next to the lake was a huge waterfall with clear blue water flowing down into the lake. There was also a bubble bath machine pouring bubbles into the lake at the bottom of the waterfall. Some bubbles were bigger than a monster truck, and some were so big that a whole train car could fit inside!

Phoebe and Willow were amazed by the giant bubbles on the lake. Just then, they spotted a bubble as big as a house floating in the air. They also saw horses, which was where the neighing came from. The horses were in bubbles at the bottom of the waterfall by the clear blue lake. The horses were made of white juice that had lots of water. The lake was actually made of applesauce, but it looked blue and tasted like yogurt when you ate it.

Willow and Phoebe watched the horses come out of the bubbles, and they looked so special. Some had diamonds on them, some had really long hair, some had fluffy feet, and some were big and strong, while others were little and fast. All the horses were neighing and dancing in a circle around the blue lake filled with bubbles.

As Willow and Phoebe arrived, their kitty cats went towards the horses through the bubbles. The horses made space, so they weren't in a circle around the lake anymore. And then, guess what came out of the lake? A mermaid! A mermaid emerged from the clear blue lake, doing all sorts of amazing tricks, like diving backward. The mermaid could swim super fast and used a fork to comb her hair.

And they all lived happily ever after. The end.