Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Willow. Willow lived with her friend Phoebe and with her mama and dada in a hut that was made out of clay and that was in the forest. The roof of their hut was made out of straw and grass, and whenever it rained, some of the rain would get through and leak into their hut. They also had a kitty cat named Rosie and a kitty cat named King Lovey Paws. Rosie and King Lovey Paws used to go around the hut and hunt for mice, but they never found any.

One day, Willow and Phoebe had an idea to go explore outside of the hut to see if there were any horses. They grabbed a picnic basket, and their mom put snacks in the picnic basket. Willow and Phoebe held hands as they went through a trail in the woods. Rosie and King Lovey Paws followed them, and their parents were watching in the background, so they didn't go all by themselves.

Willow and Phoebe were walking through the forest when suddenly they started to hear a sound that was far away that said, "Nay nay." Phoebe told Willow that she thought it was probably a horsey. But they had never seen a horsey in this forest before because, in this forest, they thought that there were only deer and rabbits and little animals.

Willow and Phoebe told their mom that they wanted to go closer. Just as they said that, both of the kitty cats, Rosie and King Lovey Paws, went crawling between their legs and sneaked up to where they heard the neighing from. Suddenly, Phoebe and Willow decided to follow, and their mom and dad followed them too. They all went, holding a picnic basket with their snacks, and they decided to leave a little trail of their snacks so they remembered where they went in the forest.

Soon enough, they came to an opening. The opening had a big lake in the middle with blue water. And in the lake, or right next to the lake, there was a big waterfall. The waterfall was making blue clear water go down to the bottom of the lake. There was also a bubble bath machine that would pour bubbles into the lake right at the bottom of the waterfall. Some of the bubbles that came out of this lake were bigger than a monster truck, and some of them were bubbles that a whole train car could fit in.

Phoebe and Willow were amazed by the big bubbles on the lake. Just as they said that, they spotted one bubble that was still in the air that was as big as a whole entire house. They also saw horses, and that's where the neighing was coming from. The horses were in bubbles right at the bottom of this waterfall by the clear blue lake. The horses were made out of white juice that got so much water. The lake was really made out of applesauce, and it was kind of thick, but it didn't look like applesauce because it looked blue, so it was like a blue kind of applesauce. When you ate it up, it tasted like yogurt.

Willow and Phoebe saw the horses coming out in the bubbles, and the horses looked so special. Some of them had diamonds on them, and some of them had really long hair, and some of them had fluffy feet, and some of them were big and strong, and some of them were little and fast. All of the horses were neighing and dancing around in a horsey circle, and the circle was going around the blue lake with all the bubbles.

Just as Willow and Phoebe arrived, their kitty cats went towards the horses through the bubbles. The horses made a little space, so they weren't in a circle around the lake anymore. And then, do you know what came out of the lake? A mermaid! A mermaid came out of that clear blue lake, and the mermaid was doing all sorts of aquatic tricks, like diving backward. The mermaid also was able to swim so fast and used a fork to comb her hair.

And they all lived happily ever after. The end.