Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a big girl named Willow who lives in Sydney, Australia. And Willow asked for us to make up a story that includes a kitten named Rosie, a horsey, a mermaid, and two girls named Willow and Phoebe. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Willow. Willow lived with her friend Phoebe and with her mama and dada in a hut that was made out of clay and that was in the forest. The roof of their hut was made out of straw and grass, and whenever it rained, some of the rain would get through and leak into their hut. They also had a kitty cat named Rosie and a kitty cat named Rosie. Okay, we're also going to add a kitty cat named King Lovie Paws. They had two kitty cats, one named Rosie and one named King Lovey Paws. And kitty cat, Rosie, and kitty cat, King Lovey Paws used to go around the hut and hunt for mice, and they never found any. But Willow and Phoebe once had an idea. Their idea was to go explore outside of the hut to see if there were any horses. And so they grabbed a picnic basket, and their mom put snacks in the picnic basket, and Willow and Phoebe held hands as they went through a trail in the woods. A kitty cat named Rosie and another kitty cat named King Lovey Paws followed them, and their parents were watching in the background, so they didn't go all by themselves. Well, Willow and Phoebe were walking through the forest when suddenly they started to hear a sound that was far away that said, Nay nay. And Phoebe told Willow that she thought it was probably a horsey. But they had never seen a horsey in this forest before, because in this forest they thought that there were only deer and rabbits and little animals that won't have an A we're going to have to see. They didn't see it yet. And Willow and Phoebe told their mom that they wanted to go close. And just as they said that, both of the kitty cats, rosie and kitty cat King Loveypaws, went crawling between their legs, and it went sneaking up to where it heard the name from. Suddenly, Phoebe and Willow decided to follow, and their mom followed them and their dad, and they all went. And they were holding a picnic basket with their snacks, and they decided to leave a little trail of their snacks. So they remembered where they went in the forest. Soon enough, they came to the opening. The opening had a big lake in the middle with blue water. And in the lake, or right next to the lake, there was a big waterfall. And the waterfall was making blue clear water go down to the bottom of the lake. And there was also a bubble bath machine that would pour bubbles into the lake right at the bottom of the waterfall. And some of the bubbles that came out of this lake were bigger than a monster truck. Some of them were bubbles that a whole train car could fit in. And so Phoebe and Willow were saying, wow, we can't believe there's such big bubbles on the lake. And just as they said that a whole entire house, they spotted one bubble that was still in the air that was as big as a whole entire house. But just as they said that, they saw horses, and that's where the Naying was coming from. And the horses were in bubbles right at the bottom of this waterfall by the clear blue lake. And all of the horses made out of white juice that got so much water. The lake was really made out of applesauce, and it was kind of thick, but it didn't look like applesauce because it looked blue, so it was like a blue kind of applesauce. So can you eat it up? Yes, you could. And instead of tasting like applesauce when you ate it up, it tasted like yogurt. Anyway, Willow and Phoebe saw the horses coming out in the bubbles, and the horses looked so special. Some of them had diamonds on them, and some of them had really long hair, and some of them had fluffy feet, and some of them were big and strong, and some of them were little and fast. And all of the horses were Naying. And they were dancing around in a horsey circle, and the circle was going around the blue lake with all the bubbles. And just as Willow and Phoebe arrived, their kitty cats went towards the horses through the bubbles. And the horse not knowing that a horsey could be in a bubble, and the kitty cats went towards the horses. Did they get in a bubble? No. And the horses, because kitty cats would pounce on the bubbles and pop them, and the horses made a little space, so they weren't in a circle around the lake anymore. And then do you know what came out of the lake? What? A mermaid. A mermaid came out of that clear blue lake, and the mermaid was doing all sorts of aquatic tricks. That means all sorts of water tricks, like she was diving backwards. And the mermaid also was able to swim so fast, and it used a fork to comb his hair, and sorry, I just had my mouth covered. It used fork to cover his hair, and they all lived happily ever after. Okay, that's the end of the story. If you liked the story, tell your friends about Makeup Stories and write us a five star review. You can also connect with us on Facebook at makeup stories.