Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Penelope. One day, Penelope was playing outside in her backyard when a boy named Jonah came up to her. Jonah asked Penelope, "Do you want to find ladybugs with me?" Penelope agreed, and they started looking for ladybugs in her backyard.

Soon enough, Jonah showed Penelope a tiny ladybug hiding under a leaf near a tree. It was the smallest ladybug Penelope had ever seen. Jonah told Penelope that this was the tiniest ladybug in the whole world. Just then, the ladybug flew and landed on Penelope's hand.

The little ladybug didn't mind being small. As Penelope held it, she noticed that the ladybug was rainbow-colored. The rainbow ladybug said, "I am a magic ladybug. Do you know what happens to me when it rains?" Penelope and Jonah asked what happened, but the ladybug said it was a secret. After some pleading, the ladybug agreed to reveal its secret if they went inside and put it under the sink's water.

Penelope and Jonah went into her house, and Penelope put her hand under the sink with the rainbow ladybug on top. As the water touched the ladybug, it grew bigger and bigger until it was as big as a person. Now that the ladybug was so large, it needed special ladybug shoes. Penelope asked her mom for help, and her mom suggested renting a moving truck to take the ladybug to a shoe store.

Penelope, Jonah, and the rainbow ladybug went to a shoe store in a different part of Wisconsin. Inside the store, there was a pegasus wearing snow boots. The pegasus asked if they needed shoes, but they explained that the shoes were for the ladybug. The rainbow ladybug asked for magical shoes that could change depending on the weather and activity. The pegasus went to the back of the store and brought out a special shoebox labeled "treasure shoes."

The pegasus asked Penelope and Jonah if they were sure about giving the rainbow ladybug these special shoes. They decided to let the ladybug try them out temporarily. As the pegasus got out the treasure shoes, a magical kitty cat with an elephant trunk appeared from the cash register. The kitty cat wanted the shoes too, but the pegasus promised it could have different treasure shoes later.

The rainbow ladybug tried on the treasure shoes, which transformed into snow boots, rain boots, light-up shoes, squeaky shoes, rocket booster shoes, rollerblades, princess shoes, ballerina shoes, grippy shoes, and fast shoes. The rainbow ladybug was delighted with its new footwear.

As it was getting late, Penelope, Jonah, and the ladybug left the shoe store. Penelope's mom drove them back home in the moving truck, and they told the ladybug it could live in Penelope's basement. Jonah said goodbye and went home, and Penelope and her family lived happily ever after. The end.