Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Penelope. Penelope was playing outside in her backyard one day when a boy named Jonah came up to her. Jonah said to Penelope, "Penelope, do you want to find ladybugs with me?" Penelope agreed, and they started looking for ladybugs in her backyard. 

Soon enough, Jonah showed Penelope that under a leaf right next to a branch by a tree, there was a ladybug. It was the tiniest ladybug that Penelope had ever seen. The ladybug was so small, it was as small as one tiny piece of sand. Jonah told Penelope that this was the smallest ladybug in the whole world. Just as he said that, the ladybug flew and landed on Penelope's hand.

The ladybug didn't feel bad about being small. Once it was on Penelope's hand, she picked it up to get a closer look. To her surprise, the ladybug was rainbow-colored. The rainbow-colored ladybug said to Penelope, "I am a magic ladybug. Do you know what happens to me when it rains?" Penelope and Jonah asked what happened, but the ladybug said it was a secret. After some pleading, the ladybug agreed to reveal its secret if they went inside and put it under the sink's water.

Penelope and Jonah went into her house, and Penelope put her hand under the sink with the rainbow-colored ladybug on top. As the water touched the ladybug, it grew bigger and bigger until it was as big as a person. Now that the ladybug was so large, it needed special ladybug shoes. Penelope asked her mom for help, and her mom suggested renting a moving truck to take the ladybug to a shoe store.

Penelope, Jonah, and the rainbow-colored ladybug went to a shoe store in a different part of Wisconsin. Inside the store, there was a pegasus wearing snow boots. The pegasus asked if they needed shoes, but they explained that the shoes were for the ladybug. The rainbow-colored ladybug requested magical shoes that could change depending on the weather and activity. The pegasus went to the back of the store and brought out a special shoebox labeled "treasure shoes."

The pegasus asked Penelope and Jonah if they were sure about giving the rainbow-colored ladybug these special shoes. They decided to let the ladybug try them out temporarily. As the pegasus got out the treasure shoes, a magical kitty cat with an elephant trunk emerged from the cash register. The kitty cat wanted the shoes too, but the pegasus promised it could have different treasure shoes later.

The rainbow ladybug tried on the treasure shoes, which transformed into snow boots, rain boots, light-up shoes, squeaky shoes, rocket booster shoes, rollerblades, princess shoes, ballerina shoes, grippy shoes, and fast shoes. The rainbow ladybug was delighted with its new footwear.

As it was getting late, Penelope, Jonah, and the ladybug left the shoe store. Penelope's mom drove them back home in the moving truck, and they told the ladybug it could live in Penelope's basement. Jonah said goodbye and went home, and Penelope and her family lived happily ever after. The end.