You welcome to make Top Stories. This is Rory from Scotland. Hello, my name is Penelope, and I'm six years old, and I live in some Prairie, Wisconsin. And I would like a story that includes a pegasus, a magic kitten, and a rainbow ladybug. Thank you. It tonight's makeup story is a request from a six year old girl who lives in sudden Prairie, Wisconsin and recently had a birthday on November 3 and whose name is Penelope. Penelope asked for us to make up a story that includes a pegasus and a pegasus is a unicorn with wings, and she also asked for us to include a magic kitty cat and a rainbow ladybug. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Penelope. Penelope. And as Penelope was playing outside in her backyard, one day, a different boy named Jonah came up to her. Jonah, he's a boy in the story. And Jonah said to Penelope, penelope, do you want to find ladybugs with me? And Penelope said okay. And Jonah and Penelope started looking in Penelope's backyards for ladybugs. Soon enough, Jonah showed Penelope that under a leaf right next to a branch by a tree, there was a ladybug. It was the teensiest, tinciest, eniest weeniest ladybug that Penelope had ever seen. The ladybug was so small, it was as small as, like, one teensy tincy piece of sand. And Jonah told Penelope that this was the smallest ladybug in the whole world. Just as he said that, the ladybug flew, and it went right onto Penelope's hand. But that's not nice to say he's small. Well, this ladybug didn't feel bad about being small. And do you know why? Because once the ladybug got on Penelope's hands, penelope picked the ladybug up so Penelope could see the ladybug. And do you know what colors she saw? The ladybug was what? Rainbow colored. It was a rainbow colored ladybug. And the rainbow colored ladybug said to Penelope, penelope, I am a magic ladybug. Do you know what happens to me when it rains? And Penelope. And Jonah said, what happens when it rains? And the rainbow ladybug says, it's a secret. I can't tell you. And Penelope and Jonah said, please, please tell us. And the ladybug said, okay, let's go inside the house and turn the sink on and put your hand under the sink and get me a little bit wet. And Penelope said, are you sure? I don't want it to wash you away. And the rainbow colored ladybug said, yeah, I'm sure. The water won't hurt me. And so Penelope and Jonah went into Penelope's house, and Penelope put her hand under the sink, and the rainbow colored ladybug was on top of her hand. And do you know what happened to the ladybug in the water? What? It got bigger and bigger and bigger, and the ladybug turned into a ladybug that was so big, it was as big as a person. Now, ladybugs that are as big as people. They want things that people want. And so the ladybug told Penelope and Jonah that it needed special ladybug shoes. And Jonah and Penelope said, well, where can we get you shoes? And Penelope asked her mom, and her mom said that they were going to have to rent a moving truck and that the ladybug was going to have to go in the back of the moving truck because there's no car seats that are big enough for such big ladybugs. And Penelope and Jonah went in the moving truck with the rainbow colored ladybug until they got to a shoe store. The shoe store was in a different part of Wisconsin that Penelope and Jonah had never been to yet. And inside the shoe store, there was a pegasus. A pegasus is a unicorn with wings. And the pegasus had some nice snow boots on. And the pegasus said to Jonah and Penelope, do you guys need any shoes for yourselves? And Jonah said, no, not for me. And Penelope said, no, not for me. And then, do you know who came out of the moving truck, bud? The ladybug. Yes, the rainbow colored ladybug came out of the moving truck and he went right into the shoe store that the pegasus ran. And the rainbow colored ladybug said, I need shoes. And the pegasus said to the rainbow colored ladybug, what kind of shoes do you want? And the rainbow colored ladybug said that she wants special ladybug shoes that are magic. And when it's rainy, the shoes turn into rainboots. And if it's snowy, the rainbow ladybug said if it's snowy, then she wanted the shoes to turn into snow boots. And if she wanted to go for a run, she wanted the shoes to turn into running shoes. And she wanted the shoes to have lights in them so that whenever you stepped on the ladybug shoes that were magical, a different color light came on. And the ladybug also said to the pegasus that she wanted the shoes to squeak when you walked on them. And she also wanted rocket boosters on the shoes so that if she ever wanted to go super fast, not just ladybug fast, that the shoes could do that. And she said, oh, and don't forget, Mr. Pegasus, I also want the shoes to have roller blades on them, so if I ever want a roller blade, I can do that. And then the pegasus said, is that it? Is that it? And the rainbow colored ladybug said, no, I also want them to be very grippy shoes. And I also want them to be like princess ballerina shoes when I want sometimes. And I also want the shoes to make me fly. And the pegasus said, well, rainbow ladybug, first I'm going to have to check if we have any kinds of shoes that are your size. And the pegasus went to the back of the shoe store and in the back of the shoe store, there was a special, special shoebox. The special shoebox had gift wrapping on it, and it had a word on top of it that said treasure shoes. And the pegasus got the treasure shoes and went out to Penelope and Jonah, and the pegasus said to Penelope and Jonah, guys, are you sure that you want to give the rainbow colored ladybug these special treasure shoes? And Jonah said to Penelope, well, I don't know what's going to happen if we give it to the rainbow colored ladybug. And Penelope said, maybe we could give it to the rainbow colored ladybug for a little bit and just test it out. And Jonah said, that's a good idea. So they told the pegasus it should get out the treasure shoes and give it to the rainbow colored ladybug. Just as the pegasus got out the treasure shoes, which were in the box with gift wrapping. Do you know what happened? What a magical kitty cat came out from? Was it kitty cat instead of shoes? No, a magical kitty cat came out of the cash register where they kept the money in the store. It was hiding. It was a little kitty cat, and it came out of that jar where the money is. And the kitty cat said, I want the shoes, I want the shoes. Because this magical kitty cat was able to talk. And Jonah and Penelope were very surprised when they saw this kitty cat, because do you know what was different about this kitty cat? What? It wasn't a regular, soft, furry kitty cat that looked like a kitty cat, because this kitty cat had a different nose. The kitty cat had a long blue elephant nose, a trunk. Have you ever seen a kitty cat with an elephant's trunk? No. I haven't either, but in this magical shoe store, that's what was there. And first the kitty cat said, no, I want the treasure shoes. But the pegasus said, magical kitty cat, you can have different treasure shoes at different time. And so the rainbow ladybug got to open up her treasure shoes and she put them on and they turned into snow boots and rainboots and light up shoes and squeaky shoes and rocket booster shoes, and they were able to let the ladybug rollerblade. And they were also good if she wanted princess shoes or ballerina shoes or if she needed such grippy shoes or such fast shoes. And the rainbow ladybug was so happy. Well, Penelope said it was starting to get late. So Penelope and Jonah left the shoe store with Penelope's mom, and they took the moving truck back to Penelope's house and told that ladybug that it could live inside Penelope's house in the basement. And the rainbow colored ladybug said okay. And Jonah said he had to go home and said bye bye to Penelope. And Penelope and her family lived happily ever after. The end. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stops.