Once upon a time, there was a big boy whose name was Alex, and Alex was turning six years old. Alex was a prince, and he lived in a castle. His father was the king of the whole kingdom. The kingdom that his father ruled had a jungle in it, and it was near a sea, and Alex had only been in the jungle, and he wasn't allowed to go out of the castle. Alex always asked his dad, "Dad, when I turn six, can you let me go out of the castle to explore the jungle and to see the sea?" And his dad, whose name was King Henry the 95th, said, "Well, Alex, you can do it when you're six years old." So Alex was very excited.

For his 6th birthday, he had a kitty cat at his house, and he liked various kinds of cats, big and small. His dad decided that for his birthday, they would invite all of the families at Alex's school. Alex had 21 other kids in his school for 22 families total. That's as much as my whole entire school. 22. That's how much.

His dad told Alex that for his birthday, he was going to invite all 22 families from his school, and they were going to go to a soccer field, and they were going to watch a soccer game that they had never seen before. And Alex was very excited for this soccer game. He thought that some professional athletes, those were people who played soccer so many times in front of crowds, would come to their soccer game and kick the soccer ball so far and so fast, and they would be so good at running side to side and dribbling the ball. That means, like, getting it back and forth and bouncing it all the way to the goal.

Well, Alex went to sleep the night before his birthday, and his dad tucked him in so snugly just like a burrito. And the next day, he woke up very early, and he went to his dad and his mom's room, and he said, "Dad." And his dad said, "Alex, you're supposed to call me King Henry the 95th." Well, he said, "Dad, King Henry the 95th, it's my birthday today." And the king, King Henry the 95th, and his mom, Queen Isabella I, jumped out of bed and picked him up and said, "Yay, it's your birthday. Let's get ready to have some fun."

They picked him up, and he had a Power Wheels that he used to drive through the castle. The Power Wheels was a race car. He raced through the castle all the way outside. Outside, they had a big, big field of grass where they were going to have the birthday ceremonies. He drove the Power Wheels out, and he saw there were 22 families waiting for him, all with kids from his school. They were waiting in the bleachers, which is a place where you sit next to a stadium that has a lot of chairs or benches. And once Alex came out on his Power Wheels, everyone started singing "Happy Birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday, dear Alex, happy birthday to you." And then everyone started to clap, and Alex said, "Where's my cake?" And a helicopter came in the sky, and the helicopter had a rope attached to it, and the rope let down a big, big yummy cake. And everyone started to eat the cake, and Alex got the first piece. The cake was made of ice cream, and all the kids thought it was yummy. It was such a big cake because it had to be enough for 22 different kids.

Because it was Alex's birthday, he got to sit in a big birthday seat right next to the bleachers. And then his dad said, "Attention, everyone. Today is a special day, for today is the day that marks the 6th birthday of my son, Prince Alex. In honor of this momentous occasion, we are going to have a unique soccer game where on one side, a feline named Tiggy Tiger will compete against on the other side, another feline named Felix the Tiger. And both of these felines will engage in the sport of soccer and try to kick balls to the opposing felines' goal. And whichever tiger wins is going to be the winner." And Alex said, "What does that even mean?" And his mom, Queen Isabella I, said, "That means there's going to be two tigers coming on the field, and they're going to play soccer." And Alex said, "Yay."

They put a fence around the field, and then they let two Tigers out of their cages and gave the Tigers a ball. And they said, "Ready, set, go." And the Tigers started dribbling the ball and trying to run so fast with the ball to the other side to get goals. Well, first, Tiggy Tiger was so fast, he kicked the ball with his front paw and then ran. And with his rear foot, he kicked it to the side and then jumped up and down with the ball, put it in his mouth, and threw it with his mouth all the way to Felix the Tiger's goal. But then Felix the Tiger got the ball, and Felix the Tiger bumped up the ball in his head, made it bounce in the air, and then jumped up and kicked it with his front paw all the way into Tiggy Tiger's goal. It was a very exciting match with lots of back and forth action until finally one of the Tigers, and this was Tiggy Tiger, made the ball crushed with his teeth. He crushed the ball, and everyone said that wasn't fair. So the game was over, and everyone said that Felix the Tiger won. Alex had so much fun watching the game, and all the kids got cotton candy and popcorn.

After the game was over, Alex's dad, King Henry the 95th, told Alex that it was time for him and all of his friends to explore outside of the castle because he had never been outside of the castle to explore the jungle or sea before. And Alex's dad, King Henry the 95th, said that they're going to take boat rides, and some people are going to ride a sailboat. That's where all of the 21 different families from his school will be in a big, big sailboat in the ocean. And there will be the king and queen. King Henry the 95th and Queen Isabella the first, will take a special motorboat. And Alex, Prince Alex, will get to go all by himself in a little little special kind of boat. Do you know what kind of boat that was? Paddleboat. Paddleboat. Yes, it was a paddleboat.

Well, they all went on the ocean, and all of the friends went on this big sailboat, and there was a breeze that helped the sailboat go. And they were having fun and having a party, and they started to sing and dance in the sailboat. And Alex joined them and looked aside from his paddle boat, and everyone was having so much fun, when suddenly there was an emergency. The breeze went away and the sailboat couldn't move by itself. So King Henry the 95th said, "Uh-oh, how is the sailboat going to get back to shore?" And all of the families that were on the sailboat said, "We don't know." But Prince Alex, who is now six years old, said, "I have an idea. Let's attach a rope from the sailboat to the motorboat. And then the motorboat could tug it in." And everyone said, "That's a good idea." So Queen Isabella I took a rope and tied it from the motorboat to the sailboat. And she tried to tug it in. But do you know what happened? The motor wasn't strong enough.

So then Prince Alex said he had an idea, which was to attach another rope from his pedal boat all the way to the motorboat. And then there would be two boats towing the sailboat. So he attached it. And then everyone said, "Three, two, one, go." And Prince Alex started pedaling his pedal boat. And he did that just as his dad and mom, King Henry the 95th, and Queen Isabella I, turned the motor on, and together with all their might, they were able to tow back to shore. And when they got to the dock, everyone on the sailboat was able to get off. And they all said, "Hip, hip hooray. Alex saved the day." And everyone was so proud of Alex because in addition to being a birthday boy, he was also the person who saved the day. Everyone said, "Thank you so much. Happy birthday," and gave him special presents. And Prince Alex and the rest of his family and all of his friends lived happily ever after. The end.