Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Blythe. One day, Blythe was walking down the street when she spotted two little puppies hiding in a bush. One puppy was named Jesse, and the other was named Leela. They were such tiny puppies and looked all alone. So Blythe asked her mom, "Can we take those doggies home?" Her mom agreed, and they brought the little puppies home since they didn't belong to anyone.

When they got home, Blythe noticed something special about the puppies. Jesse had rainbow-colored paws, and Leela had a chocolate nose! That was funny because usually, dogs don't have rainbow-colored paws or chocolate noses. Leela, with her chocolate nose, was great at smelling candy. Blythe followed the puppies around the house when Leela started sniffing out the window. Blythe asked her mom if they could take the dogs for a walk and follow where they were smelling. Her mom said, "Okay," and they took the dogs for a walk outside.

As they walked, Jesse left rainbow-colored footprints everywhere he went. Leela kept sniffing, and they followed her until they reached a candy factory. There was a sign on the door that said, "Magic, magic. Do not open unless you are very special." Blythe asked her mom, "Am I very special?" Her mom replied, "Yes, you are very special." So Blythe knocked on the door, and both puppies started barking. Blythe opened the door, and they saw a rainbow inside the candy factory, even though there was no rain. There was also a waterfall with a secret door behind it.

They walked through the candy factory, passing lollipops, chocolate, ice cream, muffins, birthday cakes, and many other yummy treats until they reached the waterfall. Behind it, the secret door said, "Magic portal." Leela, with her chocolate nose, sensed something special behind the door. Blythe opened it, and they were transported to a magical zoo. In this zoo, zebras had red, yellow, and green hair instead of black and white. There were also giraffes with two necks and two heads!

In the magical zoo, there were dogs with lollipop paws. Leela told Blythe, "This is where I come from. I lived in this magic portal behind the candy factory." Blythe saw another door on the ceiling, which was unusual. She opened it by pulling a secret rope, and a ladder came out. They climbed up and found an ice-skating rink made of ice cream! Jesse said, "This is where I come from, and that's why my paws are rainbow-colored."

Blythe was so happy and started eating the rainbow-colored ice cream. As they skated around, they found another door hidden under some stairs. Blythe asked her mom if she could open it, and her mom said yes. Inside, they found magic dust that looked like colorful sand. If you shaped the sand into something, it would become real! Blythe was so happy to find all these magical places.

After playing a lot, Blythe's mom said it was time to go home and sleep. Blythe asked if the puppies could stay, and her mom agreed. That night, Leela and Jesse slept under Blythe's bed. Blythe and the puppies named Leela and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.