Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Blythe. Blythe was walking down the street when she saw, out of the corner of her eye, two little puppies hiding in a bush. One puppy was named Jesse, and the other puppy was named Leela. Lila and Jesse were such little puppies, and they looked all alone. So Blythe, the girl, asked her mom, "Can we go take those doggies home?" And her mama said okay. They brought the little puppies home because they didn't belong to anyone.

When they got to their house, Blythe noticed something special about the doggies. One of the doggies, the one named Jesse, had rainbow-colored paws, and the other doggie, the one named Leela, had a nose made out of chocolate. That was silly because usually, dogs don't have rainbow-colored paws, and usually, dogs don't have noses made out of chocolate. The doggie named Leela, who had a nose made out of chocolate, was so good at smelling candy. Blythe followed the two doggies around her house when the doggie named Leela started sniffing out the window. Blythe asked her mama if they could take the dogs on a walk on the leash and follow where the dogs were smelling. Blythe's mama said, "Okay," and they took the dogs on a walk outside.

As they were walking, Jesse kept stomping his rainbow-colored paws, and it was like a stamp on the bottom of his paws, because wherever the dog named Jesse walked, there was a rainbow-colored footprint. Lila kept sniffing and going, and they started to follow where Lila was sniffing until they got to a candy factory. When they got to the candy factory, there was a sign on the door that said, "Magic, magic. Do not open unless you are very special." Blythe asked her mama, "Am I very special?" Blythe's mama said, "Yes, you are very special." So Blythe knocked on the door, and the doggie named Leela started to woof at the door and said, "Woof. Woof, woof, woof, woof." Jesse the doggie also started to woof. Then Blythe grabbed the doorknob and opened up the door, and there was a sound that it made. The sound that it made was, and when they opened the door, they saw a rainbow inside the candy factory. There was no rain. It was just a rainbow. There was a waterfall inside of the candy factory. And when they looked at the waterfall, they saw that there was a secret door.

So they walked through the candy factory and passed the lollipops, the chocolate, the ice cream part, the muffins, the birthday cakes, and many other yummy things until they got to the waterfall. Behind the waterfall, it said, "Secret door number one, magic portal." Lila, the doggie with the chocolate nose, saw that there was something special smelling behind the door. Blythe opened up that door, and she saw it was a magic portal. It transported her to a zoo. In the zoo on the other side of the door, there were many zebras. Instead of having black and white hair, which is what zebras normally have, the zebras had red, yellow, and green hair, and they were the most colorful zebras ever. In the zoo, there were also giraffes. The giraffes in this zoo were very silly because they had two necks and two heads. Has anyone ever seen a giraffe with two heads and two necks? I don't think so.

In the special magic zoo behind the magic portal, there were also doggies. All of the doggies in this zoo had special lollipop paws. Lila the doggie, with a chocolate nose, started to talk, and she told Blythe, "This is where I really come from. I lived in this magic portal behind the candy factory." Blythe saw that on the ceiling of the secret room they were in, where the zoo was, there was another door. Usually, doors are not on ceilings, but this was where Jesse lived. Yes. She opened up the door on the ceiling by pulling a secret rope. When the door opened on the ceiling, a ladder came out so they could go into the ceiling. When they got on top of the ceiling, they saw something really special. Do you know what it was? It was an ice-skating rink that was full of ice cream. Instead of ice-skating on regular ice, all of the kids in this ice-skating rink got to skate on ice cream. If you fell down on the ice cream while you were ice-skating, yep, you were allowed to eat it. The ice cream was rainbow-colored. The dog named Jesse said, "Woof woof," and he was able to talk and said, "This is where I came from, and that's why my paws are rainbow-colored."

Blythe was so happy because she had never seen rainbow-colored ice cream and a lot of kids ice-skating on it. She started to eat some of the rainbow-colored ice cream and said, "This is so yummy." As they were walking around the ice-skating rink and skating around, they saw that there was another door. The other door that they saw was under some stairs, and it was a little bit hidden. Blythe asked her mom if she could open up the secret magic portal door under the stairs, and her mama said yes, it was okay. The first thing was a lot. This was the first thing that made everything. When she opened the door, she saw that it was full of magic dust. The magic dust that was in this door looked like sand, but it was colorful. It looked like if you put the sand together and made a castle, then the castle became a real castle right in front of your eyes. If you shaped this colorful sand into a car, guess what happened? It became a Power Wheels that kids could go in. If you shaped the magic sand into a fire truck, guess what happened? It turned into a power truck, and it said, "Woo, woo, woo," and there was real magic water that went through it.

Blythe was so happy to find all of these magic portals. If you put the magic sand together like a house, it would turn into a house. Yes. If you put the magic sand together and made it into a house, then it would turn into a house that had a playground inside the house. The house was so big. Whenever you made new things, they came to be real. Blythe was so happy. Once they were playing a lot in that house, Blythe's mama said it was time for them to go back home because they needed to go to sleep. Blythe asked if the doggies could stay, and her mom said okay. The doggies stayed. While Blythe was sleeping at home that night, the doggies came back and stayed next to her under her bed. Blythe and the doggies named Leela and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.