Tonight's makeup story is a request from an anonymous reviewer who asked for us to make up a story about a doggie called Jesse and a doggie called Leela. And they also want us to add magic portals to the story. And we are going to add a zebra hair and a person named Falukama t Philam. And we also ask that if you're requesting a story, you tell us your name, your age, and location and ask for three things to be in the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Blythe. And Blythe was walking down the street when she saw out of the corner of her eye there were two little puppies who were hiding in a bush. And one puppy was named Jesse, and the other puppy was named Leela. And Lila and Jesse were such little puppies, and they looked all alone. So Blythe. The girl asked her mom, can we go take those doggies home? And her mama said okay. And they brought the little puppies home because they didn't belong to anyone. When they got to their house, blythe noticed something special about the doggies. One of the doggies, the one named Jesse, had kind of rainbow colored paws, and the other doggie, the one named Leela, had a nosy that was made out of chocolate. And those were silly because usually dogs don't have rainbow colored paws, and usually dogs don't have nosies that are made out of chocolate. And the doggie named Leela, who had a nose made out of chocolate, was so good at smelling candy. And Blythe. Was following the two doggies around her house when the doggie named Leela started sniffing out the window. It started sniffing and blythe. Asked her mama if they could take the dogs on a walk on the leash and follow where the dogs were smelling. And Blythe's mama said, okay, and they took the dogs on a walk outside. And as they were walking, jesse kept stomping his rainbow colored paws, and it was like a stamp on the bottom of his paws, because wherever the dog named Jesse walked, there was a rainbow colored footprint. And Lila kept sniffing and going, and they started to follow where Lila was sniffing until they got to a candy factory. When they got to a candy factory, there was a sign on the door that said, magic, magic. Do not open unless you are very special. And Blythe. Asked her mama, am I very special? And Blythe's mama said, yes, you are very special. And so Blythe knocked on the door, and the doggie named Leela started to woof at the door and said, Woof. Woof, woof, woof, woof. And Jesse the doggie also started to woof. And then Blythe grabbed the doorknob and opened up the door, and there was a sound that it made. The sound that it made was and when they opened the door, they saw rainbow inside the candy factory. There was no rain. It was just a rainbow. And there was a waterfall inside of the candy factory. And when they looked at the waterfall, they saw that there was a secret door. And so they walked through the candy factory and they passed the lollipops, and they passed the chocolate, and they passed the ice cream part, and they passed muffins, and they passed birthday cakes, and they passed so many yummy things until they got to the waterfall. And behind the waterfall, it said, Secret door number one, magic portal. And Lila saw that Lila was the doggie that had the chocolate nose. And Lila saw that there was something special smelling behind the door. And so Blythe opened up that door and she saw it was a magic portal. It transported her to a zoo. And the zoo on the other side of the door had so many zebras. And the zebras, instead of having black and white hair, which is what zebras normally have, the zebras had red and yellow and green hair, and they were the most colorful zebras ever. And in the zoo, there were also giraffes. The giraffes in this zoo were very silly because they had two necks and two heads. Has anyone ever seen a giraffe with two heads and two necks? I don't think so. And in the special magic zoo behind the magic portal, there were also doggies. And all of the doggies in this zoo had special lollipop paws. And Lila the doggie, which had a chocolate nose, started to talk, and she told Blythe, this is where I really come from. I lived in this magic portal behind the candy factory. And Blythe saw that on the ceiling of the secret room that they were in where the zoo was, there was another door. Usually doors are not on ceilings, but there was this where Jesse lived. Yes. And she opened up the door on the ceiling by pulling a secret rope. And when the door opened on the ceiling, a ladder came out so that they could go into the ceiling. And when they got on top of the ceiling, they saw something really special. Do you know what it was? It was an ice skating rink that was full of ice cream. And instead of ice skating on regular ice, all of the kids in this ice skating rink got to skate on ice cream. And if you fell down on the ice cream while you were ice skating, yep, you were allowed to eat it. And the ice cream was rainbow colored. And the dog named Jesse said, Woof woof. And he was able to talk and said, this is where I came from, and that's why my paws are rainbow colored. And Blythe was so happy because she had never seen rainbow colored ice cream and a lot of kids ice skating on it. And she started to eat some of the rainbow colored ice cream and said, this is so yummy. And as they were walking around the ice skating rink and skating around, they saw that there was another door. The other door that they saw was under some stairs, and it was a little bit hidden. And Blythe asked her mom if she could open up the secret magic portal door under the stairs, and her mama said yes, it was okay. The first thing was a lot. This was the first thing that made everything. And when she opened the door, she saw that it was full of magic dust. And the magic dust that was in this door looked like sand, but it was colorful. And it looks like if you put the sand together and made a castle, then the castle became a real castle right in front of your eyes. And if you shaped this colorful sand into a car, then guess what happened? It became a power wheels that kids could go in. And if you shaped the magic sand into a fire truck, guess what happened? It was turned into a power truck, and it said, Woo, woo, woo. And there was real magic water that went through it. And so blythe. Was so happy to find all of these magic portals. If you put the magic sand together like a house, it would turn into a house. Yes. And if you put the magic sand together and made it into a house, then it would turn into a house that had a playground inside the house. The house. And it was so big. And whenever you made new things, they came to be real. And Blythe. Was so happy once they were playing a lot in that house. Blythe's mama said it was time for them to go back home because they needed to go to sleep. And Blythe. Asked if the doggies could stay, and her mom said okay. And the doggies stayed. And while Blythe was sleeping at home that night, the doggies came back and stayed next to her under her bed. And Blythe. And the doggies named Leela and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end. Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime rumpus. Tell all your friends. Listen to Les and too makeup because they like it.