Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jesse. Jesse went to preschool, and his preschool had a playground with swings, a sandbox, a little obstacle course, and some monkey bars. There were teachers who liked to play, and sometimes they had rules like kids can't share their food with different kids. But it was still pretty fun, especially when other kids wanted to play with Jesse.

One day, a new kid named Emily came to Jesse's preschool. She had red hair and told Jesse that she had magic powers. Jesse thought she was just pretending. But later, when Jesse was on a swing, Emily went right in front of him and said, "Watch. I can make the swing disappear." She said, "Kazoom," and the swing vanished! But Jesse didn't fall down. Instead, he kept swinging in the air, back and forth, up and down.

Jesse asked Emily, "Make the swing come back and put me down." Emily said she wouldn't do that unless Jesse let her go inside his head. Jesse didn't know what to do because he didn't want Emily to go inside his head. But he also couldn't stay on the swing forever because he would eventually get a tummy ache. And what if his parents came to pick him up and they couldn't see him there, and nobody could get him down?

So Jesse agreed. As soon as he did, Emily said, "Kazam," and went inside Jesse's head. Jesse felt his hair change colors. It used to be blonde, but now it turned red like Emily's. He felt himself going down from his head, through his neck, all the way to his tummy, through his legs, and finally to his toes. Jesse was stuck in his toe, and Emily was inside his head.

Emily said, "Make the swing reappear," and the swing came back. Then Emily, who was in Jesse's body, got off the swing. Jesse could feel that he was still in his toe and really wanted to get back. So he started kicking and pushing on the toe, but Emily just touched the toenail. Jesse couldn't go anywhere, and he really didn't want that to happen. But he couldn't even talk because toes don't have mouths. Emily told Jesse to be quiet.

Emily said they were going to have a special camping adventure in the playground. A teacher came up to Jesse and said, "Jesse, we need to go inside for lunch." Jesse said, "No," but it was really Emily inside Jesse's body who said no. The teacher asked, "Why aren't you listening, Jesse? And why did your hair turn red?" Emily, who was in Jesse's body, said, "I'm not telling." The teacher asked if Jesse put red paint on his head, and Emily said, "I'm not telling."

Emily went inside the tent and said she could camp there because it was like two people. The teacher said, "Wait, but you're just one person." Emily, who was inside Jesse's body, said, "Oops," because she didn't mean to tell the teacher that it was two people. She was going to pretend to be Jesse the whole time. The teacher asked, "Why did you just say that you're two people?"

Jesse, who was still stuck in the toe, decided he needed an idea. He started wriggling the toe up and down until Emily, who was in Jesse's body, needed to scratch the toe. She took off Jesse's shoe, and the teacher saw a smiley face on the toenail. At first, she thought it was nail polish, but then Jesse tried to talk. The smiley face mouth started to move, and Jesse found that the toe could talk a little bit. He said, "I'm in here. I'm in here." The teacher asked, "Why is your toe talking?"

Emily said, "Don't listen to that. You can't listen to my toe." Jesse said, "No, I'm stuck in here. Emily tricked me. She went into my body, and she made me go all the way into my toe." The teacher said, "Okay, let's go inside."

Inside, the teacher asked another teacher, "Why does Jesse have red hair? And where did Emily go?" Jesse didn't know what to do because he was still stuck in the toe. He could make little sounds with the smiley face nail polish, but there wasn't much he could do. So he had an idea: he should move his toe so much that Emily would take Jesse's body to the mirror. Finally, he moved his toe, and Jesse went with his body to the mirror. When he looked in the mirror, the reflection was still the regular Jesse with blonde hair, not red hair. That's how the teacher knew there was magic going on.

She showed the other teacher Jesse's reflection in the mirror, and they figured out that Emily must have taken over Jesse's body and banished him to his toe. The other teacher said, "Okay, no more tricks, Emily. If you took over Jesse's body and banished him to his toe, you have to come back."

Emily started to feel bad because she just wanted to play with Jesse and go on the swing. So Emily said she was sorry, and she poofed and said, "Kazam," leaving Jesse's body. At first, Emily's real body was in the mirror. But when the teacher looked in the mirror, Emily came out of the mirror and was in the preschool.

The teacher asked, "Why did you use magic and take over Jesse's body?" Emily explained that she just wanted to use the swing and play with Jesse. The teacher said, "Okay, just don't use your magic anymore because it's not fair to take over other people's bodies and make them stay in their toes."

Emily said she was sorry and wouldn't use her magic again. Jesse, Emily, and their whole preschool class lived happily ever after. The end.