Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse. Jesse used to go to preschool, and his preschool had a playground outside it, with swings, a sandbox, a little obstacle course, and some monkey bars. There were teachers that used to like to play, and sometimes they had rules like kids can't share their food with different kids. But it was still pretty fun, especially when other kids wanted to play with Jesse.

One day, there was a new kid who went to Jesse's preschool, and the kid was a girl whose name was Emily, and she had red hair. Emily told Jesse that she had some magic powers, and Jesse knew that she was just tricking. But later, when Jesse was on one swing, Emily went right in front of Jesse, and she said, "Watch. I could make the swing go away." And she said, "Kazoom." And just as she said that, the swing disappeared. But Jesse didn't fall down. Instead, he kept swinging in the air backwards and forwards, up and down.

Jesse said to Emily, "Make the swing come down. Come back and put me down." And Emily told Jesse that she wasn't going to do that unless Jesse let her go inside his head. Jesse didn't know what to do because he didn't want Emily to go inside his head. But he also couldn't stay on the swing forever because he was just in the middle of the air going back and forth, and he would eventually get a tummy ache. And what would happen if his parents needed to pick him up and they couldn't even see him there and nobody could get him down?

So Jesse said okay. And just as he said that, Emily said, "Kazam," and she went inside Jesse's head. Jesse felt his hair change colors. It used to be blonde, but now Jesse's hair turned red also. And he felt that he was going down from his head through his neck, all the way down his tummy, through his legs, all the way to his toes. And Jesse was stuck in his toe, and Emily went inside his head.

And then Emily said, "Make the swing reappear," and the swing reappeared. And then Emily, who was in Jesse's body, went off the swing. And when she stepped off of the swing, Jesse could feel that he was still in his toe, and he really wanted to get back. So he started kicking and pushing on the toe, and Emily just touched the toenail. And then Jesse couldn't go anywhere. And Jesse really didn't want that to happen. So Jesse said that you have to let me go. But he couldn't even talk because toes don't have any mouths. And Emily told Jesse to just be quiet.

And she told Jesse that they were going to have a special camping adventure in the playground of his school. And one of the teachers went up to Jesse and said, "Jesse, we're going to have to go inside because everyone's going to have lunch." And Jesse said, "No," but really, it wasn't Jesse who said no, really, it was Emily inside Jesse's body. And Emily is the one who really said no. And the teacher said, "Why aren't you listening, Jesse? And also, why did your hair turn red?" And Emily, who is in Jesse's body and in his head and stuff, said, "I'm not telling." And the teacher said, "Did you put some red paint on your head?" And Emily, who was in Jesse's body, said, "I'm not telling."

And then she went inside the tent, and she said that she could camp inside the tent because it was really like it was two people. And the teacher said, "Wait, but you're just one person." And Emily, who is inside Jesse's body, said, "Oops," because she didn't mean to tell the teacher that it was two people. She was going to pretend that she was just Jesse the whole time. And the teacher said, "Why did you just say that you're two people?"

And Jesse, who is still stuck in the toe, decided that he needed an idea. So what he did is he started wriggling the toe up and down, up and down, until Jesse, who is Emily, who is in Jesse's body, needed to start scratching the toe. And then she took off her shoe. It was Jesse's shoe that she took off. And when the shoe was off, the teacher looked at the shoe and saw that there was a smiley face on the toenail. At first she just thought it was nail polish, but then Jesse tried to talk. And when he talked, the nail polish kind of smiley face while the mouth started to move. And Jesse found that the toe was able to talk a little bit. So he said, "I'm in here. I'm in here." And the teacher said to Jesse, "Why is your toe talking?"

And Emily said, "Don't listen to that. You can't even listen to my toe." And Jesse said, "No, I'm stuck in here. Emily tricked me. And she went into my body, and she went to my head and she made me go all the way into my toe." And the teacher said, "Okay, let's go inside."

And when the teacher took Jesse and Emily inside, she said to the other teacher, "Why does Jesse now have red hair? And also, where did that Emily girl go?" And Jesse didn't know what to do because he was still stuck in the toe, and he could make, like, a little bit of sounds with a smiley face nail polish, but there wasn't that much that he could do. So he finally had an idea, which was he should move his toe so much until Emily wanted to take Jesse's body to the mirror. And finally he moved his toe, and Jesse went with his body to the mirror. And when he looked in the mirror, do you know what happened? The reflection was still the regular Jesse with his blonde hair and not the red hair. And that's how the teacher knew that there was some magic going on.

And she showed the other teacher Jesse's reflection in the mirror and that it wasn't the red hair, it was the blonde hair. And the teacher figured out that because Emily was the one who was missing, maybe she was the one that took over Jesse's body and banished him to his toe. And the other teacher said, "Okay, no more tricking Emily. If you took over Jesse's body and you banished him to his toe, you have to come back."

And Emily started to feel bad, because really the reason she did that wasn't to be mean. It was because she had nobody to play with, and she wanted to go on the swing, but the only swing she could go on was the one that Jesse was on. And so Emily said that she was sorry, and she poofed and said, "Kazam," and went out of Jesse's body. And first, Emily's real body was in the mirror. But when the teacher looked in the mirror, Emily went out of the mirror and was in the regular preschool.

And the teacher said, "Why did you use that magic and take over Jesse's body?" And Emily explained that she just wanted to use the swing and she wasn't really trying to hurt anybody, but there was only one swing, and she liked to play with Jesse. And the teacher said, "Okay, just don't use any of your magic anymore, because it's not fair to take over other people's bodies and to make them just stay in their toes."

And so Emily said she's sorry and that she wouldn't use her magic again. And Jesse and Emily and their whole preschool class lived happily ever after. The end.