Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime wombus. I'm Sylvie. I live in Oakland. What kind of story do you want to hear? I think you want to hear the one where the giraffe always after the last Baba. And I added a mama giraffe and a baby giraffe and a bottle and rainbow, unicorn and a lollipop. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old girl named Sylvie. Sylvie lives in Oakland and asked for us to make up a story that includes a mama giraffe and a baby giraffe and a last bottle, which sometimes people call a Baba. And Sylvie also wants us to add a rainbow, a unicorn, and a lollipop to the story. Usually, we ask kids to ask for just three things in the story, but today, we're making an exception. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four year old giraffe named Sylvie. Sylvie was not a regular giraffe because most giraffes have such long necks and are so big and walk around land. But Sylvie was a special kind of giraffe that was very little, and she and her mama giraffe lived under kids beds. Kids didn't really know about giraffes that lived under their beds, because kids usually think that giraffes are so big and they can't fit under beds. But Sylvie was a secret type of giraffe that not a lot of people discovered that could really live under kids beds. Sometimes the person whose bed Sylvie lived under would check under their bed because they would hear a giraffe noise, and they would think that there might be a monster under their bed. But it wasn't a monster. It was Sylvie and her mama. And one day, Sylvie and her mama were going for a walk under the kid's bed, and as they were walking around under the kid's bed, they saw a toy. The toy was a unicorn toy. And the unicorn toy had long, rainbow colored hair and had one horn. And they thought, Sylvie thought, that maybe a big girl or a big boy left the unicorn toy under the bed, and it got lost. Well, Sylvie had an idea. Sylvie said that she would just borrow the unicorn toy just for a little bit to play with the unicorn toy. And Sylvie's mama said it was okay because the kid whose bed she lived under was in school, and that kid couldn't be in her bedroom that day. So Sylvie said, Are you sure I could use it, Mama? And Sylvie's mama said yes. As Sylvie was playing with the toy unicorn with rainbow colored hair under the kid's bed, sylvie saw that there was a mouse hole, and the mouse hole was so little. But out of the mouse hole came a different real unicorn. The real unicorn that came out of the mouse hole under the kid's bed was really special because it was a little unicorn just like Sylvie. And the unicorn that came out of the bed said, I am a magical unicorn, and I know how to make wishes come true. What is your wish? And Sylvie said that she wanted to have two bottles one bottle full of milk and the other bottle full of apple juice. And the unicorn said, twinkle, twinkle, winkle, dinkle, zaba, guba, kambala, Shimbala. And suddenly the two bottles appeared, and one bottle had milk in it, and the other bottle had apple juice in it. And Sylvie's mama said, wow, that's cool. But those bottles are like people bottles, and we need giraffe size bottles. And a unicorn said, well, I know how to turn that into giraffe size bottles. All I have to do is spray some magic on it. And the unicorn took out a water gun, and the water gun had some magic water inside it, and the unicorn squirted the water gun on the bottle, and suddenly the bottle became little giraffe size, and Sylvie started to drink the apple juice bottle. Apple juice has sugar, and Giraffes get so excited and riled up when they have sugar. And so Sylvie giraffe said, I want to play. I want to play. I want to jump. I want to do so many things and run around and have a race, and I want to play tag and say, you're it. And then the unicorn will have to chase me, and then I'll chase the unicorn. And then we'll do ring around a rosy pocket full of posy. Ashes, ashes. We all fall down, and we'll all fall down. And Sylvie's mama said, Sylvie, I think you had too much giraffe sugar. And the unicorn said, Sylvie, I love to play with you, so how about we play a game? And Sylvie said, well, what game is it? And the unicorn said, well, we could have a game where I'm going to make a magic rainbow appear under the kid's bed where you live. And then you could go climb up the rainbow. And when you get to the other side of the rainbow, you're going to find necklaces, and you're going to find bracelets, and you're going to find earrings, and you're going to find princess dresses and you're going to find a leprechaun, and you're going to find treats and candy and so many good things. And so Sylvie said, that sounds like fun. But since she was such a little giraffe, she couldn't climb up the rainbow. And Sylvie's mama said it's okay. I'll just let you climb up on top of me. And then you could reach the rainbow, and you can climb all the way up the rainbow and slide to the other side and get the treasures. Well, she climbed on her mama's back, and she reached up to the rainbow and started going on the rainbow until she got to the other side. When she got to the other side, Sylvie Giraffe was in a pile of treasure, and there were so many bottles. And so Sylvie Giraffe saw one bottle was full of orange juice, and one bottle was full of grape juice, and one bottle was full of magic juice, and one bottle was full of strawberry juice. And she kept saying, I want another bottle. I want another bottle. And she had so much sugar. And soon Sylvie's mama said, Sylvie, it's time for the last baba. And Sylvie said, really? I just want to play in all of these treasures and have so many bottles. And Sylvie's mama, giraffe said yup. I think it's time. And so Sylvie's Mama Giraffe said the last bottle could be the milk bottle that they saved up. And Sylvie started to drink the milk bottle, and she started to get so sleepy. And her mama Giraffe said that while Sylvie was sleeping, she climbed up onto the kid's bed. And do you know what happened? Sylvie ended up sleeping on the kid's bed that night. And it turned out that the kid was a magical girl who could also turn into a giraffe. And Sylvie ended up becoming good friends with the girl who lived in the house. And the girl and Sylvie would have so much fun building forts and playing a lot of games, and they would also play with the unicorn together. And sometimes they would do magic tricks, and they would even share their babas. Babas are bottles. And Sylvie Giraffe and her mama Giraffe and the little girl who lived on the bed lived happily ever after. The End tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.