Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Molly. Molly lived in a regular house, but this house was built on top of a merry-go-round. The merry-go-round house would always spin round and round. There were pretend horses that went up and down in Molly's special merry-go-round house. Music would also play, and sometimes different kids would visit Molly's house to try the merry-go-round.

Inside Molly's house, there was a magic bathtub. The magic bathtub was lots of fun. The reason it was so much fun is that when kids got dirty, the magic bathtub had a special kind of shampoo and a special kind of conditioner that felt nice in kids' hair. It didn't even hurt their eyes at all. This magic shampoo and conditioner didn't hurt even if you squirted it in your eye. It just felt like someone was gently blowing air in your eye.

When this special shampoo got in your hair, it made your hair any color you wanted it to be. The color would last for three days, and then it would go back to the regular color. Many kids would visit Molly's house when they were dirty, like if they played in the mud or went on a big hike. They would go to Molly's merry-go-round house with their parents and take a bath. Their parents would use the magic shampoo, and the kids would get the hair color they wanted. Some kids chose orange hair, and some chose rainbow hair.

There was a kitty cat that usually didn't like baths, but because this was a magic bath, the kitty cat was happy to go in. Molly put the magic shampoo on the kitty cat, and guess what happened? The kitty cat turned into a rainbow color! Molly said, "Now we know kitty cats really think about rainbows, because the only way it could have turned into a rainbow color kitty cat is if the kitty cat was thinking about rainbows." So Molly was really happy to have a kitty cat named Rainbow, and all her friends took turns coming over to get the special shampoo.

There was also a tattoo station in Molly's house. The tattoo station gave kids a special stamp tattoo on their hand or arm. If they got the stamp tattoo, whatever they got a tattoo of would come alive and be their little pet for a day. Molly decided to get a unicorn tattoo. After she got the unicorn tattoo, the unicorn came off her hand and crawled up onto her shoulder. One of Molly's friends got a dinosaur tattoo, and the dinosaur went from her friend's hand onto his shoulder. The unicorn was a nice unicorn, and the dinosaur was a nice dinosaur too.

Lots of people loved going to Molly's house, not only because of the magic bathtub with the magic shampoo and the awesome tattoos that came alive, but also because there was something really special called the imagination oven. The imagination oven was in a little pretend kitchen for kids to play with. There was a pretend oven, pot, pan, sink, and lots of pretend things. When kids went to the imagination kitchen and tried to make something in the imagination oven, that thing would walk out of the oven and float through the air. For example, if a kid decided to make a cake, the cake would go in the pretend oven, but when it came out, it would fly through the air. As it flew, the cake would get bigger and bigger, and eventually, it would need to go out of the merry-go-round house.

Molly and her friends took turns opening the door and making it bigger for the cake to fit out of her house. After the cake went out of Molly's merry-go-round house, Molly decided to climb onto the cake for a floating ride. While flying on the cake, she would take some bites just to taste it, and also because her birthday was coming up. Molly went on the cake, and some of her friends asked if they could go too. As Molly flew through the air outside her house, many kids watched her fly on her cake. They all thought it was a special cake and wanted to go for a cake ride too. Some kids even brought candles.

The kids put candles on Molly's cake, but these were sprinkle candles. If you lit them with pretend fire, sprinkles would come out instead of flames. Molly used the sprinkle candles with her friends as they flew through the city. They passed trees, flew on top of a bus, and even flew past a garbage truck. The kids got dirty from the cake, so after they went back to Molly's merry-go-round house, they had to clean up. They licked the cake off themselves, but they got it in their hair too. So they had to go back to Molly's house, take a bath, and use the magic shampoo.

All the kids were so happy that Molly shared her flying birthday cake with them. They told Molly she was the best birthday girl. Molly and her friends lived happily ever after, and her kitty cat named Rainbow was always there for her. The End.