Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Kiara. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell all your friends. Hello. My name is Molly. I'm four years old. I live in Australia. There was a girl called Molly. I lived in a normal house with her mom, her founder. What we offer and to code it Rainbows. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Molly, who lives in Perth, Western Australia, and who is four years old, but turning five next week on January 24. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Molly. Molly asked for us to make up a story that includes a kitty cat without a tag, whose name is Rainbow, and a girl named Molly, and a house. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Molly. Molly lived in a regular house, but the regular house was built on top of a merrygoround. And the merrygoround house would always turn round and round. And there would be pretend horses that went up and down in the special merrygoround house that Molly lived in. And there would also be some music that would play. And sometimes different kids would go over to Molly's house so that they could try the merrygoround. Inside of Molly's house, there was a magic bathtub. The magic bathtub was a lot of fun. The reason the magic bathtub was so much fun is that when kids got dirty, the magic bathtub had a special kind of shampoo and a special kind of conditioner that felt nice in kids hair. And it didn't even hurt their eyes even a little bit. And that kind of if you squirt it in their eye, even if you don't, kids shouldn't try to squirt regular shampoo or conditioner and eye. But at this magic bathtub in Molly's merry Groundhouse, there was a special kind of shampoo and special kind of conditioner that didn't even hurt even if you squirt in your eye. It just felt like if somebody was just pushing air in your eye or blowing air in your eye, so that's how it felt. And whenever this special kind of shampoo gotten your hair, it made your hair whatever color you wanted it to become. And then it would last for three days, and then it would go back to be the regular color. And so a lot of kids used to go over to Molly's house if they were dirty, like if they played in the muck or the mud or they were playing outside lot and went on a big hike or something, then they would go to Molly's Merrygoround house and they would go with their parents upstairs to take a bath. And their parents would use the magic shampoo and whatever color hair the kids wanted. The magic shampoo would make their hair. And some kids decided to have orange color hair. And some kids rainbow. Well, there was a kitty cat and the kitty cat. Usually, kitty cats don't like to go in baths, but because this was a magic bath, the kitty cat was so happy about going in the bath, and Molly put the shampoo on the magic shampoo on the kitty cat. And do you know what happened to the kitty cat? What? The kitty cat turned into a rainbow color because the kitty cat so Molly said, now we know kitty cats really think about rainbows, because the only way it could have turned into a rainbow color kitty cat is if the kitty cat was thinking about rainbows. So Molly was really happy to have a kitty cat whose name was Rainbow, and all of her friends used to take turns coming over to get special shampoo. There was also a tattoo station in Molly's house. The tattoo station gave kids a special stamp tattoo on their hand or on their arm, and if they got the stamp tattoo, then whatever they got a tattoo of would be alive and be their little pet for a day. And so Molly decided to get a unicorn tattoo. And after she got a unicorn tattoo, the unicorn tattoo came off of her hand, and the unicorn crawled up onto her shoulder. And one of Molly's friends decided to get a dinosaur tattoo. And Molly watched as the dinosaur went off of her friend's tattoo hand and all the way onto his shoulder. The unicorn was a nice unicorn, and the dinosaur was also a nice dinosaur. Lots of people loved to go to Molly's house, not only because Molly had the magic bathtub with the magic shampoo, and not only because Molly also had awesome tattoos, which could come alive, but also because in Molly's house, there was something really special, and it was called the imagination oven. The way the imagination oven worked is there was a little pretend kitchen for kids to play with, and there was a pretend oven, and there was a pretend pot, and there was a pretend pan, and there was a pretend sink and lots of pretend things. Well, when kids went to the imagination kitchen and they tried to make something in the imagination oven, do you know what happened to that thing? What? That thing would walk out of the oven and float through the air. So let's say a kid decided to make a cake, because Molly did decide to make a cake. The cake would go in the pretend kids oven, but when it came out, it would kind of fly through the air. And as it was flying through the air, the cake would get bigger and bigger, and eventually, the cake would need to go out of the merry go round house. And so Molly and her friends took turns opening the door and making it bigger and bigger for the cake to fit out of her house. After the cake went out of Molly's merrygoround house, molly decided she would climb onto the cake for a floating ride, because the cake was really good at floating. Why not eat some? Dig a hole in it? Well, and Molly decided that as she was flying on the cake, she would just take some bites just to taste it. And also because her birthday was coming up. And so Molly went on the cake, and some of her friends asked if they could go also. And as Molly was flying through the air outside of her house, there were so many kids who were watching her fly on her cake. And all of the kids were like, wow, that is a special cake. We want to go for a cake ride. And some of the kids even brought candles. And so the kids brought candles on Molly's cake. And Molly decided that they would have a birthday party on the flying cake as it flew through Perth in Western Australia. And Molly and her friends put the candles in the cake. And the candles weren't a kind of fire candle. It was a sprinkle candle. If you lit it with pretend fires, then instead of fire coming, sprinkles came on the candle. And so Molly was able to use the sprinkle candles with her friend as she was flying through the city. And she passed trees, and she flew on top of a bus, and she even flew past a garbage truck. Didn't they fall into the cape? Because cake is kind of mushy. Cake is kind of mushy. And a lot of the kids got dirty from the cake. And so after they went back to Molly's merry go round house, do you know what the kids had to do? Lick yourself. Well, they had to lick the cake off, but they got it in their hair bud. So they had to go back to Molly's house, back into the bath and do the magic shampoo. And all of the kids were so happy that Molly let them share some of her flying birthday cake, that all of the kids said to Molly, you are the best birthday girl. And Molly and her friends lived happily ever after. And her kitty cat named Rainbow was always there for Molly. The End hi, thank you for listening to Makeup story. Tell all your friends to listen to make those stories. Thank you.