Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big boy named Grayson. Grayson lived in a house at the edge of the forest, where all the birds came from. There were so many different birds in the forest. There were green birds, red birds, birds with wings, birds that swam, birds with legs, and even birds that could talk! There were so many birds in the forest that Grayson lived next to, but none of the birds were blue.

One day, when Grayson woke up and went outside, he saw a nest on a tree in the forest. The nest was between some branches, made of blue sticks, and had a blue egg in it. Grayson called his parents and said, "Mom, Dad, you won't believe it! We finally have a blue egg in the forest, and maybe the first bluebird will be born." Grayson's parents came out and saw the blue nest on the tree by the branches at the edge of the forest. And in the blue nest, there was a blue egg.

Grayson and his parents got a ladder and brought it to the tree. They climbed up the ladder very carefully until they reached the blue nest with the blue egg. Grayson's dad saw it first and said, "Grayson, you won't believe it." Grayson asked, "What? What?" His dad replied, "You'll have to come to the top of the ladder to see." So Grayson's dad went down the ladder, and Grayson went up the ladder by himself, with his dad holding the ladder to be safe.

When Grayson reached the top of the ladder and looked at the blue nest on the branch with the blue egg, he saw gold in it. There was so much gold in the nest that Grayson thought maybe a leprechaun or something special had dropped it off. And maybe the gold was a clue about why the egg was blue. Grayson asked his parents if they thought they should take the blue egg and the blue nest with the gold in it. Grayson's parents suggested, "Why don't we keep an eye on it and have a picnic? We'll eat some snacks, like sandwiches, apple juice, and water, and we'll enjoy our picnic while watching the blue egg." Grayson thought that was a good idea.

So Grayson told his dad to go back to the house. While Grayson and his mom started the picnic, Grayson's dad returned with all sorts of yummy picnic treats, including cookies, apple juice, and healthy snacks like apples and cucumber. Grayson and his family began eating their picnic snacks when suddenly, Grayson noticed the blue egg starting to crack a little bit. They all looked up at the tree and saw that out of the blue egg, there wasn't a regular bluebird, but a baby ninja!

The baby ninja got out of the blue egg, and it looked like a person ninja, but it was made out of green fire. It was a nice kind of fire that wasn't really scary because when you looked at the fire, it made you happy. The fire also made people laugh. Grayson looked at the fire ninja, and the fire ninja jumped out of the tree and went all the way down to the picnic. The fire ninja walked through the grass, did some cartwheels, a somersault, and even started to walk on its fire hands.

When the fire ninja reached Grayson and his family, it asked, "Grayson, can I have some of your apple juice?" Grayson asked his mom, "Should I give the fire ninja some apple juice?" His mom said he should. So Grayson gave a little bit of apple juice to the fire ninja. As the fire ninja drank the apple juice, it got colder and colder. One of its feet turned into an ice foot, and one of its hands turned into an ice hand. They looked like apple juice ice. That's when Grayson realized whatever the fire ninja drank, that's what it turned into.

Soon, the fire ninja turned into an icicle apple juice ninja with icicle hands and icicle fingers. It was like a snowman now, but it could move like a ninja and do really cool tricks. The apple juice ice ninja jumped up to the blue nest, got one of the big gold coins, and brought it to Grayson. The ninja told Grayson that the gold coin was a secret ticket to meet the Friendly Crocodile that lived under the Troll Bridge.

Grayson asked, "How do I get to the Troll Bridge?" The ninja replied, "First, watch what I'm going to do." It went back to the blue nest, took a blue twig, and put it on top of its head. The ninja turned blue and into a bluebird.

Now that the ninja was a bluebird, it could fly and tweet. The bluebird led Grayson and his family through the sneakiest parts of the bird forest where regular people didn't know the way. They followed the bluebird as it took them on a zip line across the forest to a part with many ropes on top of the trees. Grayson balanced on the ropes and held onto them, with his mom and dad following proudly behind him. The bluebird, which used to be made of apple juice and was born a fire ninja from the blue egg, showed them the secret Troll Bridge.

The secret Troll Bridge was in a quiet part of the forest, surrounded by a swamp where many frogs lived. The frogs said, "Ribbit," and jumped as high as a tree because they were the highest jumping frogs in the whole world. Grayson thought they were bird frogs because he had never seen a frog jump so high. The frogs were really jumping because they lived next to the Troll Bridge, where the Friendly Crocodile lived.

The bluebird showed Grayson that the Friendly Crocodile lived next to the jumping frogs. When Grayson met the Friendly Crocodile, it opened its mouth and said, "I can give any kid special powers." Grayson asked, "Did you give those frogs special powers?" The Friendly Crocodile said it had given the frogs jumping powers and asked Grayson what power he wanted. Grayson said he wanted to be able to turn into a ninja, have wings like a bird, and turn back into a regular kid whenever he wanted so he could eat cereal, play with toys, and sleep in his house.

The friendly crocodile closed its mouth, went under the water, stood on its tail, and said, "Whom." Suddenly, Grayson felt power and could transform into a bird, a fire ninja, or anything else he wanted because of the silly thing the friendly crocodile said. Grayson and his family lived happily ever after. The end.