Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Grayson. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Grayson, and I'm turning a five it on June 12. It and I live in Georgetown, Kentucky, and I would like a story about a friendly crocodile, a fire ninja, and a bluebird. Thank you. Tonight's makeup Story is a request from a boy named Grayson, who lives in Georgetown, Kentucky, and who turned five last week on June 12. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Grayson. Happy birthday, Grayson. And Grayson asked for us to make up a story that includes a friendly crocodile, a fire ninja, and a blue bird. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big boy whose name was Grayson. Grayson lived in a house that was at the edge of the forest, where all of the birds came from. There were so many different birds in the forest, and there were birds that were green, and there were birds that were red. There were birds that had wings, and there were birds that swam. There were birds that had legs, and there were even birds that could talk. There were so many birds in the forest that Grayson lived next to, but none of the birds were blue. And one day, when Grayson woke up and he went outside of his house, he saw that there was a nest on one of the trees in the forest. And the nest was between some branches, and the nest was made of blue sticks, and the nest had a blue egg in it. And so Grayson got his parents, and Grayson said, Mom, dad, you're not going to believe it. We finally have a blue egg in the forest, and maybe the first bluebird will be born. And Grayson's parents came out, and they saw that there really was a blue nest on the tree by the branches at the edge of the forest. And in the blue nest, there was a blue egg. And Grayson and his parents got in a ladder, and they brought the ladder all the way to the tree. And Grayson and his parents climbed up the tree in the ladder very carefully until they got to the blue nest with the blue egg. And Grayson's dad saw it first. And Grayson's dad said, Grayson, you're not going to believe it. And Grayson said what? What? And Grayson's dad said, you're going to have to come to the top of the ladder to look. And so Grayson's dad went down the ladder, and Grayson went up the ladder by himself. And his dad held the ladder to be safe. And when Grayson got to the top of the ladder and he looked at the blue nest on the branch with the blue egg, he saw that there was gold in it. And there was so much gold in the nest that Grayson thought maybe a leprechaun or something special came to drop the gold off. And maybe the gold was a clue about why the egg was blue. Grayson asked his parents if they thought that they should take the blue egg and the blue nest with the gold in it. And Grayson's parents said, well, why don't we keep an eye on it, and we'll have a picnic. And as we have the picnic, we'll eat some snacks. We might even have like, some sandwiches and some apple juice and water, and we'll just enjoy our picnic, and we'll keep an eye and see what comes out of the blue egg. And Grayson decided that was a good idea. So Grayson told his dad to go back to the house. While Grayson and his mom started to have a picnic, grayson's dad came back with all sorts of good picnic things, including cookies, including apple juice, and including some healthy snacks like apples and also a cucumber. And Grayson and his family started to eat their picnic snacks, when suddenly Grayson noticed that the blue egg was starting to crack a little bit. And he looked up at the tree, and Grayson's parents looked up at the tree as well. And they saw that out of the blue egg, there wasn't coming a regular bluebird, but there was a baby ninja. The baby ninja got out of the blue egg, and the baby ninja lifted up its baby arms, and it looked like a person ninja, but it was made out of green fire. And it was a nice kind of fire that wasn't really scary because when you looked at the fire, it made you happy. And the fire also made people kind of laugh. And Grayson looked at the fire ninja, and the fire ninja jumped out of his tree, and he went all the way down to the picnic. And fire ninja walked through the grass, and he did some cartwheels, and the fire ninja did a somersault. And the fire ninja even started to walk on his fire hands. When the fire ninja got to Grayson and his family, the fire ninja said, grayson, can I have some of your apple juice? And Grayson said, mom, should I give the fire ninja some apple juice? And Grayson's mom said he should. So Grayson gave a little bit of apple juice to the fire ninja. And when the fire ninja started drinking the apple juice, the fire ninja got colder and colder, and one of the fire ninja's feet turned into an ice foot, and one of the fire ninja's hands turned into an ice hand. And they were looked like not like regular ice, but like apple juice. And that's when Grayson realized whatever the fire ninja drank, that's what he turned into. And soon the fire ninja turned into a kind of icicle apple juice with icicle hands and icicle fingers. And it was kind of like a snowman now, but it could move like a ninja and do really cool tricks. And a fire ninja who was made of apple juice. Ice jumped up to the blue nest, and he got one of the big gold coins, and he brought it to Grayson. And the Fire Ninja told Grayson that even though he was made of frozen apple juice, now, the gold coin that he was giving to Grayson was a secret ticket to meet the Friendly Crocodile that lived under the Troll Bridge. Grayson said, well, how do I get to the Troll Bridge? And the Fire Ninja said, first, watch what I'm going to do. And the Fire Ninja went back to the blue nest, and he took one of the blue twigs from the blue nest. A twig is like a little piece of a tree. And the Fire Ninja put the blue twig right on top of his head. And the Fire Ninja turned blue, and he turned into a bluebird. Now that the Fire Ninja was a bluebird, it was able to fly and it was able to tweet. And so the bluebird that used to be the Fire Ninja was able to help Grayson go into the sneakiest parts of the bird forest where regular people didn't know the way. And so Grayson and his family followed the bluebird as the bluebird took them on a zip line across the forest to a part of the forest where there were so many ropes that you could climb on, and the ropes were on top of the trees, and Grayson was balancing on the ropes and holding on to them. And Grayson's mom and dad were following proudly behind him as the blue bird, which used to be made of apple juice and was born a Fire Ninja from the Blue Egg, showed them the secret Troll Bridge. The secret Troll Bridge was in a quiet part of the forest. It was surrounded by a swamp where a lot of frogs lived. And the frogs would say, Ribbot. And they would jump up as high as a tree because they were the highest jumping frogs in the whole world. And when Grayson saw the frogs, he thought they were kind of bird frogs or something, because he had never seen a frog jump as high as a tree. It must need wings. But the frogs were really jumping for a reason. The frogs were jumping because they lived right next to the Troll Bridge, where the Friendly Crocodile was. And so the Bluebird showed Grayson that right next to the jumping frogs lived the Friendly Crocodile. When Grayson met the Friendly Crocodile, the Friendly Crocodile opened its mouth, and the Friendly Crocodile said, I can give any kid special powers. And Grayson said, did you give those froggies special powers? And the Friendly Crocodile said that the froggies wanted to be able to jump so high. So he gave the froggies a jumping power, and he asked Grayson what kind of power he would want. And Grayson said he wanted to be able to turn into a ninja. And he also wanted to be able to have wings and be a bird, but also to turn back into a regular kid whenever he wanted to so that he could have, like, cereal and other kinds of nice things and play with toys and go to sleep in his house. And so the friendly crocodile closed his mouth, and the friendly crocodile went under the water. And then the friendly crocodile stood on the back of his tail. And got out of the water and balanced on his tail and said, whom. And suddenly, grayson felt power, and grayson was able to transform into a bird or a fire ninja or whatever else he wanted to because of the silly thing that the friendly crocodile said. And grayson and his family lived happily ever after. The end.