Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. Get ready to listen to fun and non scary stories that I make up on the fly without preparing. I tell these stories to my five year old son as part of his bedtime routine. Thanks for listening. Okay, so we have a special story request tonight from three year old whose name is Griffin. And Griffin wanted us to tell a story that has an earthworm, a race car, and a Hulk figure. Hulk is like a big, green, strong guy who's a superhero. What do you know about Hulk? Do you want to add something to the story? Green? Yeah. Do you want to add something to the story, buddy? When I say that means I choose something. Okay, what do you choose? Okay, what is it? That was rattlesnake. Rattlesnake. And I also just went hiking with some families of rattles. Okay. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a three year old boy whose name was Griffin. And Griffin was such a good three year old boy at turning over rocks and trying to find worms. And he was also really good at digging. Griffin especially liked to dig in sand, but also sometimes to dig in dirt and to make a mess. And he would get the dirt all over his hands and all over his clothing. And Griffin's mama would say, griffin, you made a mess, and then clean off his hands and change his shirt and change his pants. One day, Griffin told his mom that he wanted to go outside to have a special adventure, and his mom said, okay, let's go. So Griffin told his mom that they needed to take the stroller for this adventure because they were going to go to a racetrack. Well, his mom got Griffin's stroller ready and put Griffin in the stroller. And Griffin said, don't forget to strap me in. And Griffin's mama strapped him in the stroller, and Griffin said, for our adventure, we're going to need a spoon and a shovel. Well, Griffin didn't tell his mom yet, so Griffin told his mom, buddy, griffin didn't tell his mom yet. So Griffin told his mom, we're going to need a spoon for our adventure and a shovel. And his mom said, why do we need a spoon for our adventure? And Griffin said, it's a secret. I'm only going to tell you later. And his mom said, okay. So Griffin's mama pushed him out on the stroller, and Griffin told his mom that she had to go on the sidewalk until they got close to a racetrack. So his mom said, I don't know where there's a racetrack around here where there are race cars. And Griffin said, there really is. I just have to point which way to go. So first, Griffin pointed straight, and Griffin's mama pushed him on the stroller straight, and they got up to a part where there was a mountain, and the mountain is like, a really big hill, and the mountain had lots of rocks and stuff like that. And Griffin told his mom that on the other side of the mountain, there was a racetrack with lots of fast cars, including Lightning McQueen and including Kingy and including Justin Storm and a lot of other fast race cars. And Justin's mama said, Sorry, griffin's mama said, I'm not sure you're right. And Griffin said, really? I am promising you. So then Griffin's mama said, okay, should we get out of the stroller while we climb over the mountain? Did they know chicks? Did they know what? Checks. Oh, the car. Well, they didn't get to the racetrack yet, so they didn't know she was there, so they're going to have to go check. Well, Griffin's mama griffin's mama took Griffin out of the stroller, and Griffin said, let's turn over this rock to see what's there. And he pointed to a rock that was in the ground. Griffin tried to pick it up himself, but it was too big. So he said, oh, and then told his mom he needed her to help. Griffin's mom helped him pick up the rock, and Griffin was so surprised for what he saw under the rock. What he saw under the rock was the biggest worm in the world. And this worm was not a regular brown worm, and it wasn't a regular Earthworm. This worm was green, and it had a smiley face in front of it, and its name was Ernie. And Ernie the worm could talk. Well, Ernie the worm slithered from under the rock and said to Griffin, griffin, don't tell your mom that I could really talk. We have to keep it a secret between you and me. And Griffin said okay. And then Ernie the Earthworm told Griffin to pick him up and put him in his hands and then put him in a backpack. And Ernie said, okay. But Ernie didn't want his mom to see. So Ernie said, Mama, there's something important. You can't look at what I'm doing, and I'm not telling you what it is, and I don't have an Earthworm. And his mom said, okay, and look the other way. And Griffin picked up ernie, the Earthworm. And Ernie the Earthworm first decided to slide and slither up Griffin's arm away from his hand towards his shoulders, and then it went towards the head. And Griffin the Earthworm went around Ernie's head on the very top, and it looked like a crown. And Griffin said, But Ernie, I'm not a birthday boy. Why do I even have a special worm crown? And Ernie the worm said, Because, Griffin, you are such a special boy. But then Griffin's mom was about to look. So Griffin took Ernie very quickly off his head and put him in the backpack. Well, his mom said, Ernie, did you find anything under the rock? And Griffin said my name is not Ernie. My name is Griffin. How do you know the name Ernie. And the mom said, Well, Griffin, did you find anything under the rock? And Griffin said, I can't tell you. It's an important, important secret. And his mom said, okay, let's keep going. And they started to go in the mountain, up the big, steep hill, through the forest part, where there were lots of trees, and there were lots of branches, and there were lots of rocks, and there was lots of dirt. And as they kept going, they saw that there was a big giant boulder. A big giant boulder is a big, big rock that fell off a mountain, and the boulder was in the way. So not only could Griffin's mama not push the stroller, but Griffin and his mama were stuck in the trail, and they couldn't get anywhere. So Griffin told his mom, mom, how are we going to get to the racetrack? Because the racetrack is on the other side of this boulder in the mountain, and this boulder is blocking us. And Griffin's mom said, griffin, I think we're going to have to turn back. And then Griffin had a special idea. Griffin decided that he would ask Ernie the green worm who was in his backpack, what to do. So he told his mom to look the other way while he did something sneaky, and Griffin's mom looked the other way. Then Griffin took Ernie the green Worm out of his backpack and said, ernie, what should we do to get that boulder away? Because we want to go to the racetrack? And I can't talk so loud because my mom will hear me if I do talk too loud. And Ernie the Earthworm slithered out of the backpack and went back onto Griffin's head into a crown shape and whispered something into Griffin's ear. He said to Griffin, Griffin, you need to say, Hugalaga hugalaga hugalaga boo, hooga laga, hugalaga, hugalaga boo. And when you say that, if you put me down on the ground first, I'll turn into something that could move that big boulder away. And Griffin said okay. So first he put Ernie the big green Worm on the ground, and then he told his mama she had to cover her ears so she couldn't hear what he was going to say. And Griffin's mama covered her ears, and Griffin told his mom she also had to look the other way, so she looked the other way. And then Griffin put Ernie the Worm down on the ground and said he covered his hands and waved it over Ernie the worm and said, Hugalaga hugalaga hugalaga boo. Hugalaga, hugalaga hugalaga boo. And suddenly Griffin heard a sound of thunder, and Ernie the Worm transformed and was no longer just a worm, but turned into a big, green, strong guy whose name was a Hulk. And this wasn't the regular Hulk. This was a little different Hulk, because this Hulk had a special birthday crown on him. And the Hulk said to Griffin, mr. Griffin, I think that you're stuck because you need to get to the racetrack on the other side of the mountain, but there's this big boulder which is a big rock in your way. Should I lift it with my giant muscles to move it? And Griffin said okay. And Griffin's mama said, who is that? And Griffin told his mama that it was just Ernie the Earthworm, but it just turned into the Hulk because it transformed. And his mama said, okay. Well, Ernie the Earthworm, who turned into the Hulk, picked up the big boulder and moved it away. And then Griffin and his mama were able to go to where the racetrack was, but after Ernie the Earthworm did that, and he was still Hulk. Hulk was walking along the way, and he was too big for the trail. So Hulk bent down all the way and got on his knees and started to crawl. But when Hulk was crawling through the trail, he was still way too big. So Griffin told his mama he needed to turn the Hulk back into Ernie the Earthworm. And his mom said, okay, but how do you know how to do that? And Griffin said, just trust me, mom. I know how to do it. And then Griffin said, Hugabaga, huga baga, huga baga, baga, huga baga, huga baga. And suddenly the Hulk turned back into Ernie the earthworm. And Ernie the Earthworm slithered up Griffin's arm and went to give him a birthday crown again and then went back in the backpack. Well, Griffin and his mom kept going, and suddenly as they were going in the trail, they were getting very close to the racetrack when they saw a rattlesnake. And the rattlesnake was on the side of the trail. And it didn't look like a mean rattlesnake. It looked like a nice rattlesnake who was so hungry. And usually if rattlesnakes need to eat, they just swallow their food whole. Like if they eat a mouse, it just swallows the whole mouse. But this rattlesnake had arms, and the rattlesnake had hands, and the rattlesnake's name was Riddy. And Riddy the rattlesnake was eating soup. Griffin said he had never seen a rattlesnake eat soup before. And Riddy the rattlesnake was using a spoon to eat soup. And that was so silly because Griffin and his mama and nobody had ever seen a rattlesnake use a spoon to eat soup. Well, what happened was Ernie the Earthworm came out of the backpack and said, I know that rattlesnake. That's a friendly guy. That rattlesnake is named Riddy. And Ernie, the earthworm said, I want a spoon too. And Griffin said, well, good thing I packed an extra spoon in my backpack and let Ernie the Earthworm use the spoon. Ernie the Earthworm said he had to leave Griffin there, and the snake was his friend, so they were going to eat soup together, and he'd see him a different day. And Griffin said, okay. And then Griffin got to the other side of the mountain and saw the racetrack. There were lots of race cars there. One of the specialist race cars of all was named gritty. And gritty. The race car was so fast that whenever you saw him go, you had to blink and you had to say kaboom fast. So Griffin got to see gritty the race car go so fast around the track that it won so many races and went kaboom fast. Well, Griffin had such a big day. Race car go faster than how fast I'm talking. But you just talked so fast, buddy. I don't know if a race car could go faster than that, but race cars could go pretty fast. Well, why don't you think? Because think about how fast you just talked. But maybe they can, because talking is word fast. And race cars go speed fast on the road. So it's a different kind of fast. Well, this fast. That fast. I don't know. Well, anyway, Griffin told his mama that they had a big day and big adventure, so they wanted to go home. Griffin told his mom that he was going to leave Ernie the Earthworm there because that's where he lived. So Griffin and his mama went home from the racetrack, and they went back to their house, and Griffin told all of his friends about the great adventure he had with an earthworm named with an earthworm named Ernie and an earthworm who turned into a Hulk and that the earthworm also needed to use the spoon to eat soup with a snake. And so all of his friends told Griffin that he had a special, special adventure. And Griffin and his family and all of his friends lived happily ever after. The End. That of the story. If you want me to make up a special story for you, then tell me three special things. You want to be in the story and your name and write a review. I'll make up a special story just for you.