Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse were walking around town when suddenly they noticed that all of the sidewalks became very bouncy, kind of like a trampoline. And they started to jump. The sidewalk went up and down, and they went jumping higher and higher, and the streets were bouncy and all the cars were bouncing up and down and everything was bouncing so high. 

Jesse and Jonah decided that they would just bounce all the way to the pizza store. They bounced through the different sidewalks until they even their house was bouncing. They bounced all over until they got to the pizza store. When they got to the pizza store, they saw there was a pizza that was floating in the middle of the oven, and the owner of the pizza store didn't really know what to do because the pizza oven was shaking since the whole building that the pizza store was in was also bouncing. The owner asked Jonah and Jesse if it was an earthquake. Jesse said it was not an earthquake; there was just some magic that turned everything on the ground into bouncy trampoline stuff. Jesse then asked if the pizza was going to be ready. 

The lady took the pizza out of the oven, put it in a box, and gave it to Jesse to carry with his big brother Jonah all the way back to their house. Jesse, as he was walking into his house, was getting so thirsty because it was sunny outside, and it was hot outside, and it had been a long time since he drank any water. He had been doing so many bounces, and that could make you tired. So when Jesse finally got home, he started to pour a cup of water. He saw that the cup of water had a hole on the bottom and it was leaking from the bottom. He asked his mom, Amanda, if he could pour the water into a water bottle. Amanda said that he could. 

Jesse poured the water into a water bottle, and then he screwed on the top of the water bottle and told everybody it was time to eat the pizza. They opened the pizza box and saw the pizza was floating inside it. Jesse and Jonah each had a couple of slices of yummy pizza, which they ate all up. The pizza kind of made them really tired. So Jesse drank some of the water from his water bottle, and right when he drank it, he noticed that he had to lay down, and he lay down in the kitchen on the floor. He started to have wood grow out of his arms, and a mattress grew on his belly. Jesse was turning into a real bunk bed while he was laying down on the kitchen floor. 

There was a ladder that started to grow on top of his back that went all the way from the floor to his head, which was the top of the bunk bed. Jonah showed his dad, Steve, that Jesse had turned into a bunk bed. Steve came out to the kitchen, and he saw that there was a bunk bed, but it didn't look like Jesse. So Steve said, "Jonah, did you move the bunk bed from your room to the kitchen?" Jonah said, "No, I didn't do it. It's really Jesse. Jesse drank some water from a magic water bottle, and that made him turn into a bunk bed." But Steve did not believe him. 

So Steve said, "Well, how about because this bunk bed is here, I just go on the bottom bunk, and mom will go on the top bunk." They went on the bunk bed, but really, the bunk bed was Jesse. Jesse didn't want them to just sleep on top of him while he was a bunk bed; he wanted to turn back into a person. But when Steve and Amanda, their parents, got on the bunk bed, they started to bounce up and down, and the whole bunk bed started to float through the house, and the house was bouncing also. Jesse was like, "Oh, no, I just want to rest and turn back into a person and not be the bunk bed." Jonah was the only one who knew that the bunk bed was really Jesse, so Jonah had to save the day. 

Jonah went on the bunk bed and said, "Steve, can you just go off the bunk bed just for, like, a minute?" Steve said, "Okay." Then he said, "Amanda, mom, can you go off the bunk bed, too?" Amanda was like, "I'm already tired and laying down here." But Jonah said that if Amanda went off the bunk bed, then he would do a lot of special things for the next few days. So Amanda climbed down the ladder, and she went off the bunk bed. Then Jonah said, "Hey, Steve and Amanda, can you help push the bunk bed out of the kitchen to the living room where there's a big mirror?" Steve and Amanda said, "Okay," because the bunk bed wasn't heavy since everything kind of floated and bounced, and they started pushing the bunk bed all the way to the living room. 

When the bunk bed faced the mirror, do you know what they saw? What they saw wasn't the bunk bed reflection in the mirror. It was Jesse. They could see that the bunk bed really was Jesse because you could tell that in the mirror. That was Jonah's trick for how to prove to his parents that the bunk bed was really his younger brother. 

Well, once Steve and Amanda saw that the bunk bed was really Jesse, they said, "Jonah, how did Jesse turn into a bunk bed?" Jonah told Steve and Amanda that they went home carrying the box of pizza, and they were so thirsty, and Jesse had a hole in his cup, so he had to pour the water in a water bottle and drink from the water bottle. Then he turned into a bunk bed. Steve said, "Oh, no, you guys didn't use the white water bottle, did you?" Jonah said, "Yes." Steve said that he had some experiment, a science experiment that was waiting in the water bottle. Jonah said, "Oh, that's why Jesse probably turned into a bunk bed." 

Steve said, "Well, I know how to get him to turn back into a person. We have to put some magnets in the water bottle, and we have to mix up the water again, only this time, we also have to put a little bit of grape juice in it, and then we have to spray the water on the bunk bed. When we do that, the bunk bed will turn back to Jesse." So Jonah got some grape juice, and Steve got some magnets, and they put it in the water bottle along with a little bit of water, and they shook it, and they mixed it up, and finally they spritzed it on the bed, and the bed turned back into Jesse. 

Jesse was like, "Finally! That took you guys so long? I was a bunk bed for the longest time. And, mom, why did you climb on top of me?" Amanda said that she didn't know. Jesse said, "Well, next time, I'm not going to turn into a bunk bed. Next time, I am going to turn into a fire truck and a power wheels." Steve said, "Well, just don't drink from that water bottle again." Jesse said that he wouldn't. 

But Jesse saved a little tiny drop from the water bottle, and he put it in the freezer in the shape of an ice cube. He decided that a different day, when his parents weren't looking, he might give a little bit of that drop that he turned into an ice cube to their kitty cat to see what cats turn into. Jonah and Jesse told their parents that they should never look in the freezer, and they never did. Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.