Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Harris. Harris's house did not have regular floors. Instead of having carpets on the floor or having wood, the floors in Harris's house were made of sand. The ceilings were made of titanium, which is a very strong kind of metal. Harris's friends loved to come to his house because he would let all of his friends play in his big sandbox house. 

One day, one of Harris's friends knocked on his door, and Harris's mom opened the door. Harris's friend was wearing an astronaut costume, and he said, "Harris, can I come in and play?" Harris said yes, but he didn't have an astronaut costume. Harris's friend said not to worry because Harris lived in a magical house. Harris's friend said that if they went and snuck into a closet which was near the kitchen and closed the door for a little bit after telling an adult that they would be there, they could close their eyes and use their imagination and see what happened. Harris closed his eyes, and when he opened them, he saw there really was an astronaut costume on him.

Now Harris and his friend both had astronaut suits on spacesuits, and they decided it was time for them to lift off into outer space. Harris told his friend that before they lifted off the house, they had to tell the parents to strap into their special seats. He got his parents a jump rope that they could use as a seatbelt, and his parents sat down on a couch. Harris and his friends had their astronaut suits on and told their mom that they were ready to blast off. Harris started the countdown and said, "10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, blast off."

As Harris said "blast off," he closed his eyes and imagined that the house had real rocket boosters under it. Then he opened his eyes, and the house did have real rocket boosters, and it started lifting up and going higher in the sky, higher than birds fly all the way to the highest part of the sky, called the stratosphere. That's where dragons used to hang out when they were alive. It's higher than airplanes go.

In the stratosphere, a dragon said, "You need extra dragon power." The dragon got under the titanium sandbox house and breathed some fire, making the titanium house spaceship go even faster. It zoomed through outer space. As it was going through outer space, Harris and his friends looked out his house's window and saw lots of planets. The dragon was helping push them through outer space really fast, and they saw the sun, which was a big bright ball in the middle of all of the planets. They passed by the sun and visited other stars because they went zoom fast, dragon speed fast.

As they were on their way to another star, Harris opened his eyes and looked outside. Then he closed his eyes and imagined that there was an alien ice cream truck. The alien ice cream truck had wheels that were made of soccer balls and windshield wipers that were made of Twizzlers. As they were going to the alien ice cream truck, there was a big problem. There was a big meteor belt, a bunch of rocks in outer space, that were blocking the way, and Harris was getting worried. 

Harris said, "Everyone, mom, dad, make sure the jump rope is tight, because the house is titanium. So I don't think the meteor will break it, but it might give it a big bump." Harris's mom and dad held onto the jump rope as they sat on the couch. The dragon saw the meteor and got off the back of the house, breathing fire into the meteors. The meteors melted, and Harris could go right through them. The dragon went on the roof of the house and aimed at the meteors in front of it, so they were able to get past.

Harris was a really good astronaut, and he was able to navigate past the meteor belt all the way to the alien ice cream truck. The alien ice cream truck was making some noise, like "dingalinga, dinga, linga ding." When Harris pulled up to it, an alien started going out of the alien ice cream truck. The alien made a special ice cream cone that was made up of a shark. It was like a shark ice cream. The shark ice cream would fly through space from the alien ice cream truck into Harris's house. When you took a bite of it, it grew back, so it was the kind of ice cream that never ended.

Harris said thank you to the alien that lived in the ice cream truck, and he kept going on his great adventure. Harris and his family lived happily ever after. The end.