Welcome to makeup stories. My name is harris. Makeup stories, the best podcast ever. Bye. Tell your friend. Tell friends. My name is harris. I live in englewood, colorado. I am five years old. I would like a story about a dragon to the spaceship. And I would like a story about an ice cream truck and a shark dick and fly. My birthday is may 14. What? Thank you. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named harris who lives in englewood, colorado, and who turned six years old three days ago on may 14. And so we want to say happy birthday, harris. Happy birthday, harris. Thanks, bud. And harris asks for us to make up a story that includes a dragon, spaceship, an ice cream truck, and sharks that can fly. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was harris. Harris's house did not have regular floors. And instead of having carpets on the floor or having wood, the floors on harris's house were made of sand. Yeah, bud. What happens if it was, like what if something fell on it? Like an asteroid, that kind of thing? Some people say the meteors or like an asteroid or a meteor that would break because it was sand. Well, so the floors in harris's house, that was like a big sandbox. So it didn't have, like, carpet, but the ceilings were made of titanium, which is a very strong kind of metal. And so there was in harris's bedroom, for example, he had a regular bed. And if you looked at the ceiling, the roof looked very strong, but on the floor, it was like a big sandbox. And harris, his friends loved to come to his house because harris would let all of his friends play in his big sandbox house. And sometimes some of his friends told harris that they thought his house was special. And harris said, well, that's of course it's special. That's because it has a sandbox in the whole house. And then one day, one of harris's friends knocked on his door, and harris's mom opened the door, and harris's friend was wearing an astronaut costume, and he said, harris, can I come in and play? And harris said, yes. Harris said, I don't have an astronaut costume, so I don't think we could play together as astronauts. But harris's friend said not to worry because harris lived in a magical house. And Harris's friend said that if they went and snuck into a closet which was near the kitchen, and they closed the door for a little bit after telling an adult that they would be there, that they could close their eyes and use their imagination and see what happened. Sometimes this doesn't work, but you can try this at home if you're listening to the story. What harris did was he closed his eyes. And when he closed his eyes, he could kind of feel that there was an astronaut suit on him, just like Harris, just like Harris's friend had. And then Harris opened up his eyes and he saw there really was an astronaut costume. And so just by closing his eyes and imagining an astronaut costume, harris was able to make one go on him. Well, now Harris and his friend both had astronaut suits on spacesuits, and Harris and his friend decided it was time for them to lift off into outer space. Harris told his friend that before they lifted off the house, they had to tell the parents to strap into their special seats. And he got his parents a jump rope that they could use as a seatbelt. And his parents had to sit down on a couch, and Harris's parents sat down on a couch and they used the jump rope as a seatbelt. And Harris and his friends had their astronaut suits on and they told their mom that they were ready to blast off. And Harris was doing the countdown and he started at ten and said, ten 987-65-4321, blast off. And just yabud. I hope the Walker chip didn't explode. Just as Harris said. Blastoff. He closed his eyes and he decided to imagine that the house had real rocket boosters under it. And then he opened his eyes and guess what? The house did have real rocket boosters and it started lifting up and it went higher in the sky, higher than birds fly all the way, the highest part of the sky, it's called the stratosphere. That's where when dragons used to be alive, that's where dragons used to hang out in the stratosphere. It's higher than airplanes go. That's why airplanes usually can't see them. And so Harris was closing his eyes and he took his whole family and his friend all the way up to the stratosphere in his titanium sandbox house. And when he was in the stratosphere, a dragon said, you need extra dragon power. And the dragon got under the titanium sandbox house and he breathed some fire. And that made the titanium house spaceship go even faster. And it zoomed through outer space. And as it was going through outer space, harris and his friends looked out his house's window and outside of the window, they could see lots of planets. Yeah, bud. So was the dragon still there helping? The dragon was helping push them through outer space really fast. And they saw so many planets, and they saw the sun, which was such a big bright ball in middle of all of the planets, and they passed by the sun and they went out and they visited other stars because they went zoom fast, dragon speed fast. And as they were on their way to another star, harris opened his eyes and he looked outside. And then he closed his eyes and imagined that there was an alien ice cream truck. And the alien ice cream truck had wheels that were made of soccer balls. And it had windshield wipers that were made of twizzlers. Yeah. Bud, what happens if there was a meteor that hit the house? Well, bud, as they were going to the alien ice cream truck, there was a big problem. There was a big meteor belt, a bunch of rocks in outer space. That were blocking the way, and harris was getting worried. So harris said, everyone, mom, dad, make sure the jump rope is tight, because the house is titanium. So I don't think the meteor will break it, but it might give it a big bump. And harris's mom and dad held onto the jump rope. As they sat in the couch. And then suddenly, the dragon saw that there was a meteor, and he got off the back of the house. And breathed fire into the meteors. And meteors are made of different kinds of metal, and so they melted when the dragon breathed fire onto them. And then harris could go right through the meteors. Because it was like liquid. It was like waters. It's like hot metal and titanium. Titanium has one of the highest melting points of any metal, so the titanium didn't melt from that. The dragon stopped trying to not aim at that house. Yeah, the dragon went on the roof of the house. And aimed at the meteors in front of it. So he was able to get past harris was able to he was a really good astronaut, bud, and he was able to navigate past the meteor belt all the way to the alien ice cream truck. The alien ice cream truck was making some noise, like, dingalinga, dinga, linga ding. And when harris pulled up to it, an alien started going out of the alien ice cream truck. Now, the kind of aliens that lived in the ice cream truck. Were kind of like worms, but they started off really small, like caterpillars, and then if you talk to it, it would get bigger and bigger and turn into, like, a bigger caterpillar and then a worm and then as big as a snake, and it could go as long as it wanted. That was the kind of alien that it was. And it had no eyes, and it had no mouth, and it had no nose, but it had 17 ears. And the ears, that's what it had for feet. It had ears for feet, and it could kind of walk on its ears. Because it had so many of them. And it also had a tail. But funnily enough, the tail of this kind of alien, it looked like a foot, and so it was really silly. Foot eyes. Did it look like because that can actually if you close your eyes, you might actually be able to still hear, and that could be your scene way. Yes. So, the aliens these aliens didn't have eyes, and they couldn't see anything, and so what they did is they really needed a way to try to see what's going on. Because they didn't just want to hear. If you hear and you go echo, echo, echo, you could kind of see the shape of a room, but you don't see it. You hear it. And so that's what the aliens used to do. They had so many ears that they could make different echoes in different places, and they can hear where the echoes are. Yeah, bud, I heard that also sometimes walks for bats. Yes. So bats also use that. But bats just have two ears, so they're good at it. But they're not as good as these aliens. And so the aliens were able to see harris, and they said hello, and they made a special ice cream cone. That was made up of a shark. It was like a shark ice cream. And the way it worked is the shark ice cream would fly through space. From the alien ice cream truck into harris's house. And then after it flew in, if you took a bite of it, then guess what happened? It grew back. And so it was the kind of ice cream that never ended. And that was a kind of ice cream that doesn't yet exist on earth. On earth, if you bite ice cream, then it's just it it's just going to go into your mouth. And there'll be a little bit less left. But this kind of outer space ice cream was the kind where if you bit it, they would licked it. There was still more. And so harris said thank you to the alien that lived in the ice cream truck, and he kept going on his great adventure. And harris and his family lived happily ever after. The end.