Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old boy whose name was Leo. Leo lived in Oakland, California, and he would sometimes go to the playground. It was a lot of fun for Leo when he went down the slides. And sometimes he would even say "wee." Leo was very good at the swings, and he could go so high or so slow, depending on what he wanted to do. And Leo was also learning to climb. A lot of other kids liked to play with Leo. Leo was fun to play with.

One day, Leo was digging in the sandbox at the playground when he saw something shiny in the bottom of the sand. In the sandbox in the playground. And he got out his shovel and dug around the shiny thing. And do you know what he found, bud? A treasure box. And that was very surprising because who would have thought that there'd be treasure buried in a kid's playground in the sandbox? Usually, treasure could be buried like pirates might bury treasure, but that would be on a beach where a pirate ship could park or somebody might hide like a lot of gold somewhere. But that would probably be in the mountains or in the forest, not in the middle of the kids' playground.

But Leo used his shovel, got to the bottom of the sandbox, and he really found the treasure box. Leo said, "Mom, mom, I found a treasure box." And all of the kids who were in the playground ran around because they wanted to see what was in the bottom of the sandbox. And all of the kids saw that there was a shiny box which had a lock on it. And there was also a key that Leo found in the sandbox. Did the box say Leo? No, the box didn't have Leo's name. It just said the word "treasure" on it. So Leo knew that it was a treasure box.

He came there and actually put it there saying treasure when it's just a lot of door inside. And Leo didn't know what was inside the box because the box was still closed. And there could have just been not real treasure inside. Like maybe there was just sand inside the treasure box and some pirates from a long time ago were trying to trick. That wouldn't be good. And so Leo used the key. And the key did say his name. It said L-E-O. That's how you spell Leo. And Leo put the key that said his name into the treasure box and opened it all up.

And as he opened up the treasure box, all of the kids in the playground were looking. And when he opened it up, a light came on from inside of the treasure box and a fan started to go from inside the treasure box and it started blowing air towards Leo and all the kids who were watching. And then suddenly some rubber bands started spilling outside of the treasure box. And after the rubber band started spilling out, do you know what else started coming? Tennis balls. And tennis balls started popping out of the treasure box. And it looked like the treasure box was endless and was so, so big and so, so deep, because every time the kids looked new, things came out.

Do you know what the next thing that came out of the treasure box was? Water guns. And so many water guns came out that all the kids in the playground could use. And there were monster trucks that came out for kids to play with that go actually to the other side of the world, path magma, it might have. But there were so many things that came out of this treasure box. It was all the great stuff. It was like if you wanted a lollipop, lollipops came out of the treasure box. In this treasure box, you just had to press a button and then whatever you were thinking of would come out of the treasure box.

So let's say you were thinking, "I want a unicorn." You have to concentrate very hard and you close your eyes. And then after you're closing your eyes, you put one hand and you put it on top of your head and touch your hair. And as you touch your hair and you close your eyes, if you want it to be a unicorn, you have to think, "I want a unicorn," and press the button on the treasure box as you're thinking it. And sometimes kids have to practice, like they'll put their finger on the wrong side of their hair on their head or they don't press the button, right? But if kids practice and they touch their hair and they think, "I want," and then they think of whatever toy they want and press the button on the treasure box, they could get that toy.

And Leo decided to get toys for all of the kids in the playground. And he got race car toys and he got so many different kinds of toys and power wheels toys. And all of the kids were so happy. But soon Leo is like, "Well, how do we even get this treasure box out of the sand? Because it looks like it's attached to the earth and it goes so deep." And all of the friends said that they didn't know all of them could go back to the house and get the shovels. And Leo said, "Why don't you guys all go back to your house and then get shovels, and then we'll work together and then try to dig it out?"

And so all of Leo's friends got their shovels, and they walked back to their houses. Well, they went to their houses, got their shovels, and they walked back to the playground with their shovels, and they said, "We march, we march, we march to help Leo. We march, we march, we march to help Leo." And they got to the playground ready to help Leo. And all of the kids started digging at the same time. And they finally got the treasure box out of the ground, and it took about a whole hour.

And what they saw was that the treasure box was growing on top of a rose bush. A rose bush is a bush that grows nice kinds of flowers that look really pretty. And that's what the treasure box was growing on top of. And I think what was happening is usually for a rose bush, when it grows, it'll just grow like a rose leaf looking thing, like a flower. But this rose bush wasn't growing flowers. It was really connected to the button that the kids were pressing. And whatever the kids were thinking of when they pressed the button, it was coming out of the rose bush and going into the treasure box. So that's how it works.

And so Leo explained to his friends that really the way the treasure box worked is it was connected to the rose bush and the button that kids pressed when they were thinking of what they wanted and when they were touching their hair, it was all connected. And the toys were really coming out of the rose bush. So it was making the toys as you were thinking them. That's why it looked like it was so deep. But really, it didn't have to be deep. Little time to make it, but it made it very quick.

And then Leo had an idea. Leo decided he would make a toy factory, and instead of building a whole factory, he would just build a house around the treasure box and let the rose bush grow. And then whenever somebody wanted a toy, he'd press the button, and that toy would come and it would make it automatically. So Leo's friends helped Leo build a toy factory around the playground. And whenever you pressed a button in that toy factory, if you touched your hair and thought about what you wanted really hard, the toy came out by itself.

And everyone was so happy with Leo. And Leo became the boy in charge of the toy factory, and everyone in Oakland, California, and the whole world wanted to visit Leo's special toy factory. And Leo and his mom lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to makeup because they'll like it.