Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jesse. One day, when Jesse was four years old, his mom said, "Jesse, I need to go on an adventure with your older brother Jonah. Can you stay home with Dad for one day?" Jesse agreed, and then Amanda and Jonah left in a car while Steve and Jesse stayed home.

Jesse told Steve that they should go get some ice cream. So they went in a car to the recreation center where there's a pool, and outside the pool, there's a freezer with different kinds of ice cream. There was one kind of ice cream that had a cone with vanilla on top. Instead of having chocolate chips, it had little tiny eyeballs on top. Jesse told Steve that he wanted to try the eyeball ice cream. Steve agreed because the eyeball ice cream looked a bit like M&M's.

Jesse and Steve went to the playground, and when they got there, Jesse opened up the ice cream and started to lick the vanilla. The eyeballs went into his mouth and tasted kind of yummy, but he could also feel like they were swimming down under. They swam through his tongue, down his throat, all the way to his belly button. As Jesse licked more of the ice cream, it felt like the eyeballs in his tummy were getting bigger and bigger. Soon the eyeballs were bouncing all around his tummy, and it felt like there were balls in his tummy that were going back and forth and trying to explode out of his belly button.

Jesse told his dad that they should go home from the playground because the eyeballs that he ate were trying to explode out of his belly. Steve and Jesse decided to go home. When they got home, Jesse said that he needed to take a nap. So he laid down, and when Jesse laid down, a bunch of the eyeballs went right out of his belly button because they became super small so they could escape.

When Jesse woke up, he saw that all of the eyeballs were floating right in front of his face. They were looking at him, and they said, "Are you my master?" Jesse called for his dad, and Steve went to help Jesse. The eyeballs started to chase Steve, and they made a buzzing sound like a bee. They were trying to sting Steve because the eyeballs had stingers in the back. Jesse said, "Don't sting my dad!" The eyeballs replied, "You are my master," and they stopped trying to chase Steve.

Jesse told the eyeballs to go into a bowl, and they floated through the living room all the way to the kitchen. The eyeballs opened up a cabinet, found a bowl, and went inside it. Jesse said, "Dad, I think the eyeballs that came from the ice cream turned alive somehow. They're listening to me, but they're not so nice, maybe because they tried to sting you." Steve asked what they should do, and Jesse suggested looking at them under his microscope.

Jesse put the eyeballs under his microscope and saw that they had little mouths, noses, and teensy, tiny little tails. They were wagging their little tails, but you could only see it under the microscope. Jesse told his dad that the eyeballs came alive and that they were like a kind of eyeball bug that would listen to whatever Jesse said. Jesse decided to command them to only be good.

Jesse told the eyeballs to fly outside his house, and they went through his window. He then instructed them to find some candy. The eyeballs flew around town until they found some extra candy hidden in a box. They carried the box back to Jesse's house using sticky stuff at the bottom that was like glue.

Steve suggested that Jesse could use these eyeballs to help clean up litter and do a lot of good things. Jesse decided he would use the eyeballs to clean up his toys and put away his clothing. After they finished cleaning up the house, Jesse told the eyeballs to go to sleep because he needed to sleep for the night.

While Jesse was sleeping, the eyeballs did something bad. They opened up the freezer, found some ice cream, and ate it. The eyeballs grew so big that they were almost as big as a door and couldn't fit through the door to Jesse's bedroom. In the morning, Jesse couldn't get to his dad's bedroom because the eyeballs were in the hallway between his bedroom and his dad's bedroom.

Jesse went around the house and used the other door to his dad's room. They went to the kitchen and saw that the eyeballs left the freezer open and the ice cream was missing. Jesse realized that when he first ate the eyeballs, they were in ice cream because ice cream could make eyeballs little or big. Steve asked what they should do to make the eyeballs small again. Jesse suggested using ice cubes because they are also cold, just like ice cream, but they don't have sugar and aren't as yummy.

Jesse got some ice cubes from the freezer and put them on top of the eyeballs. The eyeballs disappeared, and Jesse didn't know how to get them to come back again. He went back to the recreation center where the pool was to try to find more eyeball ice cream, but they were all out of that kind. Jesse always kept an eye out for the eyeball kind of ice cream, but he couldn't find it anymore. Jesse and his dad, mom, and brother Jonah all lived happily ever after. The end.