Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup Stories, and I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use aya welcome to Makeup Stories. My name is Elian. Go to makeupstory.com to join the makeup club. Okay, Jesse. Today mom and Jonah, they went camping on an adventure in Mount Aspiring National Park, and they brought a tent with them. And so we're here, home alone. What do you want me to tell you a story about? When you look at it in a microscope, it's actually a bad guy. Okay. An eye that when you look at it in a microscope, you realize it's actually a bad guy. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse. And one day, when Jesse was four years old, his mom said, jesse, I need to go off on an adventure with your older brother Jonah. Can you stay home with dad for one day? And Jesse said, okay. And then Amanda and Jonah left in a car while Steve and Jesse were home alone. Jesse told Steve that they should go get some ice cream. So they went in a car all the way to the recreation center where there's a pool, and on the outside of the pool, there's a freezer that has different kinds of ice cream. And there was one kind of ice cream in the freezer that had it was in a cone, and it had vanilla on top. And instead of having chocolate chips or something like that, it had little tiny eyeballs on top. And Jesse told Steve that he wanted to try the eyeball kind of ice cream. And Steve said, okay, because the eyeball ice cream, it looked a little bit like it was Eminem's. And so Jesse went back in the car, and Steve said, let's wait till we get to the playground until we eat the ice cream, because it's pretty hot outside and it'll be yummier in the playground. So Steve and Jesse went to the playground, and when they got to the playground, jesse opened up the ice cream, and he started to lick the vanilla. And the eyeballs that were on top, they went in his mouth and they tasted kind of yummy, but he could also feel like they were swimming down under. They swam, like, through his tongue, down his throat, all the way in his belly button. And as Jesse licked more of the ice cream, it felt like the eyeballs in his tummy were getting bigger and bigger. And soon the eyeballs were bouncing all around his tummy and it felt like there were balls in his tummy that were going back and forth and that they were trying to explode out of his belly button. And Jesse told his dad that they should go home from the playground because the eyeballs that he ate were trying to explode out of his belly. And Steve and Jesse decided to go home. When they got home, jesse said that he needed to take a nap. So he laid down. And when Jesse laid down, a bunch of the eyeballs went right out of his belly button because they became super small. So they could escape. Out of his belly button. And when they got out of his belly button, they started floating around the house. And Jesse woke up. And when Jesse woke up, he saw that all of the eyeballs were floating right in front of his face. And they were looking at him, and they said, are you my master? And Jesse said, dad, come help. There's some eyeballs floating around. And Steve went to go help Jesse. And the eyeballs started to chase Steve, and they made, like, a buzzing sound, like a bee, and they were trying to sting Steve because the eyeballs had stingers in the back. And Jesse said, don't sting my dad. And the eyeballs said, you are my master. And they stopped trying to chase Steve. And then Jesse said, Eyeballs, you have to go in a bowl. And all of the eyeballs started floating through the living room all the way to the kitchen. And the eyeballs opened up a cabinet and they found a bowl and they all went inside the bowl and they started rolling around the bowl. And then Jesse said, dad, I think the eyeballs that came from the ice cream, they turned alive somehow. And they're listening to me. But they're not so nice. Maybe because they tried to sting you. And so Steve said, well, what should we do? And Jesse said, oh, I have an idea. Let's look at them under my microscope. So he got his microscope, and then he said, eyeballs go under my microscope. And the eyeballs flew right under his microscope. And when Jesse looked through his microscope to see the eyeballs, he saw that the eyeballs had little mouths in them, and the eyeballs also had little noses. And they even had teensy, tiny little tails. And the eyeballs were wagging their little tails. And you could only see it under the microscope. But you couldn't see it regular. And so Jesse told his dad that the eyeballs came alive and that they were like a kind of eyeball bug and that they would listen to whatever Jesse said. And so Jesse would command them to only be good. And so Jesse told the eyeballs that they didn't have to stay under the microscope anymore. And he told them to fly outside his house. And the eyeballs all went right through Jesse's window. And when they got out of his window, jesse told the eyeballs, go find some candy. And the eyeballs flew around town until they could find some extra candy that was hidden in a box. And all the eyeballs carried the box back to Jesse's house. And then when they were back to Jesse's house, steve said, jesse, how did you get that candy? And Jesse told Steve that the eyeballs got it for him. And Steve said, well, how did they carry it? And Jesse showed Steve that the eyeballs had some sticky stuff at the bottom that was like glue. And they attached that to the box. And that's when Steve said, jesse, you could use these eyeballs to help clean up litter that's lying down on the ground and to do a lot of good things. And so Jesse decided he would use the eyeballs to clean up all of his toys and also to put away his clothing. And so the eyeballs started to clean up Jesse's house for him. After they were done cleaning up the house, jesse told the eyeballs that they should go to sleep because he needed to go to sleep for the night. And in the eyeballs when Jesse was sleeping, they did something bad. Should I tell you what they did? The eyeballs opened up the freezer and they found some ice cream. And the eyeballs ate the ice cream. And when the eyeballs ate the ice cream, they got really, really big. And the eyeballs got so big that they were almost as big as a door. And they couldn't even fit through the door to Jesse's bedroom. And they couldn't fly anymore. So they were like humongous marbles. And Jesse, in the morning, he couldn't even get to his dad's bedroom because there were some eyeballs that were in the hallway in between his bedroom and his dad's bedroom. So he started shouting, dad, help. The eyeballs got so big and Steve couldn't get to Jesse's bedroom because the eyeballs were in the way. And Jesse decided, I'm going to go round the house and use the other door to Dad's room. Yes. So Jesse had to go all the way out the garageway of the house and use the other door to his dad's bedroom. And then he said, dad, why did the eyeballs get so big? And they went around the house to the kitchen, and that's when they saw that the eyeballs left the freezer open. And that's when they saw the ice cream was missing. And so Jesse said, oh, that's why. When I first ate the eyeballs, they were in ice cream because ice cream could make eyeballs little or big. And Steve said, well, what should we do to make the eyeballs small again? And Jesse said, oh, I know. And Steve said, what should we do? And Jesse said, how about Ice Cubes? Because ice cubes are also cold, just like ice cream, but they don't have sugar. And they're not as yummy. So Jesse got some ice cubes from the freezer. They do have a little salt. Well, some ice cubes might have salt, but most ice cubes don't. And Jesse got some ice cubes. And when he put the ice cubes on top of the eyeballs, do you know what happened? They all just disappeared. And after they disappeared, jesse didn't know how to get the eyeballs to come back again. So he went back to the recreation center where the pool was to try to find some more eyeballs. But they were all out of that kind of ice cream. And so Jesse always kept an eye out for the eyeball kind of ice cream. But he couldn't find it anymore. And Jesse and his dad and his mom and his brother Jonah all lived happily ever after. The end of night. Oh, yeah. My name is Yandin. Thanks for listening to the story. Make stories.com to join the cab. Tell your friends you close.