Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jason and Crystal. Jason and Crystal lived in a magic castle. The magic castle was right next to a river, and the river was made of strawberry juice. There were fountains next to the castle, and the fountains spouted strawberry juice. All of the water fountains in the castle also had strawberry juice. Many kids from around the kingdom used to go to the castle to get some strawberry juice to bring back to their families. Jason and Crystal were in charge of having fun and playing games at the castle.

One game that Jason and Crystal used to play was called the Robot game. The way the robot game worked was that Crystal would pretend to be a robot and she would say, "I am a robot." Then Jason would have to chase her around. Whenever Jason caught Crystal, Crystal would say, "Okay, you got me, now you are a robot." Then Jason would turn into a robot, and they would take turns.

One day, as they were playing the robot game, they saw a tree made out of strawberries. The tree had no regular green leaves. It was a strawberry tree, and it had no green leaves. It just grew strawberries everywhere. The tree didn't have regular wooden branches and wasn't made out of wood. It was made out of metal. When they looked closely at the tree, they saw that the tree had legs and the tree could walk. Jason said, "I never saw a tree that could walk before." Crystal said, "How is that even possible?" But there it was, a walking strawberry tree made out of metal.

They asked the strawberry tree if it could follow them into their castle because they wanted to show their dad that there was a real strawberry tree. Their dad looked at the strawberry tree and asked how it could be made of metal. The strawberry tree said, "Well, really, I was born a robot, and a magic princess turned me into a tree. I always wanted to become a regular princess again, but I don't know how to." Jason and Crystal asked their dad if they could help the robot tree become a princess again. Their dad said, "Okay, well, there is a mystery of how to do that because they needed to find the fairy that would turn the tree into a princess again. But it was very hard to find the fairy because fairies are sometimes hard to see."

So, they started to walk around outside of their castle, and they passed the Strawberry Juice River. When they got to a bridge that was in the Strawberry Juice River, they found a troll under the bridge. The troll said, "Who's that walking next to my bridge?" Jason and Crystal said, "It's us, the people who live in the castle." The troll said, "Well, what do you want?" Jason and Crystal said, "We have an emergency. There's a tree that looks like a robot, and it used to be a princess, and it wants to be a princess again." The troll said, "Well, how can I help?" Jason and Crystal said, "We need you to send a fairy with a magic wand so the fairy could wave the magic wand and turn the tree into a princess again." The troll said, "Okay, I will help if you tell me the secret password."

Jason said, "Is the secret password 'robot'?" The troll said, "No, that's not the secret password." Crystal said, "Is the secret password 'PJ masks'?" The troll said, "No, that's not the secret password." Suddenly, Jason had an idea. He realized that robots need batteries, so he said, "Is the secret password 'battery'?" The troll said that it was. Because they got the secret password right, the troll said, "Wakapala Gindum bahita." Just as he said that, a fairy appeared. The fairy usually flew, but this fairy was riding a boat on the Strawberry River. The Strawberry River was red, and the fairy was wearing a purple dress. The fairy was in a boat that was like a bath toy kind of boat. It was a toy boat because fairies are not so big, and they don't need such big boats.

The fairy said, "I'm here. Who called me?" The troll said, "Well, Jason and Crystal live in the castle, and they needed a fairy to help turn the robot strawberry tree into a princess again." The fairy started to fly, and she landed right on Crystal's head. Crystal said, "Hey, what's on my head?" The fairy said, "It is me. Do you want me to do some special magic for you?" Crystal said, "Okay." The fairy waved her magic wand and looked at the big robot tree that grew strawberries and said, "Avra kedavra." Suddenly, the robot tree turned into a unicorn.

Jason said, "Hey, that's not what we wanted. We didn't want the robot tree to turn into a unicorn. We wanted it to turn into a princess." But the unicorn was wearing a crown, and the unicorn had a princess dress on. The unicorn said, "I am a princess unicorn. I'm not a people princess, but I am a unicorn princess. As a unicorn princess, I get to wear special jewelry, like this pretty necklace." The unicorn also had bracelets around its legs and a crown on top of its unicorn horn. The unicorn said that it was born as a person unicorn, but then the fairy turned her into a robot tree. Crystal said, "Well, can you become a regular person princess?" The unicorn said, "I need to drink something to turn into a person princess." Jason said, "Oh, I have an idea. How about you drink some strawberry juice?" The unicorn said, "That might work."

The unicorn sipped some of the strawberry juice from the strawberry river. Do you know what happened? It turned into a person princess. The princess was so beautiful. The princess was five years old, which was the same age as Jason, and she was carrying a big mirror with her. When the princess, who used to be a unicorn and used to also be a strawberry tree, looked in the mirror, do you know what you could see? Two princesses. When Jason looked in the mirror with the princess, do you know what he could see? Two Jasons. When his sister Crystal looked in the mirror, do you know what she could see? Two Crystals. Whenever somebody looked into the magic mirror, it made them turn into two.

Jason and Crystal decided to go back to their castle, and they started to go back with the magic mirror that the fairy made. They looked in the mirror again, and now there were three princesses, three Jasons, and three Crystals. Then the fairy looked in the mirror, and it turned into two fairies. They started to head back to their castle. From then on, they had a magic mirror that could turn anyone into two people. Jason and Crystal loved the magic mirror, and they lived happily ever after in the castle. The end.