Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime rumpus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from two kids who live in India. One is named Jason and he's five years old and he has a sister named Crystal who's three years old. And Jason and Crystal asked for us to make up a story that includes a strawberry robots and a princess. We're also going to add binoculars to the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jason and Crystal. Jason and Crystal lived in a magic castle. And the magic castle was right next to a river. And the river was made of strawberry juice. And there were fountains next to the castle and the fountains spouted strawberry juice. And all of the water fountains in the castle also had strawberry juice. And so many kids from around the kingdom used to go to the castle to get some strawberry juice to bring back to their families. And Jason and Crystal were in charge of having fun and playing games at the castle. One game that Jason and Crystal used to play was called the Robot game. The way the robot game worked is Crystal would pretend to be a robot and she would say, I am a robot. And then Jason would have to chase her around. And whenever Jason caught Crystal, crystal would say, okay, you got me now you are a robot. And then Jason would turn into a robot and they would take turns. One day as they were playing the robot game, they saw a tree made out of strawberries. The tree had no regular green leaves. It was a strawberry tree, and it had no green leaves. It just grew strawberries everywhere. And the tree didn't have regular wooden branches and wasn't made out of wood. It was made out of metal. And when they looked closely at the tree, they saw that the tree had legs and the tree could walk. And Jason said, I never saw a tree that could walk before. And Crystal said, how is that even possible? But there it was, a walking strawberry tree made out of metal. Well, they asked the strawberry tree if it could follow them into their castle because they wanted to show their dadda that there was a real strawberry tree. And their dadda looked at the strawberry tree and he asked the strawberry tree how it could be made of metal. And the strawberry tree said, well, really, I was born a robot and a magic princess turned me into a tree. And I always wanted to become a regular princess again, but I don't know how to. And Jason and Crystal asked their dad if they could help the robot tree become a princess again. And their dadda said, okay, well, there is a mystery of how to do that because off. Yeah, because they needed to find the fairy that would turn the tree into a princess again. But it was very hard to find the fairy, because fairies are sometimes hard to see. And so they started yeah. And so they started to walk around outside of their castle, and they passed the Strawberry Juice River. And when they got to a bridge that was in the Strawberry Juice River, they found a troll under the bridge. And the troll said, who's that walking next to my bridge? And Jason and Crystal said, It's us, the people who live in the castle. And the troll said, well, what do you want? And Jason and Crystal said we have an emergency. There's a tree that looks like a robot, and it used to be a princess, and it wants to be a princess again. And the troll said, well, how can I help? And Jason and Crystal said, we need you to send a fairy with a magic wand so the fairy could wave the magic wand and turn the tree into a princess again. And the troll said, okay, I will help if you tell me the secret password. And Jason said, Is the secret password robot? And the troll said, no, that's not the secret password. And Crystal said, Is the secret password PJ masks? And the troll said, no, that's not the secret password. And suddenly, Jason had an idea. He realized that robots need batteries, so he said, Is the secret password battery? And the troll said that it was so, because they got the secret password right. The troll said, Wakapala Gindum bahita. And just as he said that, a fairy appeared. And the fairy fairies usually fly, but this fairy was riding a boat on the Strawberry River. The Strawberry River was red, and the fairy was wearing a purple dress. Yeah. And it was a toy. And the fairy was in a boat that's kind of like a bath toy kind of boat. It was a toy boat because ferries are not so big, and they don't need such big boats. Yeah. And the fairy said, I'm here. Who called me? And the troll said, Well, Jason and Crystal live in the castle, and they needed a fairy to help turn the robot strawberry tree into a princess again. And the fairy started to fly, and she landed right on Crystal's head. And Crystal said, hey, what's on my head? And the fairy said, It is me. Do you want me to do some special magic for you? And Crystal said okay. And the fairy waved her magic wand and looked at the big robot tree that grew strawberries and said, Avra kedavra. And suddenly the robot tree turned into a unicorn. And Jason said, hey, that's not what we wanted. We didn't want the robot tree to turn into a unicorn. We wanted it to turn into a princess. But the unicorn was wearing a crown, and the unicorn had a princess dress on. And the unicorn said, I am a princess unicorn. I'm not a people princess, but I am a unicorn princess. And as a unicorn princess, I get to wear special jewelry, like this pretty necklace. And also the unicorn had bracelets around its legs and a crown on top of its unicorn horn. And the unicorn said that it was born as a person unicorn. But then the fairy turned her into a robot tree. And Crystal said, well, can you become a regular person princess? And the unicorn said, I need to drink something to turn into a person princess. And Jason said, oh, I have an idea. How about you drink some strawberry juice? And the unicorn said, that might work. And the unicorn sipped some of the strawberry juice from the strawberry river. And do you know what happened? It turned into a person princess. And the princess was so beautiful. The princess was five years old, which was the same age as Jason, and she was carrying a big mirror with her. And when the princess, who used to be a unicorn and used to also be a strawberry tree, when she looked in the mirror, do you know what you could see? Two princesses. And then when Jason looked in the mirror with the princess, do you know what he could see? Two Jasons. And do you know what his sister Crystal could see? Two crystals. And whenever somebody looked into the magic mirror, it made them turn into two. And so Jason and Crystal decided to go back to their castle, and it was a magic mirror because the fairy made this mirror, and they started to go back. Yeah. And so they started to go back, and they looked in the mirror again, and now there were three princesses, and there were three Jasons, and there were three crystals. And then the fairy looked in the mirror, and it turned into two fairies, and they started to head back to their castle. And from then and there, they had a magic mirror that could turn anyone into two people. And Jason and Crystal loved the magic mirror, and they lived happily ever after in the castle. The End tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.