Once upon a time, there was a boy named Jonah who was at a New Year's Eve party. At the party, everyone had lots of balloons, and there was a little candle that they attached to some balloons, and the candle made the balloons explode. But inside the balloons, there were some streamers that said 2222. There was a specially designed cake. At this New Year's party, there were kids who were playing, and there were grownups who were talking about grown-up stuff. This young boy, Jonah, was afraid. He knew that really, this great king, Antiochus, the one with the nose that looks like an elephant's nose, he knew that he was a bad alien and that when he came to Earth, the entire human civilization was going to be doomed. And Jonah had a plan. He couldn't tell his plan to anybody, least of all the people at the party, but he had a secret plan. It wasn't guaranteed to work, because it could be that Antiochus already knew that Jonah had that plan. But Jonah had the plan. 

And so Jonah watched as the people at the party started blowing some whistles. And he watched as all of the people celebrated. And he looked on as outside there was suddenly an explosion. The explosion didn't have fire come out of it, but it was more like imagine like a million bubblegum bubbles popping all at once in the sky, in different directions. And Jonah knew what was happening. The year had arrived. 2222 was here. Antiochus came from space and was here on Earth, and Jonah was going to do something about it. 

The first part of Jonah's plan was the simplest. All he had to do was to sneak out of the party. And so Jonah walked through the hallway of the house, brushing between people, pretending not to see the people look at him and minding his own business, when suddenly he looked at the wall, and on the wall there was a picture. And the picture was of a person. And Jonah looked at the picture, and the picture looked at Jonah. And suddenly the head of the person in the picture on the wall turned into an elephant with a long nose, and the back had people legs. The picture that used to be of a person turned into a picture of that great elephant king, the alien Antiochus. And Jonah looked at the picture, and the picture looked at Jonah. And Jonah was scared because he didn't know how to get to step two of his plan if Antiochus, the great alien king, already saw him. And so Jonah pretended that he knew that the alien king was going to see him all along. And he just smiled at the picture. And he walked just to a different part of the house. And he started to pretend that he didn't see the picture moving and talking to him. 

Jonah decided to go out of the house. He had had enough. He opened the front door and he walked outside, and he was in the driveway of the house. And he looked up and he saw that all of those bubblegum explosions were replaced by purple rips and tears in the sky. And Jonah wanted to know what to do, because it felt like everyone was so happy that the year 2222 arrived with this great alien king with the elephant nose, Antiochus. But the king was really a bad king. And no matter what Jonah's plan was, even if it was sneaking out of a party, the king could see him. And that's how the picture was able to turn from a person to an elephant nose, and that's how it was able to follow him. 

And Jonah looked at the sky, and when he looked at the sky, he saw that the purple tears and rips that were in the sky started to repair themselves and become whole again. And suddenly, all of the stars that should have been in the night sky were replaced by a purple blanket. The blanket was so low, much lower than like outer space or the sky would normally be. If you climbed on something like a tree and got to the top of the tree, you could even touch it. And Jonah could see that the sky was changing. And in the purple blanket, you could see a picture of Antiochus, the alien king, with the giant elephant snout and the people legs, and that it was moving about the purple blanket in the sky, and it looked like it was flashing spherical objects, and that it was kind of turning around and around. And Jonah looked at it, and it made him get kind of dizzy. And it was hard for Jonah to concentrate because there were so many shapes in the sky. And the harder he looked at it, the more it was difficult for him to concentrate. And Jonah was worrying. Maybe this alien, King Antiochus, was controlling his mind with these special shapes. 

Jonah decided not to worry. He looked away from the sky. He looked back in the house. He went back through the front door of the house. He went inside, and he saw that the people were happier than ever. Except this time, everyone was upside down and hanging from the ceiling. And Jonah heard a loud noise and then a burst, and he woke up. It was all a dream. And Jonah and his family lived happily ever after. The end.