Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Alexis. Alexis lived in Silver Spring, Maryland, and she and her friends loved to play fun games at the playground and other places. One day, Alexis was outside with her parents and one of her best friends. While they were walking, Alexis stepped on something shiny and told her friend to look. They saw that it was a bracelet. This shiny bracelet was made of the rarest kind of diamonds called lightning diamonds. Lightning diamonds are very special because they are twinkly, sparkly, and have glitter inside. When you shine a light on them, it looks like there's lightning inside.

Alexis picked up the special lightning diamond bracelet and showed it to her friend and her mom. Her mom said it was probably the most valuable bracelet in all of Maryland, maybe even the whole country. Alexis asked if they should bring it to the police station to see if someone lost it. Her mom agreed, so they went to the police station and asked the officer if anyone had lost this beautiful lightning diamond bracelet. The officer held it up to look at it and almost dropped it, but instead of falling, the bracelet floated and went onto Alexis's wrist by itself.

This was a magical sign. Alexis told her mom that since the bracelet went on her by itself, they should bring it home for a few days to see what happened. The officer agreed, thinking it might have come from a fairy or a different world. So, Alexis, her mom, and her friend walked back to her house. As they walked, the sidewalk started to change colors and grow fur, and the trees became silly with bark on the inside and leaves in reverse shapes. The sky changed colors, the sun flickered on and off, and alicorns (unicorns with wings) started to fly above them. Alexis knew it was because of the magic lightning diamond bracelet on her wrist.

Alexis held her hand high in the air, and many unicorns appeared, flying in spirals and circle-like designs. They were so happy, and the clouds made trumpet sounds instead of thunder. Alexis discovered she could change her hair color just by thinking of a color. When she thought of red, her hair and all the alicorns turned red too. Her parents and friend were amazed.

In this magical land, Alexis found she could float by stepping on the air and use a magical jump rope to go higher in the air. She saw a princess who needed to be rescued and realized she could do it with her lightning diamond bracelet. Alexis used her jump rope to fly up to the tree where the princess was stuck. The princess had climbed too high while chasing a cat and was too scared to come down.

Alexis told the princess to jump through the jump rope and hold onto her feet. Then she spun the jump rope like helicopter propellers, and they floated down to the ground. Everyone in the kingdom cheered and decided to make it a holiday. They would have costume parties and dress-up celebrations to remember the day Alexis saved the princess. And Alexis and her family lived happily ever after. The end.