Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Alexis. Alexis lived in Silver Spring, Maryland, and she and her friends used to always go outside to play some fun games in the playground and also in other places. One day, Alexis was outside with her parents and with one of her best friends. And when Alexis was outside, she stepped over something that was shiny, and she told her friend to look. And Alexis's best friend looked, and they saw that it was a bracelet. The bracelet that they found in the dirt right next to the sidewalk where they were walking, was a very shiny bracelet made out of the rarest kind of diamonds of all, which are called lightning diamonds. Lightning diamonds are the most special kind of diamond because not only are they twinkly, and not only are they sparkly, but the inside also has some kind of glitter. And when you shine a flashlight on it, it looks like there's lightning inside.

Well, Alexis picked up the special lightning diamond bracelet, and she showed it to her friend and to her mom. Her mom said it was probably the most valuable bracelet in the whole of Maryland, maybe even the whole country where they lived. And Alexis asked if they should bring it to the police station to see if somebody lost it. Alexis's mom said that was a good idea. And so they walked over to the police station, and they asked the policeman if he knew if anybody lost this special lightning diamond bracelet, which was so, so beautiful. And the police officer said that he'd have to hold it up to look at it. And when the police officer held it up, he looked in the light, and he could see that the bracelet was able to float because he almost dropped it. But instead of falling down on the floor, the bracelet floated. And when it floated, it floated away from the policeman's hand all the way to Alexis's wrist. And it went on Alexis's wrist by itself.

Well, this was a magical sign. Alexis told her mom that because the bracelet went on her by herself, they should probably bring it home for a few days and to see what happened. And the police officer said that that was a good idea because he didn't think a regular person lost it, that it might have come from a ferry or a different world. And Alexis said, okay. So Alexis and her mom walked back with Alexis's friend, also all the way back to her house. But as they were walking on the regular sidewalks, she could see that the sidewalk was starting to change colors. It was turning red instead of the regular sidewalk color. And the sidewalk was also growing some fur on top of it. And the trees to her right and to Alexis's left were also getting kind of silly. The trees were going inside out, and the bark was on the inside, and the tree was on the outside, and the leaves were in the reverse shape, and the branches all went down instead of up. The world was getting really silly, because as Alexis continued, she didn't see the regular Silver Spring, Maryland, but she saw that the sky was changing colors and that the sun was starting to flicker on and off like a flashlight. And suddenly, if you looked up in the sky, there were some alicorns, which are unicorns with wings, that were starting to fly about, and they were all circling on top of Alexis and her friend and her parents. Alexis knew why the alicorns were flying on top of her. It was because of the magic lightning diamond bracelet that she got and because it went on her wrist by itself.

And so Alexis held her hand high in the air, and there were so many unicorns that started to appear, and it looked like a whole flock of unicorns, almost like birds in the sky when you see a lot of birds together, but unicorns. And they started to fly in spirals and other kinds of circle-like designs. And the unicorns were so happy. And then you could hear a trumpeting sound coming from the clouds when they banged into each other instead of thunder, it was just a nice trumpet sound. Well, Alexis's lightning diamond bracelet sure made things magical. And Alexis noticed that she had the power to change her hair color. All she had to do was think a color, and then her hair would change that color. So Alexis closed her eyes, and she thought of the color red. And automatically, Alexis's hair turned red. And as her hair turned red, not only did her hair turn red, but all of the alicorns that were flying in the sky with their unicorn horns and their magical wings, they turned red, too. And Alexis's parents and her friend were so impressed.

Alexis was walking around the magical land, and she noticed that she could also step on the air, and she would float if she took little steps on top of the ground and that there was a magical jump rope. Where if she kind of spun it around her body like she was jumping, it could make her go higher and higher in the air. And as she got higher and higher by spinning around the jump rope, she saw that there was a princess that needed to be rescued on another part of the magic world. The princess that needed to be rescued could only be rescued by somebody who had the lightning diamond bracelet. And Alexis thought that maybe a prince or somebody would rescue that princess, but she ended up being the one who was able to do it. So Alexis used her jump rope, and she started twirling it as fast as she could until she finally got to the tree where the other princess was stuck. The other princess had gotten stuck in a tree because she was chasing a cat, because she needed to feed the cat some special kitty treats. But she climbed so high in the tree, it was too scary for her to go down.

So Alexis used her jump rope power to fly in the air as she twirled around her jump rope until she got as high as the tree. And then she told the other princess that needed to be rescued to jump through the jump rope and to hold onto her feet. So the other princess held onto her feet. And then Alexis started spinning the jump rope on top of her head like it was helicopter rotors like propellers on top of the helicopter. And that kept them afloat as Alexis, wearing her special lightning diamond bracelet, went down to the ground with the princess that needed to be rescued. And once Alexis did this, all of the people in the kingdom started to dance and cheer. And they decided they would make it a holiday from then and there. And that all of the kids and all of the grownups would wear costume rooms and have dress up parties from that day forward to remember the date when Alexis saved the other princess. And Alexis and her family lived happily ever after. The end.