Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse. And Jesse decided that he was going to dress up in a costume to go to school, because his teacher said that that day all of the kids were going to dress up in costumes. But the problem was that his regular costume, which was a costume of a dinosaur, was kind of dirty. And so he had to ask his mom to make a special costume for him. And his mom sewed together a costume that looked like a bunny rabbit, but it didn't really have such a good tail. And so his mom had to sew on a long white rope that looked a little bit like a jump rope, but it was fluffier. And then Jesse and his mom walked on the sidewalk all the way to his school.

When he got to his school, the first thing he saw that was that the gate, the fence around his school had glitter on it that day. And there were some lights that were on top of his school, and the lights were green and red, and they were flashing. And he also saw that there was jars of candy that were all along the walkway to get to the inside of his school. When Jesse got to the inside of his school, he saw that all of his friends were wearing costumes. Also, one of Jesse's friends was dressed up as a doggie. Another one of Jesse's friends was dressed up as a kitty cat. Jesse was the only one who didn't have a real costume. And Jesse was a little bit sad because that wasn't fair.

Well, Jesse's teacher told Jesse that because he was the only one that didn't have such a real costume, he was going to get to choose which candy he wanted first. And so Jesse stuck his hand into a hat that was full of candy, and he picked the KitKat. Jesse opened up the KitKat, and when he took the first bite of the KitKat, he started to feel that his tail was becoming real. It was a magical KitKat. And Jesse felt like his legs were getting a little bit hoppier, and his shoes fell off, and he got rabbit feet. And Jesse decided he didn't want to stand up anymore. And so he started to bounce on the floor up and down like a rabbit.

And one of Jesse's friends that was wearing the doggy costume said, hey, I want to try that. And he took another bite of the KitKat. And when he took that bite of the KitKat, he started to get some doggy hair, and he couldn't talk anymore. He would just say, Woof, woof. And suddenly, all of the kids in Jesse's preschool, they started dipping their hands in the magic hat, taking out candies and eating them and turning into animals. One of Jesse's friends even turned into a dinosaur. And Jesse's teachers, they started eating the candy. And because they were dressed up as witches, they were now able to do even more magic.

It was a pretty fun day because nobody knew that there was going to be this magical candy in the hat. And when the kids turned into animals, the first thing they decided to do was to have a dance party. And all of the kids started howling and hooting, and they started to jump and tumble, and they started to run much faster than people could run, until the kid that was dressed up as a dinosaur, his tail whacked a bookshelf, and all of the books fell down. And the teacher said, we're not going to need cleanup time today, because she waved her magic wand, and the books went right back on the shelf.

All of the kids wanted to see what Jesse could do because they all wanted to be bunnies. And Jesse said, hey, watch this. And when he said that, he started digging with his front paws, and he was able to make a hole in the floor of his preschool. And the hole went, it became a big tunnel, and it went underground, and Jesse disappeared. And then everyone had the idea of playing hide and go seek. And so all of the kids tried to find Jesse. And the kid that was the best at finding Jesse was the doggie, because doggies have really good noses, and he was able to smell which hole in the ground Jesse rabbit went into.

There was a kitty cat that was waiting by one of the holes. And when Jesse went out, the kitty cat friend pounced Jesse. But Jesse got away because he jumped so high. And then when Jesse got away because he bounced so high, he whacked the kitty cat with his tail so the kitty cat wouldn't do that again. And then the dinosaur told Jesse that he was going to be on Jesse's team. And Jesse and the dinosaur teamed up so nobody would want to catch Jesse bunny.

All of the kids who were dressed up as animals, they decided they would build a big tower, and they got lots of blocks. And because Jesse had the best jumping powers, he was able to jump to the top of the tower to put a block even higher than kids could reach. But the dinosaur made it fall down again because the dinosaur wasn't so careful with his tail. And so the teacher that was dressed up as a witch used her magic wand to make the tower go back.

Suddenly it was time for the kids to go outside. And all of the kids were like, Yay, let's go outside. And they went so fast, they knocked down the whole wall to their preschool. And the wall fell down and they were all racing to go on the swings and the slides. And Jesse just jumped on top of the monkey bars and jumped from one to the other. But when they were outside, there were some squirrels that saw all the kids that had turned into animals, and those squirrels wanted to play also. So the squirrels kept trying to go on the slide first, and they tried to dig in the sandbox and use all of the things before the other kids could. And that wasn't so nice.

So the witch, who was Jesse's teacher, told all of the kids that playtime was going to be over and she was going to turn everyone back into regular kids. And so she waved her magic wand and all of the kids turned right back into regular kids with costumes. And when the squirrels saw that it was just regular kids, they ran away and stopped trying to go on the slides first and the swings first and using all of the buckets and shovels in the sandbox.

And for the rest of the day, Jesse and his friends had so much fun. And Jesse and Jonah and his whole family lived happily ever after. The end.