Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Audrey. Audrey grew up in the circus and lived in a huge circus tent. The circus had elephants that could stand on their back legs. It also had a giraffe that could reach all the way up to the roof of the tent with his head. The giraffe had the longest tongue in the world, and when he stuck it out, it made all the kids at the circus laugh.

Audrey had an important job in the circus. Her job was to collect tickets from all the kids who came to see the fun circus animals. One day, while Audrey was standing in front of the big tent, a bunny rabbit came up to her and said, "Audrey, I want to be in the circus. Can I join?" Audrey asked, "Well, can you do anything silly?" The bunny rabbit replied, "Yes, but first you have to close your eyes." Audrey covered her eyes with her hands.

As soon as she covered her eyes, she heard the rabbit thump around and maybe jump up and down two times. When the rabbit landed, he said, "Okay, Audrey, open your eyes." Audrey opened her eyes and saw the bunny rabbit wearing socks on its hands and gloves on its feet. The bunny rabbit said, "Please let me join the circus, because I know how to wear shoes and socks on my hands, and I know how to wear gloves and mittens on my feet." Audrey agreed that it was very silly, but the rabbit would have to learn special tricks for the circus.

The rabbit said, "Okay, I can learn even more special tricks." Audrey cheered, "Yay!" So the rabbit joined the circus, and the lady in charge of all the animals was Audrey's mom. Audrey's mom told her that the next stop for the circus was the Amazon rainforest. They had to pack up the whole tent and put all the animals in big trucks to take them to a boat that would sail across the ocean to South America, where the Amazon rainforest is located.

Audrey asked, "How are we going to clean up all this mess? There are so many animals, the tent is huge, and there's popcorn and garbage on the ground." Just then, the bunny rabbit said, "I can help because I'm the fastest cleaning bunny rabbit." Audrey's mom asked the rabbit to show them his trick. The bunny rabbit said, "Okay, put your hands up." Audrey and her mom put their hands up, and the bunny rabbit quickly cleaned up all the popcorn, hot dogs, and garbage on the floor. He also showed all the animals how to leave the tent and go to the trucks outside.

When they put their hands down, Audrey and her mom saw that the rabbit had cleaned the whole tent so quickly that there wasn't even a single crumb on the ground. Audrey asked the bunny rabbit how he did it, and the rabbit told her that he used to live in the Amazon rainforest. There, he swam in a special lake that could turn any animal or kid into a superhero. All you had to do was decide what you wanted your superpower to be while swimming in the lake.

The bunny rabbit told Audrey that when he was just a baby bunny, his mama bunny took him to this special lake in the Amazon rainforest. He swam in the lake and decided his superpower would be to be the fastest cleaner in the world. Audrey said, "That's so exciting because we're about to go to the Amazon rainforest!" The bunny rabbit cheered, "Yay!"

The next day, the bunny rabbit, Audrey, and Audrey's mom began their boat journey to the Amazon rainforest. The captain of the boat wore a captain's hat and a white jacket, and his shoes were made out of coffee cups. He was a silly captain who made lots of jokes. Whenever he tried to catch fish with his fishing rod, he only caught bubbles that popped when he pulled them out of the water. Audrey thought it was funny because the captain wasn't a good fisherman.

A few days later, they arrived at the Amazon rainforest. There were huge trees, little rivers, and many unique creatures, like furry fish and fish with yellow hair. Audrey found a good spot for the tent and asked the bunny rabbit to help set it up. As the bunny rabbit set up the tent, he told Audrey about the magical lake that gave everyone superpowers. It was right behind the tent!

Audrey, her mom, and the bunny rabbit went to the secret lake behind the circus tent. The lake was frozen, so they couldn't swim in it. The bunny rabbit said they needed to put toothpaste on the ice to unfreeze it. Audrey and her mom squeezed toothpaste onto the ice, and the lake turned into water.

Audrey went into the water first and decided her superpower would be to bake any yummy treat she wanted just by snapping her fingers and pressing her belly button. The treats would appear in the air and float, so she could give them to kids at the circus.

All the other animals wanted superpowers too, so they swam in the lake and gained amazing abilities. From then on, Audrey's circus was known as the Magical Rainforest Circus, and Audrey and her family lived happily ever after. The end.