Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Audrey. Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Audrey. I'm six year old. I live in Frankfurt, Illinois. I would like a story about bunny's baking, swimming. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a girl named Audrey who lives in Frankfurt, Illinois, and who turns seven years old today on March 19. And so we want to say happy birthday, Audrey. And Audrey asked for us to make up a story that includes bunny rabbits, baking, and swimming. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Audrey. Audrey grew up in the circus and lived in a big, big circus tent. The circus had elephants that could stand on their back legs. And the circus also had a giraffe that was able to reach all the way up to the roof of the tent with his head. And the giraffe had the longest tongue in the world, and the giraffe could stick his tongue out and say and it was so silly because it made all the kids who went to the circus laugh. Well, Audrey had an important job in the circus. Her job was to collect tickets for all the kids who went to the circus to see all of the fun circus animals. One day, while Audrey was standing in front of the big tent and telling everybody that they needed to give her a ticket if they wanted to go inside the circus, there was a bunny rabbit who came up to the tent, and the bunny rabbit said to Audrey, audrey, I want to be in the circus. Can I join? And Audrey said, well, are you able to do anything silly? And the bunny rabbit said, yeah, but first you have to close your eyes. And so Audrey looked at the bunny rabbit, and the bunny rabbit said, your eyes aren't closed yet. And Audrey covered her eyes with her hands. And just as she covered her eyes with her hands, she heard the rabbit thump thump about and maybe jump up and down two times. When the rabbit got back on the ground, he said, okay, Audrey, open your eyes. And when Audrey opened her eyes, she saw that the bunny rabbit was wearing socks on its hands and gloves on its feet. And the bunny rabbit said, please let me go into the circus, because I know how to wear shoes and socks on my hands, and I know how to wear gloves and mittens on my feet. And Audrey said that that was very silly, but that the rabbit would have to learn how to do special tricks for the circus. So the rabbit said, okay, I could learn how to do even more special tricks. And Audrey said, yay. So the rabbit got into the circus, and the lady who is in charge of all of the animals was Audrey's mom. And Audrey's mom told Audrey that the next stop for the circle for the circus was going to be the Amazon rainforest. So they had to pack up the whole tent and they had to put all of the animals in big animal trucks and take them to a boat that would go sail over the ocean all the way to South America where the Amazon rainforest is located. And Audrey said, well, how are we going to clean up all this mess because there's so many animals and the tent is so big, and some people spilled popcorn on the ground and there's so much garbage. And just as she said that, the bunny rabbit said, I could help because I'm the fastest cleaning bunny rabbit. And Audrey's mom said, Show us your trick. And the bunny rabbit said, okay, put your hands up. And Audrey and her mom put their hands up. And the bunny rabbit went WH. And just as he did that, he very quickly, lickety split, cleaned up all of the popcorn on the floor, even some hot dogs that fell down, and he helped show all of the animals how to go out of the tent. And then very, very quickly, the bunny rabbit showed all of the animals how to go to the trucks outside of the tent. And then he said, okay, Audrey, and okay, Audrey's mom, put your hands down. And Audrey and their mom and her mom put their hands down. And they saw that the rabbit really did clean up the whole tent so quickly. And the tent was so, so clean, there wasn't even any little crumb on the ground. And Audrey said, how did you do that to the bunny rabbit? And the bunny rabbit told Audrey that it used to grow up in the Amazon rainforest, and it once went in a special lake in the Amazon rainforest that would enable any animal and any kid to turn into a superhero. All you had to do when you go in the lake was to decide what you wanted your superhero power to be. And then when you started to swim in the lake, that's what your superpower would be. So the bunny rabbit told Audrey that when it was just a little baby bunny rabbit, its mama bunny took it to this special lake in the Amazon rainforest and it swam in the lake and it decided its superpower would be it wanted to be the fastest cleaner in the world. And Audrey said, oh, that's so exciting because we're about to go to the Amazon rainforest. And the bunny said, Yay. The next day, the bunny rabbit and Audrey and Audrey's mom started taking the boat all the way to the Amazon rainforest. The captain of the boat wore a captain's hat and he had a white jacket on and shoes that were made out of coffee cups. And he was such a silly captain because he made a lot of jokes. And whenever he would try to go fishing and he would have a fishing rod, and he would try to catch fish. He was never able to catch fish. The only thing that he was ever able to catch were bubbles. And bubbles would get attached to the hook on his fishing rod, and when he would pull it out of the water, the bubbles would pop. And Audrey thought that was so silly because the captain really was not a good fisherman. But finally, a few days later, they got to the Amazon rainforest and they saw that there were such big trees and there were lots of little rivers, and there were some fish that looked like little monsters, but not scary kinds of monsters. It's only scary if you're a worm. But for people and kids, the kind of fish monsters just look like silly, because there were fish that had fur on them. There were fish that grew hair, and their hair was yellow. There was even a fish that had people ears, because in the Amazon rainforest, there's lots of special creatures. Well, Audrey told her mom that she found a good place to put the tent. And she asked the bunny rabbit, since it was so good at cleaning up, if it could help set up the circus tent. And the bunny rabbit said yes. As the bunny rabbit was setting up the circus tent, he said, Audrey, I found that magical lake that I was telling you about that gives everyone superpowers, and it's right behind the tent. And Audrey went behind the tent, following the bunny rabbit. And Audrey's mom came as well. And when they got into the secret lake right behind the circus tent, they saw that it was made out of an ice cube, and you couldn't even swim in it because it was all ice, so how could you even go in? And Audrey and her mom said, I don't think we're going to be able to become superheroes today, because the lake is frozen and it's ice on it. But the bunny rabbit told Audrey that really, if you wanted it to be a magical lake, then you have to get it to unfreeze. And Audrey said, well, how do we get it to unfreeze? And the bunny rabbit said, we have to put toothpaste on it. So Audrey got a little bit of toothpaste and her mom helped her squeeze some out into the magic lake. And the lake got unfrozen and turned into water. Audrey decided that she would go in the water first with her mom watching, and she decided to think about her superpowers. And Audrey, when she was in the lake, she decided her super power would be that she could bake any yummy kind of cake or muffin or cookie that she wanted. And all she had to do was bake it was to snap her fingers and also press her belly button. And then whatever kind of food she wanted would have to appear in the air in front of her and float. And this way, if other kids came to the circus and they asked for, like, a cookie or a birthday cake, all they had to do was say, okay, I want a birthday cake. And then Audrey would snap her fingers, press her belly button, and a birthday cake would come out. Well, she had so much fun with her superpower, but all the other animals wanted to have superpowers too. So the elephant went in the lake, and the elephant decided to have a superpower where the elephant could float in the air. And there were all sorts of different animals that went in the lake, and they got so many superpowers. And from then on, the circus that Audrey lived in was the magical Rainforest Circus. And Audrey and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Donnia. Makeup Stories is the best podcast. Stevie tell your friends.