Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Andy. Andy had just gotten a new kitty cat for his birthday. The new kitty cat was scared to go all over the house, so it stayed just in one room, which was Andy's dad and mom's room. Andy would hear the kitty cat meow, and he would go in the room to check it out, but he would try not to talk out loud during it.

Andy was five years old, and he lived in a house with his mom, dad, and baby sister. For his fifth birthday, his parents told him that he was going to get something very special. They showed him a box with gift wrapping on it and told him to unwrap it. As Andy started to open the box, he heard a noise inside the box. The noise went "meow." Andy said, "I think I know what it is." His mom asked, "What do you think it is?" Andy replied, "I know." Andy's little baby sister asked, "What is it?" Andy said, "It's gonna be a kitty cat." He finished unwrapping the present, and out came the kitty cat.

Andy also got some other things, like kitty litter, kitty cat toys, kitty food, and a cat scratcher. His mom told him that little kitty cats are sometimes afraid when they go to new houses because people are so big. To a kitty cat, a person looks like a bear since it's so big. So his mom said, for the first day, and maybe even for the first few days, they were going to keep the cat in their room. Andy said, "No fair. I wanted him in my room." His mom said, "Soon enough, Andy, the cat will be in your room also."

That night, Andy's mom put the cat in her room with the kitty litter and all the kitty toys. As Andy was going to sleep, he heard some meowing. The next morning, when Andy woke up, he saw that his mom's door was open. He asked, "Mom, where's the kitty cat?" His mom was just waking up, and she said, "Andy, look, your door is open, and Dad's not here." Andy asked, "Where's Dad?" He heard a shower, went to the bathroom, and saw that his dad was in the shower. Andy told his mom, "Mom, Dad's in the shower, and he left the door open. I think the kitty cat escaped."

It was still pretty early in the morning, and so it wasn't so light outside. Andy's mom said, "Oh, no, now let's go check around." Andy said, "Hold on. Let me get my flashlight." He went and reached up and got his red flashlight, and he turned the on button, but it wasn't working because it had no batteries left. Andy told his mom they would have to search for the kitty cat and turn on all the lights in the house. But Andy tried to turn on a light, and his mom tried to turn on a different light, and none of the lights would turn on. Andy asked, "Is it a blackout?" His mom said yes.

Just then, Andy's baby sister woke up, and his mom picked her up. His mom knocked on the shower door and told his dad to get out of the shower because it was an emergency. The kitty cat was missing. Andy told his family not to worry because he had an idea. His family asked, "What's your idea?" Andy said, "Well, in my room, there's a lantern that you have to put a candle in. You light the candle, and it stays in the lantern. Then you walk around with the candle, and that will provide some light. So it's like a flashlight, but it doesn't need batteries, and it doesn't need electricity, so you could just use it during a blackout." His mom said, "That's such a good idea."

His dad put a towel around him and asked, "How are we even going to light the lantern with the candle?" Andy told his dad they would have to go to the kitchen and turn on the stove and put the wick right by the stove where the fire was, and that's how they would light it. His dad told Andy, "You're such a smart boy." Andy told his dad that he had to do it, or his mom had to do it because kids shouldn't play with fire. His mom agreed.

They lit the candle, and Andy put it in his lantern, and they started looking around. They looked behind a couch, in the kitchen, and in the dining room, but they didn't find the cat. They went all the way downstairs, and the mom said, "I hear something." Everyone was quiet, and they heard a little meow. They followed the noise and went all the way down to the basement.

When they got to the basement, it was so dark, so Andy's father led the way, and Andy held the lantern, which was a special kind of lantern that couldn't cause a fire, even though it had a fire in it, because it had glass around it so it couldn't spill. They got to the laundry room, and Andy said, "I have an idea for where to check." He put his lantern in the washing machine, which wasn't full of clothing. And do you know what he saw? The kitty cat.

The kitty cat was hiding in the washing machine. As soon as it saw Andy, the kitty cat was so happy again, and it jumped out of the washing machine where it wasn't wet because the washing machine wasn't on. It jumped right onto Andy's mom. Andy's mom helped put the kitty cat down, and Andy got some treats for the kitty cat. After that, Andy had saved the day by finding the kitty cat with his lantern.

They decided that after the blackout was over, they would turn on all the lights and let the kitty cat roam the house freely. But while the blackout was going on, Andy told his dad to remember about the power generator that they got and put in the backyard. They went out to the power generator, turned it on, and it made a big motor noise. Then the electricity came back on in the house, and it powered the fridge, the freezer, and a lot of lights. So the kitty cat was having fun. Soon the blackout was over, and electricity came back on from outside, and they could turn the power generator off.

Andy and his baby sister, his mom, dad, and the kitty cat lived happily ever after. The end.