Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Andy. And Andy had just gotten a new kitty cat for his birthday. And the new kitty cat was scared to go all over the house. And so it stayed just in one room, which was Andy's dad, as and mama's room. And Andy would hear the kitty cat meow, and he would go in the room to check it out, but he would try not to talk out loud during it. Okay, I'm going to start over. You could ask questions and stuff, but don't talk about separate things. Yeah, okay, I got to start over. Once upon a time, there was a big boy whose name was Andy. And Andy was five years old, and Andy lived in a house with his mama, dada and baby sister. And Andy just turned five years old. So for his fifth birthday, his parents told him that he was going to get something very special. And he said, what is it? And his parents showed him that there was a box, and it had gift wrapping on it. And they said, you have to unwrap the box. Well, Andy started to open the box, and as he did that, he heard a noise inside the box. And the noise went meow. And Andy said, I think I know what it is. And his mama said, what do you think it is? And Andy said, I know. And Andy's little baby sister said, what is it? And Andy said, It's gonna be a kitty cat. And he finished unwrapping the present, and out came the kitty cat. And he also got some other things. Like, for example, he got kitty litter. He got some kitty cat toys. He got some kitty food, and he got a cat scratcher. And his mom told him that little kitty cats are sometimes afraid when they go to new houses because people are so big. And to a kitty cat, a person looks like a bear since it's so big. And so his mom said, for the first day, and maybe even for the first few days, we're going to keep him in our room. And Andy said, no fair. I wanted him in my room. And his mom said, soon enough, Andy, the cat will be in your room also. Well, that night, Andy's mama put the cat in her room with the kitty litter and all the kitty toys. And as Andy was going to sleep, he heard some meowing. The next morning, when Andy woke up, he saw that his mom's door was open. And he said, mom, where's the kitty cat? And his mom was just waking up, and she said and Andy said, look, your door is open, and Dad's not here. And the mom said what? Where's dad? And Andy heard a shower, and he went to the bathroom and saw that his dad was in the shower. And Andy told his mom, mom, dad's in the shower, and he left the door open, and I think the kitty cat escaped. Well, it was still pretty early in the morning, and so it wasn't so light outside. And the mom said, oh, no, now let's go check around. And Andy said, Hold on. Let me get my flashlight. And he went and reached up and got his red flashlight, and he turned the on button, but it wasn't working because it had no batteries left. And he told his mom, we're going to have to search for the kitty cat and turn on all the lights in the house. But Andy tried to turn on a light, and his mom tried to turn on a different light, and none of the lights would turn out. Andy said, Is it a blackout? And his mom said yes. Just then, Andy's baby sister woke up, and his mom picked him up, and his mom knocked on the shower door and told his dad to get out of the shower because it was an emergency. The kitty cat was missing. Well, Andy told his family not to worry because he had an idea. And his family said, well, what's your idea? And Andy said, well, in my room, there's a lantern that you have to put a candle in. And you light the candle, and it stays in the lantern. And then you walk around with a candle, and that will provide some light. So it's like a flashlight, but it doesn't need batteries, and it doesn't need electricity, so you could just use it during a blackout. And his mom said, that's such a good idea. His dad put a towel around him. And his dad said, how are we even going to light the lantern with the candle? And Andy told his dad they would have to go to the kitchen and turn on the stove and put the wick right by the stove where the fire was, and that's how they would light it. And his dad told Andy, you're such a smart boy. So Andy told his dad that he had to do it, or his mom had to do it because kids shouldn't play with fire. And his mom said, you're right, Andy. So they lit the candle, and Andy put it in his lantern, and they started looking around. And first they looked behind a couch, and they didn't hear anything. And then they looked in the kitchen, and they opened up one of the cabinets, and Andy thought he saw something. But then they put the lantern in, and it turned out that it was just a pot. Well, they kept searching through the dining room, and they didn't find the cat under the table or in any of the chairs. And they went all the way downstairs, and the mom said, I hear something. And Andy and everyone was quiet, and mom heard a little meow. And they followed the noise and went all the way down to the basement. When they got to the basement, it was so dark, so Andy's father led the way, and Andy held the lantern, because it was a special kind of lantern that couldn't cause a fire, even though it had a fire in it, because it had glass around it so it couldn't spill. And finally, they got to the laundry room. When they got to the laundry room, Andy said, I have an idea for where to check. And he put his lantern in the washing machine, which wasn't full of clothing. And do you know what he saw? Kitty cat. The kitty cat. And the kitty cat was hiding in the washing machine. Well, as soon as it saw Andy, the kitty cat was so happy again, and it jumped out of the washing machine where it wasn't wet, because the washing machine wasn't on. And it jumped right onto Andy's mama. Andy's mama helped put the kitty cat down, and Andy got some treats for the kitty cat. After that, Andy had saved the day by finding the kitty cat with his lantern. They decided they decided that after the blackout was over, they would turn on all the lights and let the kitty cat roam the house freely. But while the blackout was going, andy told his dad to remember about the power generator that they got and put in the backyard. And they went out and went to the power generator and turned it on, and it made a big motor noise. And then the electricity came back on in the house, and it powered the fridge and the freezer and a lot of lights. So the kitty cat was having fun. And then soon the blackout was over, and electricity came back on from outside, and they could turn the power generator off. And Andy and his baby sister, his mama, daddy and his we're going to be able to have our power generator light up some. That's right. And Andy's whole family lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. If you want me to make up a special story for you, then tell me three special things you want to be in the story and your name and write a review. I'll make up a special story just for you.