Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse lived in a land where it was turning spring and all of the trees were starting to grow little gummy worms instead of leaves. As the spring was starting, the days were getting longer. You could see that after the sun went down, there was still a big light bulb in the sky in between the moon and the sun. The big light bulb in the sky was always a mystery because how could there be a light bulb in the sky at night? It's normal for there to be stars that you could see and a moon, and it could be cloudy sometimes, but you don't really see a flashlight in the sky.

Jonah and Jesse used to have some guesses. One of the guesses was that there was a big spider that lived in the clouds. The spider was a white spider, so it was kind of camouflaged with the clouds and it was hard to see. The spider made a big spider web between some of the clouds. Someone threw up a big flashlight a long time ago, and it got stuck in that part of the sky and was shining down. There were some kids who believed in that story, but most of the older kids knew it couldn't be true, because wouldn't the cloud move? Or how could a little flashlight that was stuck in a spider web be enough to light up the whole sky at night?

Jonah and Jesse decided they were going to investigate the mystery of the flashlight in the sky. Jesse was the first one that had a very good idea. Jesse told Jonah that they should wait until it was nighttime. When it was nighttime, as it got darker, they would look at the first second that they could see the flashlight in the sky to see if it turned on all at once or if it came on slowly. They waited out way past dinner time when kids put on pajamas, and they started to look in the sky. As the sky got darker and darker, suddenly Jonah pointed up and he could see that the flashlight turned on but it didn't just turn on automatically. For one second, the whole sky became full of mirrors. For just one second, if you looked up at the sky right as the sun was setting, there was no flashlight on, but the sky was full of mirrors. Jonah told Jesse that that was a clue. There was something that was going on. They were being tricked. Maybe it was a fake sky that they were seeing and the real sky was somewhere else. Or maybe they lived in a big, big bubble that was so big, they couldn't even see the other side.

Jonah and Jesse kept trying to explain this to all of the grownups. The grownups didn't know why there was a flashlight in the sky either. There were all sorts of newspaper reporters and scientists that were going to the city to check, why is there a flashlight in the sky? As the spring got warmer and the plants started to grow, the flashlight in the sky started to change colors. One day after it got dark, the flashlight turned red. The next day, the wind was blowing and it carried some red dust. Then there was another day later in the spring when all of the caterpillars turned into butterflies and they got wings. At that part of the spring, the light in the sky, instead of being round, turned into a square. It made a square light that shined down in a particular part of the forest near their house.

Jonah and Jesse decided that they should go with their parents to the part of the forest where the light was pointing. They took a big car ride past a lot of different bridges, and they had to park on the edge of a forest. Their parents got some backpacks to pack some snacks, and Jonah and Jesse started hiking through the forest. They waited till they got to the middle of the forest for when it was nighttime. Then suddenly they looked up, and they could see that the sky turned into mirrors and the purple light turned on. It was in the shape of a square, and it shined down right in front of them at the edge of a tree. Jesse pointed to the tree and said, "There's where the light goes." Jonah got out his shovel, and he started to dig around the tree.

The more Jonah dug in the tree, the more weird it became. First, the soil turned into sand. Every scoop that he scooped up was like black dirt. By the time he put it back down, it turned into sand. Second of all, all of the gummy worms that were growing on the tree's leaves fell down like they were shaken off. Third of all, as Jonah was digging, every time he took a scoop of dirt from the edge of the tree, another scoop of dirt got lifted up automatically. Jonah and Jesse started to dig together. Because it worked so fast, before long, they made a big hole next to the tree. In the hole, they found a treasure box. The treasure box looked purple, just like the light that came from the flashlight in the night sky. The treasure box had a sign on it that said, "Do not open."

But Jesse said it would be a good idea to open it anyway. Jonah and Jesse asked for their parents' help, and the whole family opened up the purple square box. Inside the treasure box, they found a blanket. The blanket looked like a really bad blanket. It wasn't soft, it was very hard and kind of scratchy feeling. It had holes in it, and it kind of smelled a little bit like it had dirt all over it. Jonah said, "Someone must have taken the treasure out of the treasure box because there's just this old blanket that has holes in it and that smells bad and that isn't even comfortable." Jesse picked up the blanket and said, "Well, where's the treasure?" Just as he picked up the blanket, Jesse's whole hand turned invisible. Jonah said, "Where'd your hand go, Jesse?" Jesse put down the blanket, and his hand reappeared.

That old blanket that had the holes in it and that wasn't comfortable was actually a magic blanket. Jonah, Jesse, and their parents, Steve and Amanda, all sat down and crossed their legs on top of the magic blanket that looked so old and dirty but was actually helping them be invisible. When they got to be invisible and they were sitting on the magic blanket, the magic blanket started to lift them up. When they looked into the sky this time, they could see they really were living in a bubble. There was the top of the bubble on top of them, and it was separating them from the rest of the world. Jonah and Jesse directed the magic blanket to go all the way up to the top of the sky to where they saw the flashlight was stuck. When they unscrewed the flashlight, the whole bubble that they were living in went away. Suddenly, Jonah and Jesse could see the real night sky. Finally, they saw the Big Dipper, which is a constellation of stars, a pattern of stars that they didn't see when there was just the fake bubble on top of them.

When they got back down to the village, people said that they saw what Jonah and Jesse did and how they saved the day and connected them to the rest of the world again. Jonah and Jesse became heroes in their town. They lived happily ever after. The end.