Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Olivo go to Makeup stories.com to join the makeup club. Yeah. Nayo AI. Tonight's makesup story is a request from my sons Jonah and Jesse, who live with me and their mom, my wife Amanda in Wanica, New Zealand. And Jonah and Jesse asked for me to make up a story that includes a blanket that's magical and can make you invisible and can also make you float and fly in the air. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse lived in a land where it was turning spring and all of the trees were starting to grow little gummy worms instead of leaves. And as the spring was starting, the days were getting longer. And you can see that after the sun went down, there was still a big light bulb in the sky in between the moon and the sun. And the big light bulb in the sky was always a mystery because how could there be a light bulb in the sky at night? Like it's normal for there to be stars that you could see and a moon, and it could be cloudy sometimes, but you don't really see a flashlight in the sky. And it was always a big mystery why in this one part of the world, when you looked up, you could see a flashlight. And Jonah and Jesse used to have some guesses. One of the guesses was that there was a big spider that lived in the clouds. And the spider was a white spider, so it was kind of camouflaged with the clouds and it was hard to see. And the spider made a big spider web between some of the clouds. And somebody threw up like a big flashlight a long time ago, and it got stuck in that part of the sky and was shining down. There were some kids who believed in that story, but most of the older kids knew it couldn't be true, because wouldn't the cloud move? Or how could a little flashlight that was stuck in a spider web, how could that be enough to power up the whole sky at night? And so Jonah and Jesse decided they were going to investigate the mystery, the mystery of the flashlight in the sky. Jesse was the first one that and he had a very good idea. Jesse told Jonah that they should wait until it was nighttime. And when it was nighttime, as it got darker, they would look at the first 2nd that they could see the flashlight in the sky to see if it turned on all at once or if it came on slowly. And so they waited out way past dinner time at the time when kids get on pajamas, and they started to look in the sky. And as the sky got darker and darker, suddenly Jonah pointed up and he could see that the flashlight turned on but it didn't just turn on automatically. Like, 1 second, it's off, and the other second, it's on. When the flashlight first turned on, there was 1 second when the whole entire sky became, like, full of mirrors. And for just 1 second, if you looked up at the sky, like, right as the sun was setting, then there was no flashlight on, but the sky was full of mirrors. And Jonah told Jesse that that was a clue. There was something that was going on. They were being tricked. Like, maybe it was a fake sky that they were seeing and the real sky was somewhere else. Or maybe, like, they lived in a big, big bubble that was so big, they couldn't even see on the other side. But they knew that something was going on. And Jonah and Jesse kept trying to explain this to all of the grownups. And the grownups didn't know why there was a flashlight in the sky either. And there were all sorts of newspaper reporters and scientists that were going to the city to check, why is there a flashlight in the sky? And as the spring got warmer and the plants started to grow, the flashlight in the sky started to change colors. One day after it got dark, the flashlight turned red. And after it turned red, the next day, the wind, when the wind was blowing, it was carrying some red dust. And then there was another day later in the spring, like the time when all of the caterpillars turn into butterflies and they get wings. Like at that part of the spring, the light in the sky, instead of being round, it turned into a square. And it made a square light that shined down in a particular part of the forest near their house. And so Jonah and Jesse decided that they should go with their parents to the part of the forest where the light was pointing. And they took a big car ride past a lot of different bridges, and they had to park on the edge of a forest. And then their parents got some backpacks to pack some snack, and Jonah and Jesse started hiking through the forest. They waited till they got to the middle of the forest for when it was nighttime. And then suddenly they looked up, and they can see that the sky turned into mirrors and the purple light turned on, and it was in the shape of a square, and it shined down right in front of them at the edge of a tree. And so Jesse pointed to the tree and said, there's where the light goes. And Jonah got out his shovel, and he started to dig around the tree. The more Jonah dug in the tree, the more weird it became. First, the soil. The dirt that Jonah was digging started to turn into sand. Every scoop that he scooped up was like black dirt. And then by the time he put it back down, it turned into sand. And second of all, all of the gummy worms that were growing on the tree's leaves, the second Jonah started to dig, they all fell down like they were shaken off. And third of all, as Jonah was digging, every one time he took a scoop of dirt from the edge of the tree. There was another scoop of dirt that got lifted up automatically. And so Jonah and Jesse started to dig together. And because it worked so fast, before long, they made a big hole next to the tree. And in the hole, they found a treasure box. The treasure box looked purple also, just like the light that came from the flashlight in the night sky. And the treasure box had a sign on it. And the sign said, do not open. But Jesse said it would be a good idea to open it anyway. So Jonah and Jesse asked for their parents help, and the whole family opened up the purple square box. And inside the treasure box, they found a blanket. The blanket looked like a really bad blanket. Like it wasn't even soft. It was very hard and kind of scratchy feeling. And it had holes in it. And it kind of smelled a little bit like it smelled like it had, like, dirt all over it. And Jono is like, somebody must have taken the treasure out of the treasure box, because there's just this old blanket that has holes in it and that smells bad and that isn't even comfortable. And Jesse picked up the blanket and said, well, where's the treasure? Just as he picked up the blanket, jesse's whole hand turned invisible. And Jonah said, where'd your hand go, Jesse? And Jesse put down the blanket, and his hand reappeared. Well, that old blanket that had the holes in it and that wasn't comfortable, that was actually a magic blanket. And so Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda all sat down and they crossed their legs on top of the magic blanket that looked so old and dirty, but was actually helping them be invisible. And when they got to be invisible and they were sitting on the magic blanket, the magic blanket started to lift them up. And when they looked into the sky this time, they could see they really were living in a bubble. There was, like, the top of the bubble on top of them, and it was separating them from the rest of the world. And so Jonah and Jesse directed the magic blanket to go all the way up to the top of the sky to where they saw the flashlight was stuck. And when they unscrewed the flashlight, what happened was the whole bubble that they were living in went away. And suddenly Jonah and Jesse could see the real night sky. And finally they saw the big Dipper, which is a constellation of stars, a pattern of stars that they didn't see when there was just the fake bubble on top of them. And when they got back down to the village, people said that they saw what Jonah and Jesse did and how they saved the day and connected them to the rest of the world again. And Jonah and Jesse became heroes in their town. And they lived happily ever after. The endo. My name is Kencho. Thank you for listening to makeup's threes. If you want to be part of the club, go to makeup threes.com. Tell your friends.