Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a three and a half-year-old boy named Beckett. Beckett was very excited because his birthday was coming up. When his birthday arrived, he woke up and said, "Birthday day." Everyone in his family said, "Birthday, birthday." It was Beckett's fourth birthday. Just as he woke up, he got something very yummy for breakfast - pancakes with maple syrup and chocolate chips. Beckett knew it was going to be a good day.

Suddenly, Beckett heard the doorbell ring. He said, "Mom, Dad, someone's at the door." Beckett's mom and dad went to the door, and Beckett helped them open it. Guess what they saw? A construction worker dressed in construction clothes, a hat, a vest, and big boots. The construction worker said he needed to install a new magic door. Beckett was surprised and said, "I didn't know we're getting a new door." His mom and dad explained, "Beckett, this door is a birthday present for you. The construction man will take off our old front door, give it to someone else, and we'll get a new magic door." Beckett said, "Okay."

The construction worker removed the old door and brought out the new magic door from his truck. The new door was glow-in-the-dark and had special lights inside that could change colors. It also had a special mirror that showed hidden froggies everywhere. It was a very special magical door.

Once the door was installed, Beckett suggested they try it out. They said goodbye to the construction worker and opened the magic door. As they opened it, they heard music playing, like "Wheels on the Bus." Instead of seeing the outside, they saw a candy store! Beckett closed the door in disbelief and decided to imagine a toy store. When he opened the door again, there was a toy store!

The toy store had trains, racing cars, unicorns, and Pegasus toys. In this toy store, kids were in charge, and grownups had to do whatever the kids said. Beckett took his parents into the toy store, and they agreed to listen to him. Beckett said that since it was his birthday, he would get gifts, but his parents wouldn't. They agreed.

Beckett's parents held his hand as they looked at all the toys. Beckett chose a big stuffed unicorn and a big stuffed Pegasus. His parents reached up and got them for him, then put them in a shopping cart. Beckett also asked for a ride in the cart, and his parents agreed.

One of the most fun things in the toy store was a machine that could turn stuffed animals into real, living creatures. Beckett put his stuffed unicorn in the machine, and it turned into a real-life unicorn! Then, he put the stuffed Pegasus in the machine, and it turned into a real-life Pegasus!

The Pegasus told Beckett that the toy store was going to close soon, so they should go home and come back another day. Beckett agreed and said he could just open the magic door again to return. They went back into their house, and it was time for Beckett to blow out the candles on his cake. Beckett enjoyed some yummy cake and had a very happy birthday. Beckett and his family, including the Pegasus and unicorn, lived happily ever after. The end.