Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a three and a half-year-old boy whose name was Beckett. Beckett was very excited because it was about to be his birthday. And so when it was his birthday, he woke up and said, "Birthday day." And everyone in his family said, "Birthday, birthday." And it was really Beckett's fourth birthday. Just as he woke up, he got something very yummy for breakfast. It was pancakes with maple syrup. And Beckett really liked that this was his birthday and it was going to be a good day. And the pancakes had chocolate chips in them, so they were so yummy for Beckett.

And Beckett heard a ding-dong on the doorbell, so he said, "Mom, Dad, someone's at the door." And Beckett's mom and dad went to the door and Beckett helped them open it up. And do you know what they saw, bud? What? They saw that it was a construction worker that was dressed up in construction worker clothes and a construction worker hat and construction worker vests and big construction worker boots. And the construction worker went to their house because he said he needed to install a new magic door. And Beckett said, "I didn't know we're getting a new door." And Beckett's mom and Beckett's dad said, "Beckett, this door is a birthday present for you. So the construction man is just going to take off our old front door and then he's going to take that away and give it to someone else, and we're going to get a new magic door." And Beckett said, "Okay."

And so the construction man took off the other door that Beckett had on his house. And after he was finished taking it off, he went to his construction truck and he brought out the new magic door. The new magic door was a glow-in-the-dark door, and it had special lights that were in the inside of the door and went from top to bottom and could change to be a lot of colors. And the new door had a special kind of mirror that when you looked in the mirror of this new magical door, do you know what it showed you? What? It showed you froggies. That there were secretly froggies hiding everywhere. And if you looked in the mirror, it could show you wherever the froggies were hiding. And it was a very special magical door.

So the construction worker finished installing it and Beckett told his parents, "Why don't we try it? Let's see if we can use the magic door and see if it works." And Beckett's parents said okay. And they said goodbye to the construction worker and Beckett said, "Okay, time to try out the magic door." And so Beckett held the doorknob of the magic door and slowly he opened the magic door. And as he opened the magic door, he heard there was some music playing. And it sounded a little like Wheels on the Bus like Wheels on the Bus go round and round. And just as he was opening the magic door and there was the music playing in the background, a candy store appeared. And the magic door led to a candy store instead of outside of their house. And then Beckett closed the door because he couldn't believe it, because usually outside of Beckett's house is just the outside. But when he opened the magic door, this time there was a candy store. So he closed the door again and this time Beckett decided to imagine a toy store and he opened up the magic door and do you know what he saw? A toy store.

There was a toy store and it had ChuChu trains in the toy store. And the toy store had racing cars and it had unicorns and there were Pegasus Pegasi, and there were so many fun things in the store. And one other special thing about the toy store that was on the other side of the magic door is that kids were in charge in the world. On the other side of the magic door that Beckett opened, the grownups had to do whatever the kids said. And the kids got to say if the grownups get treats and if the grownups get a time out and the kids got to decide everything and the grownups had to listen. So Beckett took his parents into this toy store where the kids were in charge. And Beckett's mom and Beckett's dad said, "Okay, Beckett, now we have to listen to you because we're in the magic toy store and you're a kid, so you're in charge." And Beckett told his parents that the first rule is it's not their birthday, so they're not going to get a gift today, but it is his birthday, so Beckett gets some gifts. And Beckett's mom and Beckett's dad had to agree, so they said okay.

And Beckett told his mom and dad that they had to hold his hand and his mom held his hand and Beckett's dad held their held Beckett's hand and they looked through all the toys and Beckett found the ones that he wanted. It was a big kind of unicorn that was a Stuffy and a big Pegasus, which was also a Stuffy. And then Beckett told his parents that they had to reach to the top and get it for him. And Beckett's parents had to listen because kids were in charge of this toy store. And Beckett's parents got Beckett the stuffy unicorn and the stuffy Pegasus and then they put it in a shopping cart. And Beckett told his parents that they had to give him a ride in the shopping cart also. And Beckett's parents listened.

Well, there were so many fun things in this toy store, but one of the funnest things was a machine that said turn your unicorn or Pegasus alive. And it looked a little bit like a microwave, which kids shouldn't play with by themselves. But this was a little different because microwaves usually aren't pink and they don't have rainbows come out in middle of them. But this special machine, if you put a unicorn stuffy or any kind of stuffy in it, it turned that stuffy alive in the toy store. Even my little Bobble stuffy, it is a dog. Yeah, we have like a little stuffy. And even if you put that stuffy in this machine, it would make it turn alive and a rainbow would come out while it's doing it. It sounds a little bit like a microwave. It goes and then the way it sometimes if it's getting too hot, then it does that. And if it's after it's done, instead of saying beep beep, like a microwave, it says and Beckett had his unicorn turn into a real life unicorn. And the real life unicorn came out of this special kind of machine and it was called the Transformation Bank elation machine. And Beckett had his unicorn come out of the Transformation Bank elation machine and the unicorn said hi Beckett.

And Beckett's parents asked if they could go for a ride on the unicorn and Beckett said it was his turn first today because he was the birthday boy. And Beckett's mom and Beckett's dad said okay because they had to listen. And then Beckett told his parents to put the Pegasus, which is a unicorn with wings, into that special machine. And the machine went and it made a rainbow inside. And after it made a rainbow inside, some lights came on and then it was close to being done, so it said. And then it was done. And a real life Pegasus came and the Pegasus told Beckett that the toy store was going to close soon so that they should go home and come back another day. So Beckett, he could just reimagine it and then will it close still? Yeah. And then Beckett said, "Okay, well, all I have to do to come back in another day is just open the magic door again." And so Beckett opened the door and went back into his house. And then his parents became regular and it was time for him to blow out the candles in his cake. And Beckett got some yummy cake and had a very happy birthday. And Beckett and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Including the pegasus and unicorn? Yeah, including the pegasus and unicorn. The end.