Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a world where there were no grownups. The whole entire world was ruled by kids. And once a kid became a teenager, they just disappeared. And when it was somebody's 13th birthday, they would have a birthday cake, and when they would blow out the candles, then the fire from the candles would go away, and then the teenager would also just poof and disappear. And if the kid didn't decide to have that birthday cake and didn't blow out the candles, then not only did they disappear, but all of their friends disappeared also. And so in that world, there were only kids that existed. And all of the kids decided that even though they didn't want to, they would have their regular 13th birthday and they would blow out the candles. In this world, the twelve-year-olds were in charge, and the kids who were like four years old or seven years old would have to listen to what the twelve-year-old said. And some of the twelve-year-olds were bullies and some of the twelve-year-olds were really nice, and you had to make sure that you stayed friends with the twelve-year-olds who were nice and that you tried to stay away or even hide behind the bushes or something from the twelve-year-olds who were meanies.

Well, Jonah was seven and Jesse was four, and they lived in a little log house that they built by themselves. Jonah knew how to use a tractor because there were no parents, so there were no construction workers. Yeah, in this world there were no parents, so there were no construction workers. But the kids kind of like, they could use tractors, and so like, the twelve-year-olds and eleven-year-olds were usually the ones in charge of using tractors. But even as soon as kids were like seven or eight, they had to start working because there were no grown-ups to really work, and so they couldn't build big buildings and stuff like that. So Jonah had to leave every day to get some money. And every week they'd only get Jonah only got one dollar. Yeah. And Jonah would have to work. And there was a twelve-year-old who was kind of nice, that was his boss, but he would only get $1 each week, and he had to work so hard. And during the day, Jesse also had to work. And his job was to take sand out of sandboxes. And to put it in front of houses, because they didn't have pathways in front of houses.

And it was always a big mystery where kids went when they turned 13 years old. And everyone always like they were trying to read books to figure out maybe there was a clue. And people used to tell stories. And then once the way they found out is that on Jonah's 13th birthday, Jesse grabbed onto Jonah as he left and went away, and his shoes remained there. But then Jesse was able to think. He was able to go back to the normal place, but Jonah wasn't. And then he found out what was there.

Well, okay, I wasn't going to tell that part yet, but I guess I have to now. When Jonah turned 13 years old, he and Jesse made a special plan. And their plan was that Jesse would hold on to Jonah's hands. As Jonah blew out the candles on his birthday cake. And Jonah blew out the candles, and Jesse held onto his hands. And then Jonah disappeared. But because Jesse was holding onto his hands, Jesse kind of turned into somebody who you could see his body, but you could also poke through his body. You could put your hand right through it. And so Jesse was half in the kid world, and he was also half in the world where everyone who is 13 went to.

And when Jesse was half in the other world, where all the 13-year-olds and the teenagers were, he finally figured out what was happening. There was a wizard, and it was an evil wizard that had a black pointy hat that had a picture of a lightning bolt on it. And the wizard stood in front of a big ball that was suspended in water. There was water all around the ball, and it was the shape of a ball, but it actually was an eyeball. And the eyeball would, like, turn around on top of the water, and the wizard would look at the eyeball. And then the kids who were 13, they would pop right out of the eyeball. And that's how they got from the regular world where there were kids into the other world.

Well, the wizard saw that there was a four-year-old who came out of the eyeball, and that was Jesse. And the wizard was furious. He was like, how did this four-year-old get here? Were you going to say something, Jonah? No. A nine-year-old, because Jonah turned 13. Well, yeah, that's right. Jonah was 13, and Jonah's seven now, so it's six years from now. And so Jesse was actually ten years old, because he's four right now. So there was a ten-year-old Jesse that popped out of the eyeball, and the wizard was furious. And the wizard was like, how did you get here? And he tried to grab Jesse. But Jesse's body was like a see-through kind of body that the wizard wasn't able to grab. And so he didn't know what to do. And he looked at Jonah and he said, Jonah, I command you to tell me, how did Jesse get here? But Jonah didn't want to tell on his brother, so he said, quick, Jesse, hide. And Jesse opened up the blue door that was on the outside of the room where the wizard was. And as he opened the door, he saw that the big eyeball in front of the wizard turned around and started to look at him. And Jesse quickly went out of the door.

And then in the room where the wizard was, all of the walls turned into, like, a big TV screen. And they showed pictures of Jesse running through the hallway. And Jonah shouted, Jesse, they could still see you because the eyeball is like a video camera, and it's making pictures of where you're running through the hallway. And Jesse said, okay. And he heard an echo going through the hallway. And he ran to the other side of the hallway until he finally found the exit. The exit was a window, and he decided to take a chance. And he jumped out of the window, and he found that on the bottom of the window, there was like a bounce house. But the bottom of the bounce house was so bouncy, it was hard for him to stand up, because every time he stood up, he would just, like, fall back down. And he said, Jonah, help. I'm stuck. I'm stuck.

Jonah decided that would be the time when he would confuse the wizard. And so Jonah got a mirror that he was hiding in his shoe, and he pointed the mirror at the eyeball. And the eyeball looked in the mirror, and it only saw itself. And then, as the eyeball was looking at itself, Jonah snuck out of the door, and he left the mirror on the door where he snuck out of. And he went out and he saw where Jesse was in the bounce house. And he said, I'm coming to help Jesse. And he jumped out into the bounce house. And then together with Jesse, they held hands and they went down the slide. And when they got to the bottom of the slide, they saw a treasure box. And they opened up the treasure box, and they saw that on inside of the treasure box, there was a note that had a magic spell. And Jesse read the note, and he said, cadabra expellium. And just as he said that, the wizard shrunk and turned into a mouse. And the bounce house that they were in turned into a trampoline. And all of the 13-year-olds and all of the people who were getting bigger, they went back into the regular world. And from that day forward, everyone celebrated Jesse and Jonah's bravery, and they became heroes. For saving the world. And Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.