Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl named Waverly. Waverly had lots of different kinds of shoes. Some shoes she would wear for hiking or splashing through puddles. She had other shoes for going to school or going for a walk. But there was one pair of shoes she never got to wear. These shoes were pink, a little bit long, and had a diamond on top of them. Waverly's mom told her that these shoes came from her great-great-great-great-great-great-grandmother, who was a princess in a land called Colorulu.

Colorulu was near Colorado, but it doesn't exist anymore. It was a circle-shaped land in the Rocky Mountains. People who lived there had a hard time walking because the mountains were so rocky and steep. They used special pink shoes with diamonds on them that let them float a little bit above the ground, so they didn't need wings to fly.

Waverly always wanted to try on the pink shoes to see if they worked in Highlands Ranch, Colorado. She asked her mom, "Mom, please, it was just my birthday. Can I please wear those pink shoes to try them out?" Finally, Waverly's mom agreed. Waverly found the shoebox, which was sealed with old tape and wax from a candle. When she opened the box, she found gift wrapping inside. She tore it apart and discovered another box, made of silver and feeling furry like a kitty cat.

Waverly opened the silver box and saw the magical pink slippers with the diamond. She took off her regular shoes and put on the pink princess shoes in front of her parents. Waverly looked down to see if she would start to float. But instead, the shoes did the opposite. They made the ground under Waverly disappear slowly, revealing a big tunnel. The shoes seemed to dig automatically.

Waverly's parents were surprised and asked, "Waverly, where are you going?" She replied, "There's a secret tunnel under our house, and the shoes are making me go in it." She was right. The magic shoes didn't dig; they just showed people where secret tunnels were. In the olden days in Colorulu, the shoes helped people float in the air because of the steep and sharp rocks. But now, they helped find secret tunnels.

Waverly went down the secret tunnel, and her parents followed her with ropes. They found a big, brightly lit ballroom with a dance going on. There was a cartoon prince and princess dancing, but they weren't on a computer. They were just dancing underground. Suddenly, the dance floor started to turn and lifted up, revealing a merry-go-round. The dancers got on the horses, which went up and down as the merry-go-round spun around.

Waverly and her parents joined the cartoon characters on the merry-go-round. As they rode, Waverly's horse started to float and became a real horse. It had a star on its forehead and a long white tail. The horse told Waverly it could talk and that anyone who rode it would become a princess when they grew up. Waverly said, "I'm not sure I want to be a princess." The horse replied, "You get to choose whatever you want to do."

Waverly rode the horse past a long, spiral slide with a vacuum tube at the bottom that sucked kids up to the top for another ride. The underground playground was huge. Waverly asked her dad, "How will we get back to our house?" Her dad reminded her of the rope they used to climb down the tunnel.

Waverly wanted to play more, so they stayed in the playground with their dog, Vanu, who had joined them. They all had lots of fun. When they were done, Waverly took off the shoes and put them on her hands. She found that she could float with the shoes on her hands, just like her great-great-great-great-great-great-grandmother in Colorulu.

Waverly and her family lived happily ever after. The end.