Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl whose name was Waverly. Waverly had lots of different kinds of shoes, and some of the shoes she would use if she needed to go on a hike or splash through puddles. Waverley had different shoes if she needed to go to school or go for a walk. She also had one pair of shoes that she never got to wear. That pair of shoes was pink, and they looked a little bit long, and they had a diamond on top of them. Those shoes, Waverley's mom once told her, came from Waverley's mother's, mother's, mother's, mother, all the way back to seven mothers back. That mother was a princess of a land named Colorulu.

Colorulu was near Colorado. It doesn't exist anymore. But it was kind of circle-shaped in the Rocky Mountains. People that lived there had a hard time walking about because the mountains were so rocky and steep. They used special shoes that were pink and had diamonds on them that allowed you to float a little bit on top of the ground, so you didn't need wings to fly if you had these pink shoes.

Waverley had always wanted to put on the shoes to test out if the pink shoes with the diamond worked also in Highlands Ranch, Colorado. She was begging her mom, and Waverley said, "Mom, please, it was just my birthday. Can I please wear those pink shoes to try them out to see if they work here?" Finally, Waverly's mom said, "Okay." Waverly found the shoebox. It was stuck together with old tape, and it also had some wax as a seal that came from a candle from a long time ago. When Waverly opened up the box, she saw that inside there was some gift wrapping. She picked up the gift wrapping, and she ripped it apart. Under the gift wrapping, there was another box which was made of silver. When you touched it, it felt kind of furry, like a kitty cat.

Waverley picked up that silver box that felt furry, like a kitty cat, and she opened it up and saw the magic pink slippers with the diamond in them. Waverly took off her regular shoes, and in front of her parents, Waverley put on the pink shoes, the pink princess shoes that had the diamond on them. Waverly looked down to see if she was going to start to float. But do you know what happened? Waverly didn't float. Instead, the shoes did the opposite. The shoes kind of made the ground under Waverley disappear slowly. Under her house, it showed that there was a big tunnel because wherever Waverley stood, the shoes would kind of make it like it was digging automatically. The dirt there just went away.

Waverly was standing up, and Waverly's dad and mom were like, "Waverly, where are you going?" Waverley said, "There's a secret tunnel under our house, and the shoes are making me go in it." She was right. Under their house, there was a secret tunnel. The magic shoes didn't dig at all. They just helped show people where the secret tunnels are. In the olden days in the land of Kalarubu, those shoes helped people float in the air. That was important because there were so many steep and sharp rocks. But in the newen days, today, well, in those days, it was very important for the shoes to be able to find secret tunnels.

Waverly went down the secret tunnel, and her parents got ropes and followed her down the tunnel. Under the tunnel, they saw that there were lots of lights. Under the tunnel, there was a big, big ballroom, and there was a dance that was going on. There was a prince that looked like a cartoon prince and a princess that looked like a cartoon princess, but they weren't on a computer. They were just at home, dancing underground. Then suddenly, the floor of the dance hall started to turn around and it lifted up. When the floor lifted up, it revealed a merry-go-round. The people who were dancing got on horses that were in the merry-go-round. The horses would go up and down, and the merry-go-round would go round and round in the ballroom that was under the secret tunnel, under Waverley's house.

Waverley was watching as all the cartoon characters were going up and down on the horses, on the merry-go-round. She decided to go on the horses with her parents as well. She got on the horses, and it went up and down, and the merry-go-round was going round and round when suddenly Waverley's horse started to float and become a real horse. It wasn't a cartoon horse anymore. The horse grew a star right by its forehead. The horse had a long white tail, and it looked like the king of all horses. The horse told Waverley that it could also talk and that anyone who rode the horse, it meant they were going to be a princess when they grew up. Waverly said, "Well, I'm not sure I want to be a princess." The horse said, "You get to choose whatever you want to do."

Waverly was riding the horse. She went past a long slide that looked like it kind of turned around and went down in a spiral shape. The slide looked so much fun because, at the very bottom of the slide, there was a vacuum tube that sucked you up all the way back to the top. It was kind of like an elevator that didn't have a floor. It could just pick kids up by themselves, and they would go zooming up to the top for another ride down the slide. The underground playground was so big.

Waverley asked her dad, "Dad, how are we going to get back inside our regular house? Because we know how we got down." Her dad reminded her that he said, "Waverly, well, there is a rope that is down the tunnel, and all we have to do is climb up the rope. It'll be easy."

Waverly told her dad that she wanted to play in the playground a little bit more. As they were playing, they saw their dog, whose name was Vanu, and the dog started to play with Waverly and Waverly's brother and Waverley's dad and mom, and they had so much fun. When they were all done, Waverly took the shoes off and she put them on her hands. When she put the pink shoes with the diamonds on her hands, she saw that she could float. Now she knew the trick that her great-great-great-grandmother in Kalarulu used to do, the way they floated with the magic shoes as they put them on their hands.

Waverly and her family lived happily ever after. The end.