Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Waverley. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell all your friends, please. Hi. My name is Waverley. I Blood. Our brother named Palmer. I live in Highland Ranch, Colorado. My birthday is May 16. I'm turning seven. And may I please have a story about a horse on underground playground? My dog Bonnie. Thank you. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a girl named Waverley, who lives in Highlands Ranch, Colorado, and who turned seven years old two days ago on May 16. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Waverly. Happy birthday, Waverley. That's silly. Waverly and Buddy, who else had a birthday today? Jesse. Yes. Jonah's brother Jesse also turned three today. And Waverly asked for us to make up a story that includes a horse, an underground playground, and Waverley's dog, whose name is Vonu. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl whose name was Waverly. Waverly had lots of different kinds of shoes, and some of the shoes she would use if she needed to go on the hike or splash through puddles. And Waverley had different shoes if she needed to go to school or go for a walk. And she also had one pair of shoes that she never got to wear. And that pair of shoes, well, they were pink, and they looked like a little bit long, and they had a diamond on top of them. Those shoes, Waverley's mom once told her, came from Waverley's mother's, mother's, mother's, mother, all the way back to seven mothers back. And that mother was a princess of a land named Colorulu. And colorulu. It was near Colorado. It doesn't exist anymore. But it was kind of circle shaped in the Rocky Mountains. And Colorulu was the place where Waverley's great great great grandmother came from. Now, people that lived there, they had a hard time walking about because the mountains were so rocky and steep. And so they used special shoes that were pink and had diamonds on them that allowed you to float a little bit on top of the ground, so you didn't need wings to fly if you had these pink shoes. Yeah, bud. So Waverley, if you put them on, could she fly? And so Waverley had always wanted to put on the shoes to test out if the pink shoes with the diamond worked also in Highlands Ranch, Colorado. And so she was begging her mom, and Waverley said, mom, please, it was just my birthday. Can I please wear those pink shoes to try them out to see if they work here? And finally Waverly's mom said, okay. And Waverly found the shoebox. It was stuck together with old tape, and it also had some wax as a seal that came from a candle from a long time ago. And when Waverly opened up the box, she saw that inside there was some gift wrapping. She picked up the gift wrapping, and she ripped it apart. And under the gift wrapping, there was another box which was made of silver. And when you touched it, it felt kind of furry, like a kitty cat. Well, Waverley picked up that silver box that felt furry, like a kitty cat, and she opened it up and she saw that there were the magic pink slippers with the diamond in them. Waverly took off her regular shoes, and in front of her parents, Waverley put on the pink shoes, the pink princess shoes that had the diamond on them. And Waverly looked down to see if she was going to start to float. But do you know what happened? What? Waverly didn't float. Instead, the shoes did the opposite. The shoes kind of made the ground under Waverley disappear slowly. And so under her house, it showed that there was a big tunnel, because wherever Waverley stood, the shoes would kind of make it like it was digging automatically. But it didn't need shovels. The dirt there just went away. And so Waverly was standing up, and Waverly's dad and mom were like, Waverly, where are you going? And Waverley said, there's a secret tunnel under our house, and the shoes are making me go in it. And she was right. Under their house, there was a secret tunnel. The magic shoes didn't dig at all. They just helped show people where the secret tunnels are. And so, in the olden days in the land of Kalarubu, those shoes helped people float in the air. And that was important because there were so many steep and sharp rocks. But in the newen days, today, well, in those days, it was very important for the shoes to be able to find secret tunnels. And Waverly went down the secret tunnel and her parents got ropes and followed her down the tunnel. And under the tunnel, they saw that there were lots of lights. And under the tunnel, there was a big, big ballroom, and there was a dance that was going on. And there was a prince that looks like a cartoon prince and a princess that looks like a cartoon princess, but they weren't on a computer. They were just at home, dancing underground. And then suddenly, the floor of the dance hall started to turn around and it lifted up. And when the floor lifted up, the floor revealed a merrygoround. And the people who were dancing got on horses that were in the merrygoround. And the horses would go up and down, and the merrygoround would go round and round in the ballroom that was under the secret tunnel, under Waverley's house. And Waverley was watching as all the cartoon characters were going up and down on the horses, on the merrygoround. And she decided to go on the horses with her parents as well. So she got on the horses and it went up and down, and the merrygoround was going round and round, when suddenly Waverley's horse started to float and become a real horse. It wasn't a cartoon horse anymore. And it was able to go off of the merrygoround. And the horse grew a star right by its forehead. And the horse had a long white tail, and it looked like the king of all horses. And the horse told Waverley that it could also talk and that anyone who rode the horse, it meant they were going to be a princess when they grew up. And Waverly said, Well, I'm not sure I want to be a princess. And the horse said, you get to choose whatever you want to do. And Waverly was riding the horse. She went past a long slide that looked it kind of turned around and went down in a spiral shape. And the slide looked so much fun because at the very bottom of the slide, there was like a vacuum tube that sucked you up all the way back to the top. And so it was kind of like an elevator that didn't have a floor. I could just pick kids up by themselves, and they would go zooming up to the top for another ride down the slide. And the underground yeah, bud, but how do you get back up to the house? And the underground playground was so big. But Waverley asked her dad, dad, how are we going to get back inside a regular house? Because we know how we got down. And her dad reminded her that he said, Waverly, well, there is a rope that is down the tunnel, and all we have to do is climb up the rope. It'll be easy. And if you need yabud also, may Waverly could just take off the slippers. Yeah, also because the slippers helped her stay down. And so Waverly told her dad that she wanted to play in the playground a little bit more. And as they were playing, they saw their dog, whose name was Vanu, and the dog started to play with Waverly and Waverly's brother and Waverley's dad and mom, and they had so much fun. And when they were all done, Waverly took the shoes off and she put them on her hands. And when she put the pink shoes with the diamonds on her hands, she saw that she could float. And now she knew the trick that her great great great grandmother in Kalarulu used to do, the way they loaded with the magic shoes as they put them on their hands. And Waverly and her family lived happily ever after. The end.