Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Maggie. Maggie was very excited when she found some new stickers right under the door of her house. She asked her mom if she got the stickers, and her mom said no. Maggie asked if she could open the stickers, and her mom agreed. So Maggie opened the stickers and saw that there were so many dinosaur stickers. She told her mom that she wanted to put all of the dinosaur stickers on the walls of her house. But Maggie's mom said, "Maggie, I don't think you should do that." However, when her mom wasn't looking, Maggie put the dinosaur stickers on the walls of her bedroom.

Later that day, Maggie had a yummy dinner with noodles, butter, French fries, and the tastiest dinosaur-shaped chicken. Then Maggie put on her pajamas, listened to a story from her mom, and went to sleep. When Maggie woke up the next morning, she saw that the stickers on her wall had turned into real little dinosaurs. The dinosaurs had left her wall and were now walking along the floor next to her bed. The dinosaurs seemed a bit scary because they had big teeth, even though they were small. So Maggie decided not to get out of her bed, worried that the dinosaur stickers, which turned into real dinosaurs, might get her.

Maggie called, "Mom, dad, can you come to my room?" Her parents got out of their beds, walked down the hallway, and went to Maggie's bedroom. When they arrived, they saw many little dinosaurs with big teeth saying, "Rawr." Maggie's dad told her mom that he would get a big butterfly net to catch all of the little dinosaurs. Maggie's mom promised to pick Maggie up so that none of the little dinosaurs could get her. Maggie agreed, and her mom gave her a shoulder ride. Soon, her dad returned with a big pink butterfly net and used it to catch all of the dinosaurs.

Once the dinosaurs were in the butterfly net, they calmed down and started acting nicer. Maggie's dad asked her where they should take the dinosaurs, and Maggie suggested letting them go outside. Her dad agreed, so they opened the front door and released the little dinosaurs that used to be stickers. Maggie saw the dinosaurs walking around the sidewalk, saying "rawr," and told her parents that they might need to call the police. So her dad dialed 911.

When the police arrived, Maggie heard the sirens going woo, woo, woo. She saw that the police were driving a unicorn car, a car with legs instead of wheels that could also fly because of its wings. The policemen got out of their unicorn car and asked Maggie what happened. She explained that she put dinosaur stickers on her wall, and when she woke up, they turned into real dinosaurs.

The policeman reassured Maggie, saying that dinosaurs love unicorns, which make them nice. He offered to give the dinosaurs a ride in his unicorn car and asked to borrow the butterfly net. Maggie's dad agreed, and the policeman caught all the little dinosaurs, putting them in the backseat of his unicorn police car. The dinosaurs started to laugh and giggle because they thought the unicorn police car was funny.

Maggie told her mom that the dinosaurs were behaving, and she asked the police officer if she could keep one as a pet. The officer agreed, so Maggie's mom showed her a secret fish tank without water that they had in the garage. They put one of the little dinosaurs in it, and it loved the fish tank. It had fun walking around, digging in the little rocks, and playing on a dinosaur swing inside the tank.

Maggie thanked the policeman, and the dinosaur went inside, looking happy to be her pet. She waved goodbye as the unicorn car walked away. Inside, she saw a little mini castle growing in the fish tank. The castle wasn't big, but it seemed like the dinosaur made it grow. Maggie didn't know that castles could grow, but the dinosaur was magical because it used to be a sticker. She gave the dinosaur some Lucky Charms for breakfast and went to school.

When Maggie returned from school, she looked in the fish tank, but the dinosaur was gone. All she saw was a dinosaur sticker and a castle. Maggie asked her parents what happened and realized that the dinosaur had turned back into a sticker, and the castle was also a sticker. She told her parents that she knew how to make the dinosaur come alive again. That night, she went to sleep and wished for the dinosaur to come alive. The next morning, the friendly dinosaur was alive again, and the castle was back. Maggie was so happy.

Maggie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.