Ayi oi. Yiddi. Diana. Welcome to makeup. Soys. My name is Penelope. Makeup soys the best podcast ever. Go to Makeup soys.com if you want to be part of the group. Bye. AI. My name is Maggie. I live in Austin, Texas. I'm four years old. I like a story about a unicorn, a dinosaur, and a castle by tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Maggie, who is four years old and who lives in Austin, Texas. And so we want to say, Hi, Maggie. And Maggie asks for us to make up a story that includes a unicorn, a dinosaur, and a castle. If you want to be in makeup stories or to join the makeup club, then go to Makeup stories.com. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Maggie. Maggie was very surprised when she saw some new stickers. The stickers were right under the door of her house. Maggie asked her mom if she got the stickers, and her mom said no. Maggie asked if she could open the stickers, and Maggie's mom said, okay. So Maggie opened the stickers, and she saw that there were so many dinosaur stickers. Maggie told her mom that she was going to put all of the dinosaur stickers on the walls of her house. And Maggie's mom said, Maggie, I don't think you should do that. But when Maggie's mom wasn't looking, maggie put the dinosaur stickers on the walls of her bedroom. Later that day, Maggie had a yummy dinner that included noodles with butter and French fries and the yummiest kind of chicken that was also in the shape of dinosaurs. Then Maggie put on some pajamas, and her mom told her a story, and Maggie went to sleep. When Maggie woke up the next morning, she got out of bed, and Maggie looked at her wall, and she saw that the stickers that she had put on her wall all turned into real little dinosaurs. The dinosaurs had gone off of Maggie's wall, and they were now walking along the floor right next to her bed. The dinosaurs seemed a little bit scary because the dinosaurs had big teeth, even though the dinosaurs were little. So Maggie decided not to get out of her bed, because if she got out of her bed, she was worried the dinosaur stickers, which turned into real dinosaurs, might get her. So Maggie said, Mom, dad, can you come in my room? And Maggie's mom and Maggie's dad got out of their beds, and they walked down the hallway, and they went all the way to Maggie's bedroom. When they got to Maggie's bedroom, maggie's mom saw that there were so many little dinosaurs and that the dinosaurs had big teeth and were saying, Raw. Maggie's dad told Maggie's mom that he was going to get a big butterfly net, and he was going to catch all of the little dinosaurs. And Maggie's mom told Maggie that she would pick Maggie up so that none of the little dinosaurs could get her. Maggie said, okay. Maggie's mom picked up Maggie and gave her a shoulder ride. And soon Maggie's dad came back into her bedroom, and sure enough, he had a big pink butterfly net, and he used it to catch all of the dinosaurs. When the dinosaurs were in the butterfly net, they calmed down and started acting a little bit nicer. Maggie's dad asked Maggie where he should bring the dinosaurs, and Maggie said that they should let the dinosaurs go outside. Maggie's dad said, okay. So they opened the front door of their house, and Maggie's dad dumped out the little dinosaurs that used to be stickers in front of their house. Maggie saw that all of the little dinosaurs started to walk around the sidewalk and say, raw. And Maggie told her parents that maybe they would need to call the police. So Maggie's dad said, okay, and he dialed 911 for the police. When the police started coming, maggie could hear the police sirens, and the police sirens went woo, woo, woo. As they got close to the house, maggie could see that the police were not driving a regular police car. They were driving a unicorn car. A unicorn car is a car that has legs instead of wheels. And a unicorn car can also fly because it has wings that come out of it. So a unicorn car is kind of like a flying car that also has feet and could walk. Well, the policeman got out of their unicorn car, and they saw all of the little dinosaurs walking around. And the policeman asked Maggie what happened. So Maggie told the policeman that last night she put some dinosaur stickers on her wall, and when she woke up, they turned into real dinosaurs. The policeman told Maggie not to worry. One of the things that dinosaurs love the most is unicorns, and unicorns make dinosaurs be nice. So the policeman told Maggie that he was going to give all of the dinosaurs a ride in his unicorn car. And the policeman asked Maggie's dad if he could borrow the butterfly net. Maggie's dad said, okay. And so the policeman picked up the big pink butterfly net, and he swept it down, and he caught so many dinosaurs, he put all of the little dinosaurs in the backseat of his unicorn police car. And then the dinosaurs started to be so nice. All of the dinosaurs, instead of roaring, they started to laugh and to giggle because they thought a unicorn police car was the funniest kind. Maggie told her mom that the dinosaurs were starting to behave. And Maggie asked the police officer if she could keep one of the little dinosaurs as a pet. And the police officer said, okay. So Maggie's mom showed her that they had a secret fish tank that had no water in it and that they were saving in the garage. She got out the secret fish tank, and they put one of the little dinosaurs in it. And the dinosaur loved the fish tank. The dinosaur was able to have so much fun in the fish tank because it could kind of walk around, and there were little rocks in the fish tank that it could dig, and it had lots of space to play. There was even a dinosaur swing inside of the fish tank. Maggie said thank you to the policeman, and the dinosaur went inside, and it looked so happy that it was finally Maggie's pet. Maggie waved the policeman goodbye as the unicorn car walked away with its legs. She went back inside with her family, and she saw that inside of the fish tank where the dinosaur was, there was a little mini castle that was growing. The castle wasn't so big, but it looked like the dinosaur made it kind of grow. And Maggie didn't know that castles could grow, but the dinosaur was obviously kind of magical because it used to be a sticker. So Maggie gave the dinosaur some Lucky Charms to eat for breakfast, and then she went to school. After Maggie got home from school that day, she looked inside of the fish tank, but the dinosaur was missing. All she could see was a dinosaur sticker that looked like the dinosaur, and it was on the fish tank. And right next to it, there was a castle. Maggie asked her parents what happened, and that's when she realized that the dinosaur turned back into a sticker and that the castle was also a sticker. Maggie told her parents that she knew how to make the dinosaur come alive again and not be a sticker. And she went to sleep that night, and she wished, wished, and wished that the dinosaur would come alive again. And the next morning, when Maggie woke up, the little friendly dinosaur was alive again, and the castle was back. And Maggie was so happy. And Maggie and her family lived happily ever after. The end. I o NI nayo. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Go to Makeup stories.com if you want to be on the podcast, tell your friends.