Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Camilla. Camilla lived with her sister Carmen and their parents in Orange County, California. Sometimes, Camilla had a dream. In the dream, Camilla, Carmen, and their parents would go on a boat made out of balloons, and the boat would float in the water. But if they wanted it to go in the air, all they had to do was press the helium button.

Camilla and her family lived on the balloon boat. When they were tired of sailing in the water, they would make their balloon boat go in the air, and they would float their whole balloon house in the sky. One day, Camilla told her parents that she wanted to go with them to Mount Everest. Mount Everest is the biggest mountain in the whole world. It is so tall that there are clouds below it.

Camilla told her parents that they needed to go to a store to buy a fan, and then they would attach the fan to their balloon house. They would plug the fan into the wall, turn it on, and the fan would blow their balloon house all the way to Nepal, where Mount Everest is located. Camilla's parents and her sister Carmen agreed that it was a good idea. So off they went on an adventure.

Camilla and her family set off on an adventure to Mount Everest. While they were on their way, Carmen asked, "Is it even safe to go on Mount Everest? Can't we fall down if it's so high?" Camilla told Carmen and their parents that instead of climbing up, they would use the balloons and point the fan down so that it blew them to the top of Mount Everest. Carmen agreed that it was a good idea because it's not easy for kids to get all the way to the top of Mount Everest.

The day arrived, and with a great wind, Camilla and her family's balloon house blew into Nepal, the country where Mount Everest was. Camilla said, "Off to the top of Mount Everest." Just as she said that, the balloon started pointing towards Mount Everest and floating through the air. As the balloon got closer to the top of Mount Everest, Camilla noticed a snow leopard. The snow leopard was stuck on a cliff, and Camilla realized that it needed help. It was all alone, just a baby snow leopard, and it couldn't find its mommy.

Camilla could tell that when this snow leopard grew up, it would be really good at climbing cliffs. But this snow leopard was just a baby and all by itself. So Camilla told Carmen and their parents that they needed to take the balloon house and point the fan where the baby snow leopard was so they could save it.

Camilla told her family that they would land the balloon house right next to the snow leopard. Camilla's dad landed the balloon house. Camilla and Carmen got out and picked up the little baby leopard. The baby leopard was so cute. All it wanted was to be petted, snuggled, and fed. 

Camilla had brought special bunny rabbit cookies for the snow leopard. These cookies were shaped like bunny rabbits and made for leopards because inside the cookies were little pieces of leopard food. Camilla started to feed the snow leopard the leopard cookie. The snow leopard thought Camilla was its mommy. It climbed up to Camilla, meowed, and wanted her to hold it and give it a bottle of milk. Suddenly, Camilla realized that they should find the snow leopard's real mom.

Camilla told her parents that they needed to fly the balloon house and use their owl eyes to look as hard as they could to find where the snow leopard lived. As the balloon house flew over Mount Everest, Camilla found a secret tunnel. She saw that scratched into the snow next to the secret tunnel was a leopard stroller. Camilla knew that this was the snow leopard's house and that its mama was inside.

Camilla told her parents to land the balloon house, and they did. Out came the snow leopard's mama. The mama leopard was a queen snow leopard, in charge of all the snow leopards that lived on Mount Everest. It turned out that the baby snow leopard Camilla found was a princess snow leopard, a very important snow leopard.

The mama leopard told Camilla that because she found and saved the baby snow leopard, Camilla was welcome to come back to Mount Everest whenever she wanted and even get a snow leopard ride. Snow leopards don't usually give people rides, but Camilla was lucky. Because she saved the baby snow leopard, its mommy made an exception.

Camilla told her parents that it was time to leave Mount Everest. She took one last look with her owl eyes and thought she saw a monster surfing on a waterfall that went down Mount Everest. The monster looked like it was surfing down the biggest waterfall in the world and able to swim at the bottom. Camilla told Carmen about the monster, and Camilla, Carmen, and their parents took their balloon house all the way home to Orange County, California, where they lived happily ever after. The end.