Welcome to makeup stores. My name is Carmen. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Camilla. I live in Orange County, California. I will be 40 on April 26, about a marcher and a snow leopard and a mommy. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Camilla, who lives in Orange County, California, and who turns four years old today on April 26. And so we want to say happy birthday, Camilla. Happy birthday, Camilla. And Camilla asked for us to make up a story that includes a monster who swims and surfs and also a snow leopard and a mommy. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Camilla. Camilla lived with her sister Carmen and also her parents in Orange County, California. Sometimes Camilla had a dream. And in the dream, camilla would go with Carmen and her parents on a boat that was made out of balloons, and the boat would float in the water. But if you wanted to make it go in the air, all you had to do was press the helium button. And Camilla and her family lived on the balloon boat. And when they were tired of sailing in the water, they would make their balloon boat go in the air, and they would float their whole balloon house in the air. One day, Camilla told her parents that she wanted to go with them to Mount Everest. Mount Everest is the biggest mountain in the whole world. It is so tall that there are clouds that are under it. And Camilla told her parents that what they would do is they needed to go to a store to buy a fan, and then they would attach the fan to their balloon house. They would plug the fan in to the wall, and they would turn the fan on, and the fan would make their balloon house blow all the way to Nepal, which is where Mount Everest is located. Camilla's parents and her sister Carmen said that that was a good idea. So off they went on adventure. What's up, bud? Isn't the people that kind of fall down cliffs on Mount Everest? Sometimes. And Camilla and her family set off on adventure to Mount Everest. While they were on their way, Camilla's sister Carmen asked, is it even safe to go on Mount Everest? Because can't we fall down if it's so high? And Camilla told her sister Carmen and also her parents that instead of climbing up, they were just going to use the balloons, and they were going to point the fan down so that it blew them to the top of Mount Everest. And Camilla's sister Carmen said that was a good idea, because it's not so easy for kids to get all the way to the top of Mount Everest. While the day arrived, and with a great wind, camilla and her family's balloon house blew into Nepal, the country where mount everest was. And Camilla said, off to the top of mount everest. And just as she said that, the balloon started pointing towards mount everest and floating through the air. As the balloon was getting closer and closer to the top of mount everest, camilla noticed that she saw a snow leopard. The snow leopard was stuck on a cliff and Camilla realized that the snow leopard needed help. It was all alone and it couldn't find its mommy and it was just a baby snow leopard. So it wasn't as good as it wasn't such a good snow leopard. Climber snow leopards are generally very good at climbing cliffs. And Camilla could tell that when this snow leopard wasn't going to be a baby anymore, when it was a grown up snow leopard or even a big kid snow leopard, it was going to be really good at climbing up cliffs. But this snow leopard was just a baby snow leopard and it was all by itself. So Camilla told her sister Carmen and her parents that they needed to take the balloon house and point the fan where the baby snow leopard was so that they could save it. Yes. Bud so were they going to land the balloon house thing? Yes. And Camilla told her family that they're going to land the balloon house right next to the snow leopard. And Camilla's dad landed the balloon house. Camilla and her sister Carmen got out of the balloon house and they picked up the little baby leopard. And the little baby leopard was so cute. All it wanted kids to do is just to pet it and to snuggle and to be soft. And also I bet it wanted food. And most of all, the snow leopard wanted to eat food. But Camilla knew that she might see a snow leopard and so what she decided to get for food was special bunny rabbit cookies. Because snow lap snow. Snow leopards would like to eat a bunny rabbit. But this was just a bunny rabbit cookie and it was the shape of a bunny rabbit and it looked like a bunny rabbit. And it wasn't a person cookie. It was made for leopards because inside of the cookie weren't chocolate chips. It was little pieces and little sprinkles of leopard food. So Camilla started to feed the snow leopard the leopard cookie. And the snow leopard thought that Camilla was its mommy. And the snow leopard climbed up to Camilla and it started to say meow. And it would meow a little bit different than a regular cat. And it wanted Camilla to hold it and it wanted Camilla to give it a bottle of milk. And suddenly Camilla realized that they should probably find the snow leopard's real mom. So Camilla told her parents that off they go. They needed to fly the balloon house and they needed yabud. They also might need to know where the snow leopard live. And Camilla told her family that they needed to use their owl eyes to look as hard as they could and find where the snow leopard lived. So the balloon house was flying over Mount Everest when suddenly Camilla found a secret tunnel. The secret tunnel? Yabud. I wonder if they could also if they can't find the secret tunnel they could also seal the baby snow up or the force and seals. That's where it was. And Camilla looked at the secret tunnel, and she found it using her owl eyes. And when she looked at the secret tunnel, she saw that scratched into the snow, next to the secret tunnel was a leopard stroller. And that's when Camilla knew that this was really the snow leopard's house and that its snow leopard mama was in there. So Camilla told her parents to land the balloon house and they landed the balloon house and out came the snow leopard's mama. The snow leopard's mama was a queen snow leopard. It was in charge of all of the snow leopards that lived on Mount Everest. And it turned out that the baby snow leopard that Camilla found was a Princess snow leopard. And the princess snow leopard was a very important snow leopard. And the mama leopard told Camilla that because she found and saved the baby snow leopard, camilla was welcome to come back to Mount Everest whenever she wanted and even to get a snow leopard ride. Snow leopards don't usually give people rides. But Camilla was lucky. And because she saved a baby snow leopard, its mommy made an exception. And Camilla told her parents that it was time to leave Mount Everest. And she took one last look with her owl eyes, and she thinks she saw a monster that was surfing on some water, a waterfall that went down Mount Everest. And the monster looked like it was surfing down the biggest waterfall in the world and was able to swim on the bottom. Camilla told her sister Carmen about the monster and Camilla and Carmen and their parents took their balloon house all the way home to Orange County, California and they lived happily ever after. The End I'm Leo and thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Carmen, I live in Orange, Cali, California. I want to say hi to Alana and Abigail.