This is Willie. Welcome to my duck toys. My name is Jasper. I'm gonna turn six on December 23 and I live in Sacramento, California. I like a story about a cheetah and a leopard and a tiger and ice cream and chocolate. Thank you so much. I love your stories. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old boy whose name is Jasper and who lives in Sacramento, California and who is turning six next week on December 23. Happy birthday, Jasper. Happy birthday, Jasper. And Jasper asked for us to make up a story that includes a cheetah, a tiger, a leopard, ice cream and chocolate. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Jasper. Jasper was very lucky because one day he was walking on the sidewalk and he found a hamster. He asked his mom if he could catch the hamster and bring it home as a pet so that he could feed it. And Jasper's mom said, that's a good idea. And Jasper got out a butterfly net and he sneaked up on the hamster. And when the hamster wasn't looking, jasper put the butterfly net on top of it. He wasn't trying to be mean to the hamster. Jasper just caught the hamster in the butterfly net because he wanted to take the hamster home to feed him and to take care of him and to pet him. And so Jasper and his mom brought the hamster home and when they got in their house, jasper took it out of the net and put it in a little hamster cage. And the hamster cage was on top of Jasper's clothing. And he put special toys in there for the hamster to play with. One day, Jasper woke up because he had slept for a long time. And he looked on top of his clothing where the hamster cage usually was, top of his dresser. And do you know what he saw? What? There was no hamster inside. What was the other hamster cage? There was the hamster cage was still there, but instead of a hamster inside, there was a cheetah. But it was a little cheetah that was like the same size as a hamster. Can you imagine a cheetah that's so small? It's only as big as a hamster or mouse or something? The cheetah ate the hamster. Well and so Jasper didn't know how the cheetah got there. He was like, well, maybe the cheetah ate the hamster, but he saw that the cage was closed and nothing could have gotten in. And then Jasper had an idea. Didn't look like cheetah could have opened and closed the cage. So he thought maybe the hamster that he caught ate like a magical fruit that he put in the cage. And after the hamster ate the magical fruit and ate it up and he thought it was so yummy, then the hamster turned into a little cheetah. And then Jasper realized that's also why the cheetah was little the same size as the hamster, because the hamster just turned into a Cheetah after eating that magic fruit. The magic fruit, by the way, tasted like strawberry. It was like a little bit like strawberry, but on the inside, it didn't taste like strawberry. That was only the outside. On the inside, it tasted like ice cream. Now, most fruit doesn't really taste like ice cream because ice cream is a kind of like, really yummy thing that goes in cones, and fruit are also yummy, but not as yummy as ice cream. So this was a magic fruit. And when the hamster ate it, he turned into a cheetah. And Jasper decided to take the cheetah out of the cage. And Jasper picked the cheetah up on his hand because the cheetah was little and it fit on Jasper's hand. And then he put it on the floor, and he asked the cheetah if it wanted to play. And the cheetah said yes. So Jasper told the cheetah it should race as fast as it can to go all the way to the kitchen. And do you know what the cheetah did? What? It used its speed fast, and it raced to the kitchen, and it zoomed back before Jasper's mom could even see. And then Jasper had an idea. Jasper realized because this cheetah was so little and nobody could usually see it, it went so fast, he could get the Cheetah to do things for him. And if people asked him to clean up, he would just tell the cheetah to do it. And the cheetah could do it so fast. So Jasper started spilling all of his toys out and making a big mess on the floor. And there were race cars on the floor, and there were lots of ChuChu trains, and there were all sorts of blocks and legos and a lot of toys all over the floor. And it was such a mess. And Jasper's mom said, Jasper, time to clean up. But do you know what Jasper did? What? Jasper said, mom, just look away for 2 seconds, close your eyes, and then I'm going to clean it up so fast. And Jasper's mom put her hands over her eyes, and she closed her eyes so she couldn't see. And then Jasper told the cheetah to clean up so fast. And the Cheetah went cheetah fast and cleaned up all of Jasper's toys. And then the Cheetah hid under the couch. And Jasper said, mom, you could open up your eyes now. And Jasper's mom opened up her eyes, and do you know what she saw? What? All of the toys were put away. And Jasper's mom said, Jasper, how did you clean up those toys so fast? I've never seen a kid clean up toys that fast. And Jasper told his mom that he has to keep it a secret. And Jasper's mom said, Please, can you tell me? Please? And Jasper said, okay. And Jasper told his mom that last night while he was sleeping, the hamster ate a magic fruit that looks a little bit like a strawberry and tasted like a strawberry on the outside, but like ice cream on the inside. And after the hamster ate it, he turned into a little cheetah. And the little cheetah helped clean up toys. And Jasper's mom said, I think that you're tricking, because how could a hamster turn into a cheetah? And Jasper got a big smile on his face because do you know what Jasper told his mom? What? Look, mom. And he pointed under the couch, and Jasper's mom saw the little cheetah, and then she had to believe what Jasper said because Jasper showed her the cheetah. And just as she did that, Jasper's mom said, jasper, what will happen if we feed the cheetah more of that magic kind of berry? And Jasper said, that's a good idea. And Jasper and his mom went to the refrigerator where they had stored some of the magic berry, and they got two pieces out, and they gave one of the pieces of magic berry to the cheetah. And the cheetah gobbled it up. And he got a big smile on his face because it was such a yummy thing. It tasted like strawberry on the outside and ice cream on the inside. And just as Jasper was watching, the cheetah turned into a tiger. And the tiger said, RA. And Jasper said, Look, mom, the magic berry made it turn into a tiger. This time, I think the magic berry was from Savannah. Yeah. And then Jasper's mom said the magic berry must have come from a Savannah. And Jasper said that it probably did. And so Jasper and his mom decided that they would use the tiger to lift heavy things for them because tigers are so strong. So they needed to move the table to the middle of the dining room. And instead of having to push it himself, jasper just said, Tiger, can you move the table for me? And the tiger started to move the table for Jasper and his mom, and they were so happy. But then Jasper and his mom realized they needed to be sneaky. And so they gave the tiger another magic berry that tasted like strawberry and ice cream. This one tasted a little like chocolate also. And the tiger ate it, and he turned into a leopard. And the leopard decided that he would give a ride to Jasper and his mom. And Jasper and his mom got lots of leopard rides all over town. And it was a nice leopard, so it wasn't mean to anyone, but it would take them all. Like, if they needed to do grocery shopping, then do you know what would happen, bud? What? Jasper and his mom would just ride their leopard to the supermarket and get some groceries, and then they would go back home. Well, after they got back home, after they went grocery shopping on the leopard with the leopard ride. They gave it one last magic berry and the leopard turned back into a hamster. And the hamster went in his cage. And Jasper decided he would give it a different magic berry, a different day. But Jasper, his mom and the special hamster lived happily ever after. The end. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stops.