Once upon a time, there was a big boy whose name was Xander. Xander had a lot of kids in his family. He had a younger brother named Louie and a baby sister named CESE. And Xander liked to play in playgrounds so much, his favorite part of playgrounds sometimes were the slides, and sometimes Xander's favorite part were the swings. And he and Louis would take turns playing on the playground. And another thing that they also like to do for fun was playing with cars and planes. CESE was just learning how to play.

Well, one day, Xander told his parents that he and Louis wanted to see some dinosaur bones. And Xander and Louis and Cesay's mama said, well, we're going to have to go on an expedition to hunt for dinosaur bones. We're about to go to the museum. And Xander said, well, why can't we just go to the museum? And Xander's brother Louie said, Maybe because the museums are closed. And Xander and Louis'mama said that that was correct.

So Xander and Louis decided to go with their mom and their dad and their baby sister Cesay on a big expedition. So they packed up their suitcases, and they brought some shovels, and they even brought an extra toothbrush, and they set out on adventure. Their dad decided to be the one who drove the car the most, and they drove the car until they got to a desert. After they got to the desert, they decided to have a snack for gummy bears, and the dad said that they would go on a little hike while they ate the gummy bears.

And they went on a hike eating gummy bears, and Cesay started to cry. So Louie said, A good idea is for us to take a break, because it wasn't so fun to hike on this adventure. While Cesay was crying, they all decided to stop walking and just enjoy some yummy Gummy Bears. Some of the Gummy Bears were green, and some of the Gummy Bears were red. As they were walking, and as they were sitting down eating the Gummy Bears, CESE stopped crying. And CESI's mama said, it's so good that CESE stopped crying. Should we keep going? And Xander said, no, because look under that rock that you're sitting on.

And everybody looked, and under the rock that his mom was sitting on was a big dinosaur bone sticking out. And the dinosaur bone, you could only see the tippy top of it, but the tippy top looked so big that you could tell it went all the way underground. And so Xander's dad said, Well, I think we found our first dinosaur bones. Let's start digging. And he brought a grown up shovel. And Xander and Louie used their baby shovels. Well, it was really Louis that had like, a toddler shovel, and Xander had a big boy shovel, and they started shoveling the sand until they were able to get to the bottom of where the dinosaur bone was.

They had to dig such a big hole that it was bigger than a person. And so it was a really good idea that Xander and Louis mama brought some rope with her, because they used the rope to go down into the hole. When they got to the bottom, they saw that the dinosaur bone was so big, it was bigger than three people. Well, they pulled the dinosaur bone out of the hole with the rope, and they had to attach the other side of the rope to their dad's car. And the dad had drove the car, which was pulling the rope, and it pulled the dinosaur bone all the way out of the hole and onto the side of the trail.

Well, after the dinosaur bone was out, louis spotted that there was something blue right under the dinosaur bone. And Xander saw that it was an egg, but it wasn't like a chicken egg or an egg that you eat for breakfast. This was a humongous blue egg. And CESI looked at the egg and she said, Blue, blue. And their mom looked at it and said, I think we found a dinosaur egg. And Xander said, but I thought all dinosaurs were extinct. And Louis said, yeah, I thought all dinosaurs weren't alive anymore. And Xander's dad has said he thinks they left this one egg that nobody discovered. And nobody knew about this egg before because it was so deep.

So they decided they would bring the egg out of the hole, and they had to tie the rope to the egg again because it was too heavy for a person to lift up, even someone as strong as Xander. Louis and CESI's dadda, well, they pulled the rope up and attached it to the car, and the car started going and got the egg to go out of the hole. When they got the egg out of the hole, they decided that they would put some extra Gummy Bears on top of the egg, because maybe that would make the egg hatch. When they did it, they put three Gummy Bears on top. A red one, a green one, and a blue one. And nothing happened.

And then Louie said, well, from my birthday, I did have some sprinkles that went on my ice cream, and we have some extra sprinkles, so let's try to put the rainbow colored sprinkles on top of the blue egg. And Xander thought that that was a good idea. So he and Louie took turns grabbing some rainbow colored sprinkles and throwing it on top of the egg, recording flying. That's okay, bud. And they threw it on top of the egg. And when they did it, the egg hatched into a baby dinosaur. The baby dinosaur was just a little dinosaur, so it wasn't scary, but it was still as big as Xander.

And the baby dinosaur could talk. And it said, my name is Hula Belu. Dinosaur, who are you? And Xander and Louis said, we thought all dinosaurs were dead. And Hula Belu, the dinosaur said, hula Belu? Are you Hula Belu? Am I? I am Hulu. Who are you? And Xander and Louis said their names. And the dinosaur said it was so good to meet them and that he was so hungry for Gummy Bears. So they showed him where the extra Gummy Bears were, and the dinosaur ate them up. The dinosaur said that he liked to give dinosaur rides. So Xander and Louis took turns, and they used the rope to hold on to the dinosaur. And the dinosaur gave them rides through the desert trail.

And after he gave them rides, he started to go back to the hole where his egg was because he wanted to see where he hatched. And Xander and Louis showed him that he came from this blue egg and then hatched and turned into a dinosaur that was a baby. And Hula Belu, the dinosaur, looked, and he saw that there was also an earthworm that's a worm that was right next to the egg. And he asked them if they could help get the worm out. So Xander, Louis, and CESI's dada climbed back into the hole and picked up the worm and got it out. And Hula Belu, the dinosaur, said that dinosaurs love to be friends with worms.

And dinosaurs have a magical way to make worms grow the way they do. That is, dinosaurs sneeze on worms. When a dinosaur sneezes on worms, sometimes some glitter could come out of the dinosaur's nose and mouth, and it could go on top of the worm. And then the worm could become a colorful sprinkle dinkle worm, and it could get bigger, and the worm could learn how to talk. So Hula Blue, the dinosaur said, hot chew right on the worm. And the worm got all colorful and sprinkled inkly and learned how to talk. And it said that Xander and Louie could also try to take a worm ride. And Xander said that's silly. I've never heard of a worm ride. And the worm showed that even kids could take on a worm ride if the worm is big enough. And the worm slithered about in circles.

As Xander and Louis had fun, but CESI was too young for the worm ride, well, they started to head on back because they decided that they would need to find a place to keep the dinosaur with dinosaur food. And as they were going back, they saw a big dragonfly, and the dragonfly started bizzing right near Hula Belu, the dinosaur. And Hula Belu, the dinosaur, said, Why are you next to me, dragonfly? And the dragonfly said, Because dragonflies love dinosaurs also, and sometimes they like to sit on their head and start bizing in case another dinosaur comes.

Well, Hula Blue said he was a lonely dinosaur, so he'd be happy to have the dragonfly's company and a lookout for other dinosaurs. Well, they decided that their adventure was over, because not only did they find some dinosaur bones, they found a real dinosaur from an egg. But why didn't he want to see his mama? And the dinosaur that they saw, Hula Belu, said, I want to see my mama. And Xander and Louie said, okay, well, how are you going to do that? And the dinosaur said, I have a special way to grow wings, and I can fly to a different planet, and I'll see if other dinosaurs are on a different planet in the sky.

And Xander and Louis said that that was a good idea. And Xander and Louis and Cessa and their parents went back in the car and drove back home. And they always told stories of the time when Louis turned four and they had the ridiculous adventure where they found a dinosaur bone and a blue dinosaur egg that hatched and gave birth to a dinosaur, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.