Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old boy whose name was Ryan. Ryan was an incredibly special boy because he was an inventor. He had a special chair in his house that was made out of wood, with logs on the bottom, logs in the middle, and logs on top, and only Ryan was allowed to sit in it. Ryan would sit down in his inventor's chair, wear his inventor's hat, and make some very special inventions.

One of Ryan's first inventions, which he came up with on his fifth birthday, was a special kind of light bulb. When you turned the switch to the light bulb, it made you dark while everything else around you would still be light. It was a really special invention. But Ryan the inventor had so many inventions that he came up with while sitting on his wooden log chair in his house. Sometimes it was hard for Ryan to fall asleep. So, Ryan figured out how to make an invention, which was a pillow that made you fall asleep right away and have a nice, happy dream when you put your head on it.

Everyone was so happy with Ryan because he would make extras so he could give his inventions to different kids. All of the kids in the whole city that Ryan lived in were really happy that Ryan was such a good inventor. But Ryan kept coming up with new inventions, and one day, he figured out how to build a laughing machine. A laughing machine was a really silly machine that made a kid laugh when it went near them, even if the kid was sad. All of the kids from the whole country that Ryan lived in made a big line, and they all took turns waiting for the laughing machine. It made some kids laugh so much that they even fell down from laughing and couldn't stop laughing. All their friends started laughing, and it was so silly.

Well, all of the kids in the whole country started talking about Ryan, and soon there were kids from around the world who came to see Ryan the Inventor's special machines. One day, Ryan the inventor figured out how to build a candy machine. The candy machine was like a mini factory for candy. Whenever you wanted candy, all you had to do was press a button, and the whole factory went into action, and a candy came out. The way that it came out of the little candy factory that Ryan made his invention is that it popped out, and then it fell down on a candy trampoline, and it bounced up from the candy trampoline. Then, as it was bouncing up, it caught on a balloon. The balloon would then carry away the candy, and the balloon would go around until finally, a little bird would peep and pop the balloon, and the candy would fall down right into a kid's hands.

There were so many kids from around the whole world that would come to Ryan's house to see about his inventions. If you were a kid who had trouble falling asleep, all you needed was one of Ryan's pillows. Or if you were a kid who needed to laugh more because you were sad, all you needed to do was try the Laugh machine. It made you laugh and be happy. But then when you wanted to stop laughing, you could stop also.

One of the inventions that Ryan made was called Hula, and it looked like a bandaid, but it had some twinkly kind of thing on it. When a kid put it on a boo-boo, the boo-boo felt better right away. Ryan found out that bandaids have a special kind of dust called zynga dust, which comes from a cave in Afghanistan. The zynga dust in bandaids helps kids feel better. So, Ryan figured out how to invent hulas, which looked like bandaids, but it had more zynga dust in it, so kids felt better right away.

Ryan decided that he wanted to travel the world on top of a bird. He invented a bird that was so big that it could carry him around the world, traveling as it flapped its wings. This way, Ryan could visit different cities and see his fans and the kids who wanted to see him more often. It was easier than traveling by airplane. The bird went faster and was also safer because Ryan made the bird special just to be safe. It even had a car seat attached to it because Ryan remembered to build that into the invention.

Ryan went around the world showing all of the kids his special inventions. Then, there were a lot of other kids who thought, "Well, if Ryan's five years old and he can think of inventions, maybe we can think of inventions, too." So, those kids started to think about what kinds of things they would want to build. Five-year-olds around the world started coming up with ideas on their own. Ryan and his family lived happily ever after. The end.