You welcome to make top stories. This is Rory from Scotland. Hi. My name is Ryan. I live in New Jersey. I live in New Jersey, and I am five years old. And I am five years old, and I want a story about, um, a pillow, a light bulb, and house. Just kidding. There's a jelly. Jonah tonight's makeup story request is from a five year old boy who lives in New Jersey and whose name is Ryan. And Ryan asked for us to make up a story that includes a pillow, a light bulb, and a house. But is Ryan a real person, or did we make him off? Well, once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old boy whose name was Ryan. Ryan was an incredibly special boy because he was an inventor. And Ryan had a special chair in his house that was made out of wood, and it had logs on the bottom and logs in middle and logs on top, and only Ryan was allowed to sit in it. And Ryan would sit down in his inventor's chair, and he would wear his inventor's hat, and he would make some very special inventions. One of Ryan's first inventions, which he came up with on his fifth birthday, was a special kind of light bulb. And when you turned the switch to the light bulb, do you know what happened? What? It made you dark the light bulb. Everything else around you would still be light. But when you turned on the light bulb that Ryan invented, it made just you dark. It was a really special invention. But Ryan the inventor had so many inventions that he came up with while sitting on his wooden log chair in his house. Sometimes it was hard for Ryan to fall asleep. And so Ryan figured out how to make an invention, which was a pillow that when you put your head on the pillow, it made you fall asleep right away and have a nice, happy dream. And everyone was so happy with Ryan, because Ryan would make extras so he could give his inventions to different kids. And all of the kids in the whole city that Ryan lived in were really happy that Ryan was such a good inventor. But Ryan keep coming up with new inventions, and one day, he figured out how to build a laughing machine. And a laughing machine was a really silly machine that when it went near a kid, it made the kid laugh, even if the kid was sad. And all of the kids from the whole country that Ryan lived in made a big line, and they all took turns waiting for the laughing machine. And it made some kids laugh so much that they even fell down from laughing and couldn't stop laughing. And all their friends started laughing, and it was so silly. Well, all of the kids in the whole country started talking about Ryan, and soon there were kids from around the world who came to see Ryan the Inventor's special machines. One day, Ryan the inventor figured out how to build a candy machine. And the candy machine was like a mini factory for candy. And whenever you wanted a candy, all you had to do is press a button, and the whole fracture went and a candy came out. Well, did it shoot out 200? Was it a gun that shooted out 200 candy? Well, the way that it came out of the little candy factory that Ryan made his invention is that it popped out, and then it fell down on a candy trampoline, and it bounced up from the candy trampoline. And then as it was bouncing up, it caught on a balloon. And the balloon would then carry away the candy, and the balloon would go around until finally, a little bird would peep and pop the balloon, and the candy would fall down right into a kid's hands, a metal board he made. Well, he was a really good inventor. Bud, should I tell you about some other inventions that he made? What? Well, so there were so many kids from around the whole world that would come to Ryan's house to see about his inventions. Because if you're a kid that has trouble falling asleep, all you needed was one of Ryan's pillows. Or if you were a kid that needed to laugh more because you're sad, all you needed to do is try the Laugh machine. Well, that just make you laugh, and you'll never stop. No, it doesn't make you laugh, and you'll never stop. It makes you laugh and you're happy. But then when you want to stop laughing, you could stop also. But there were other really good inventions that Ryan made, because people were coming from all over the whole world to see his inventions. One of the inventions that Ryan made, and soon there was every kid in the whole entire world was standing right in front of Ryan's house. Well, I'm going to tell you, because he came up with a really good invention. The invention was called Hula, and it looks like a bandaid, but it was a little bit it had, like, some some twinkly kind of thing on it and hula, so it looked like a bandaid. And when a kid put it on a boo boo, the boo boo felt better right away. And the way that Ryan made the Hula invention is he was sitting in his log chair, and he had on his thinking cap, and he was thinking, okay, well, bandaids do make you feel better, but it takes some time. How about we figure out how bandaids make you better? And then if we figure out how bandaids make you better, then we could make hulas, and Hulas could do it faster. And and Ryan found out that bandaids have a special kind of dust called zynga dust, which comes from a cave in afghanistan. And the zynga dust in bandaids helps kids feel better. And so Ryan figured out how to invent hulas, which look like bandaids, but it has more zynga dust in it, so kids feel better right away. That's how it works. That's how Ryan was so good at figuring out how to invent things. Yes. And so kids would sometimes take airplanes from different countries to come see Ryan, and Ryan would give them ideas for how to invent. And sometimes there were grown ups that would take Ryan's picture or ask him to go on a television show. And Ryan was becoming so famous, and Ryan decided that he wanted to travel the world on top of a bird. But there's no real life bird that could fit somebody who's like a person on top. Yeah. And so Ryan decided he would just invent that kind of bird. And it started by Ryan putting some clay together and some mud. He was playing outside, and he made something that was kind of in the shape of a bird, and then he attached some wires to it and electricity, which kids shouldn't play with without their parents supervision. And after he did that, he also started using some tools and instruments in it, like hammers and screwdrivers. And he managed to turn something that was made out of clay and mud into a real life bird that was so big, and that is the bird that took Ryan around the world, traveling as it flapped its wings. And this way, Ryan could visit different cities and see his fans and the kids who wanted to see him more often. It was easier than traveling by airplane. Did it go faster? Yeah, it went faster. And it was also safer because Ryan made the bird special just to be safe. And so Ryan went around have a car seat. Yeah, it did have a car seat attached to it, because Ryan remembered to build that into the invention. And so Ryan went around the world showing all of the kids his special inventions. And then there were a lot of other kids that thought, well, if Ryan's five years old and he could think of inventions, maybe we could think of inventions, too. And so those kids started to think, well, what kinds of things would we want to build? And then five year olds around the world started coming up with ideas on their own. And Ryan and his family lived happily ever after. The end. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stories.