Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Nora. Nora lived in a fairy princess rainbow land where the streets were made out of sprinkles and the sidewalks were made out of graham crackers. In the fairy princess land that Nora lived in, all of the horses were big and tall, and some of them even had pink diamonds on their heads. In the fairyland, there were also lots of wonderful magic things. And everyone who lived there got to have either a pet puppy or a pet cat, and you got to choose. So Nora asked her mom one day what she should choose. And Nora's mom told Nora that because they were in such a wonderful magic land, they should go to the end of the rainbow and they should open up a treasure box, and they should see whether inside the treasure box there was a kitty cat or a dog.

Well, Nora and her mom got into their flying car, and the flying car looked like it was a unicorn, because instead of having wheels, the car had legs, and it also had long wings, like from a big bird. And the flying car flew with Nora and her mom to the end of the rainbow. When they got to the end of the rainbow, they saw that there was a gold treasure box. It was locked, and the gold treasure box was so heavy that nobody could move it. Nora and her mom got out of the magical flying car with the unicorn legs and with the big bird wings. And when Nora stepped on the ground, she saw that so much glitter started to go up in the air. And Nora's mom held Nora's hand, and they looked at the gold treasure box.

While they were looking at the gold treasure box, they saw that there were a lot of fairies that started to come from out of different hiding places. There were some fairies that were hiding in trees behind leaves. There were other fairies that came down from the clouds where they had been hiding in the white clouds. And all of the fairies started sliding down the rainbow and going right next to the treasure chest where Nora and her mom were waiting next to the parked magic car. And the fairies started dancing around in the air and dancing in circles as they were flying on top of Nora and her mom, and they were making so much magic that if Nora and her mom stayed in middle of the circle, they were able to float in the air for just a few seconds. And the way Nora and her parent and her mom was able to do it was all they had to do was think about jumping. If you started to think, jump, then while the fairies were making circles around you, you would start going off the ground all by yourself. And you can go off the ground so much that it was like, as high as a step stool. That's how high Nora and her mom were able to float off the ground.

While they were floating off the ground, all of the fairies started to go right on the golden treasure box. And when the fairies started landing on the golden treasure box, the golden treasure box started to glow. And you can see that inside of the golden treasure box, something special was happening. It sounded like maybe there was a toy inside, but you couldn't tell what kind of toy it was. Nora and her mom watched as slowly and carefully, a fairy stuck her magic wand into the locked treasure box, and the lock opened. And then Nora took off the lock, and they opened up the treasure box, and they saw a pretend kitty cat. The pretend kitty cat was made out of plastic, and it looked like a toy from a store. But when Nora took it out of the golden treasure box, all of the fairies started going in front of the pretend plastic kitty cat, and they started waving their magic wands, and they went in circles, and the plastic toy magic kitty cat started to become real and, like a regular kitty cat. And soon you can see that it had fur just like a regular kitty cat, and it had kitty cat ears, and it had a kitty cat tail now. And soon its eyes started to work, and the kitty cat opened its eyes and said, "Meow."

This was really a magical place that Nora lived in. And just as the kitty cat said, "Meow," the rainbows flashed colors, and it became a disco light rainbow. And all of the fairies were so happy to see that. And the kitty cat that just came alive looked at the disco light rainbow, and he started to meow. One of the fairies whispered a trick into Nora's ear. The fairy said, "Nora, the reason this kitty cat is special is that if you feed it a doggy treat, it will become a dog. And then if you feed the kitty cat a kitty treat, it'll become a kitty cat again." And in this magic land, kitty cats could change to puppies, and puppies could change to kitty cats. And Nora said, "Well, how do I get, like, a dog treat, some dog food, some puppy food to give to the kitty cat?" And one of the fairies said, "Poof padoof." And as she said poof padoof, she waved her magic wand, and soon there were some little stars that came out and a dog treat. And Nora told the kitty cat, "Kitty cat, come eat the dog treat." And the kitty cat started to eat the little dog treat. And just as he started to eat it, his tail got waggy, and the kitty started getting bigger and bigger and looking like a puppy. And it was saying, "Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof," because it was just a little puppy. It couldn't be so big because it was just a kitty cat.

And Nora told the puppy that she was going to help feed it and also that they were going to go on a lot of adventures together. And the puppy said, "Okay." And the puppy came to Nora for a hug, and Nora hugged the puppy, and the puppy tried to lick Nora's face, but Nora's hair was in the way. And Nora's mom told Nora she did such a good job changing the kitty cat into a puppy. And Nora told her mom that later she was going to change it back into a kitty cat because they were going to go on a special kitty cat adventure. Nora's mom told Nora that it was a lot of fun to live in this magic place. And Nora said that for lunch, she wanted to have some magic food. And the magic food looked like a carrot, but it tasted like ice cream. And if you ate a little bit of it, then it gave you special powers.

So Nora and her mom looked for the magic food restaurant, and they saw that it was three blocks away. And Nora and her mom went to the magic food restaurant, and they ate some magic food, and they lived happily ever after. The end.