Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a ten-year-old boy named Harry Potter. Harry wore some funny black glasses and lived under a staircase. The family he lived with wasn't very nice to him. They told him he couldn't have lots of candy and couldn't do many fun things. So, Harry was sometimes sad in his room under the staircase.

The family Harry lived with didn't know any magic. They were just regular people. But Harry knew how to do magic because his real parents were magicians, and the people he lived with weren't his real mom and dad, and they didn't know any magic.

One day, Harry opened the door to his room under the stairs and saw that outside the window, there were some fireflies. It was nighttime, and fireflies are like tiny flies that make a little bit of light as they fly by, and it looks like a light bulb that goes flash in the air at night. That night, Harry saw maybe about 58, 59, as many as 70 fireflies twinkling outside the house he lived in. And Harry, because he was magic, could talk to fireflies. He said to the fireflies, "We saw us. We saw us. We saw us. We saw us. We saw us. We saw Usawasa Wiese." The fireflies started singing back to him, "He saw us. He saw us. He saw us. He saw us."

As Harry and the fireflies sang and made little twinkly lights in the sky, Harry decided that the fireflies could make a big spider web together and use it as a net to carry him away. Because even though Harry knew how to do magic, he didn't know how to fly. So the fireflies made a spider web, and Harry went in the spider web and flew out of the window from the house he lived in. The fireflies kept twinkling, dazzling, sparkling, and making light in the sky as they carried Harry on his special spider web bed through the sky. They carried Harry so high he went over the clouds until, finally, Harry heard the sound of a choo-choo train going, and suddenly the fireflies started lowering the web down.

Harry looked under the clouds because they were getting lower, and he saw a castle. The castle was made of stone and had a big stone wall around it. Inside the castle, there were lots of towers, and some of the towers were shaped like an upside-down ice cream cone on top. In the towers, he saw many kids with brooms doing magic. The spider web, carried by the fireflies, went all the way down to that castle.

When Harry landed on the ground, the fireflies and the spider web went away. Harry looked up and saw an old man with a beard in front of him. The old man with a beard had a cane and was very tall. He said to Harry, "Harry, how did you get here?" Harry told the old man that some friendly fireflies with a spider web carried him from his house all the way here. The old man with a cane told Harry, "Well, Harry Potter, this is a fun place for boys who can do magic. Here you're going to have lots of fun and do many tricks." Harry said that he wanted to see his parents, and the man with the old cane said, "Your parents live here too, and so you're going to have fun with them as well."

Harry walked into the castle, and when he opened the door, he saw that it was indeed magical. When they opened the door, there was a big red cloud inside the castle, and Harry had never seen a cloud indoors. This cloud wasn't white like other clouds; it was red and had sprinkles floating in it. In the middle of this cloud, there were waterfalls, and the waterfalls didn't have water spilling in them but instead had milk and apple juice. There were candles in this castle, and the candles weren't made of wax; they were made of honey. There was a kitty cat in this castle, and the kitty cat was really, really silly because this kitty cat had frog legs. It meowed like a regular kitty cat, but its back legs were like a frog, and this kitty cat loved to go into the water and loved baths.

Harry looked at a table in the castle and saw something amazing: a rainbow-colored lizard. Harry said to the lizard, "Hinka wakun kawink waka nuka hink wakaka." Just as he said that, the rainbow-colored lizard turned into a magic wand. Harry picked up the magic wand, and the old man with the long beard and the cane who was with Harry told him he could use that magic wand to do any kind of magic that he wanted. But he always had to say the magic words first.

Harry decided that for his first magic trick, he would make an apple tree come into the castle. But he told the old man that instead of apples, he was going to have this tree grow raisins, and the tree was going to be in a puddle of yogurt instead of regular dirt. The old man said, "Okay, Harry Potter. Let's see how you do this magic trick." Harry waved his magic wand and said, "Halu shabba kalu. Shabbah shabba kalu lu Kashaba kawi." Just as he said that, a tree sprouted with raisins coming out of it, and it was in a big pile of yogurt. Harry did such a good job making this tree that the old man from the school said, "You did such a good job, Harry Potter." He showed Harry where his parents were, and Harry's parents were so proud of him.

Harry and his parents and the old man from the school lived happily ever after. In the castle, Harry also made fish be able to swim through the air. So everyone lived happily ever after. The end.