Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a ten-year-old boy whose name was Harry Potter. Harry Potter wore some silly black glasses and lived under a staircase. The family whose house he lived in was not very nice to him. They told him that he couldn't have a lot of candy and that he couldn't do a lot of fun things. So, Harry Potter was sometimes sad in his room under the staircase.

Well, the family that Harry Potter lived with didn't know any magic. They were just regular people. But Harry Potter knew how to do magic because his real parents were magicians, and the people he lived with weren't his real mom and dad, and they didn't know any magic.

One day, Harry Potter opened the door that led into his room under the stairs and saw that outside the window of the house, there were some fireflies. It was nighttime, and fireflies are like little itty-bitty flies that make a little bit of light as they fly by, and it looks like a light bulb that goes flash in the air at night. Well, this night, Harry Potter saw maybe about 58, 59, as many as 70 fireflies twinkling about right outside the people's house he lived in. And Harry Potter, because he was magic, was able to talk to fireflies. He said to the fireflies, "We saw us. We saw us. We saw us. We saw us. We saw us. We saw Usawasa Wiese." The fireflies started singing back to him, "He saw us. He saw us. He saw us. He saw us."

As Harry Potter and the fireflies sang and made little twinkly lights in the sky, Harry Potter decided that the fireflies could make a big spider web altogether and use it as a net to carry him away. Because even though Harry Potter knew how to do magic, he didn't know how to fly. So the fireflies made a spider web, and Harry Potter went in the spider web and flew out of the window from the house he lived in. The fireflies kept twinkling, dazzling, sparkling, and making light in the sky as they carried Harry Potter on his special spider web bed through the sky. They carried Harry Potter so high he went over the clouds until, finally, Harry Potter heard the sound of a choo-choo train going, and suddenly the fireflies started lowering the web down.

Harry Potter looked under the clouds because they were getting lower, and he saw that there was a castle. The castle was made out of stone and had a big stone wall around it. Inside the castle, there were lots of towers, and some of the towers were the shape of an upside-down ice cream cone on top. In the towers, he saw a lot of kids with brooms doing magic. The spider web that he was on, which was carried by the fireflies, went all the way down, all the way to that castle.

When Harry Potter went on the ground, the fireflies and the spider web went away. Harry Potter looked up and saw that there was an old man with a beard in front of him. The old man with a beard had a cane, and he was so tall. He said to Harry Potter, "Harry, how did you get here?" Harry Potter told the old man that some friendly fireflies with a spider web carried him from his house all the way here. The old man with a cane told Harry Potter, "Well, Harry Potter, this is a fun place for boys who can do magic. Here you're going to get to have a lot of fun and do a lot of tricks." Harry Potter said that he wanted to see his parents, and the person with the old cane said, "Your parents live here too, and so you're going to get to have fun with them as well."

Harry Potter walked into the castle, and once he opened the door, he saw that it was indeed magical. When they opened the door, there was a big red cloud inside the castle, and Harry Potter had never seen a cloud indoors. This cloud wasn't white like other clouds; it was red and had sprinkles floating in it. In the middle of this cloud, there were waterfalls, and the waterfalls didn't have water spilling in them but instead had milk and apple juice. There were candles in this castle, and the candles weren't made out of wax; they were made out of honey. There was a kitty cat in this castle, and the kitty cat was really, really silly because this kitty cat had frog legs. It meowed like a regular kitty cat, but its back legs were like a frog, and this kitty cat loved to go into the water and loved baths.

Harry Potter looked at a table in the castle and saw something so good: a rainbow-colored lizard. Harry Potter said to the lizard, "Hinka wakun kawink waka nuka hink wakaka." Just as he said that, the rainbow-colored lizard turned into a magic wand. Harry Potter picked up the magic wand, and the old man with the long beard and the cane who was with Harry Potter told him he could use that magic wand to do any kind of magic that he wanted. But he always had to say the magic words first.

Harry Potter decided that for his first magic trick, he would make an apple tree come into the castle. But he told the old man that instead of apples, he was going to have this tree grow raisins, and the tree was going to be in a puddle of yogurt instead of regular dirt. The old man said, "Okay, Harry Potter. Let's see how you do this magic trick." Harry Potter waved his magic wand and said, "Halu shabba kalu. Shabbah shabba kalu lu Kashaba kawi." Just as he said that, a tree sprouted with raisins coming out of it, and it was in a big pile of yogurt. Harry Potter did such a good job making this tree that the old person from the school said, "You did such a good job, Harry Potter." He showed Harry Potter where his parents were, and Harry Potter's parents were so proud of him.

Harry and his parents and the old person from the school lived happily ever after. In the castle, Harry Potter also made fish be able to swim through the air. So everyone lived happily ever after. The end.