Welcome back to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. My name is Steve. I make up new stories every night without preparing to put my five year old son to bed. You should listen to another story tomorrow. But right now, we're ready for today's story. So get ready. Get tucked in. Makeup story time begin. So tonight's story is a request from a listener who wrote a really nice review of the podcast and asked for a story that includes Harry Potter magic. And also we are going to add a kitty cat, a fish and a lizard to the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a ten year old boy whose name was Harry Potter. And Harry Potter wore some silly black glasses and he lived under a staircase. The family whose house he lived in was not very nice to him. They told him that he can't have a lot of candy and that he can't do a lot of fun things. So Harry Potter was sometimes sad in his room under the staircase. Well, the family that Harry Potter lived with didn't know any magic. They were just regular people. But Harry Potter knew how to do magic because Harry Potter's real mama and dada were magicians and the people that Harry Potter lived with weren't his real mom and dad, and they didn't know any magic. Well, one day, Harry Potter opened the door that led into his room under the stairs and he saw that outside of the window to the house there were some fireflies. It was nighttime. And fireflies are like little itty bitty flies that make a little bit of light as they fly by and it looks like a light bulb that goes flash in the air at night. Well, this night, Harry Potter saw maybe about 58, 59, as many as 70 fireflies twinkling about right outside of the people's house that he lived in. And Harry Potter, because he was magic, was able to talk to fireflies. And he said to the fireflies, we saw us. We saw us. We saw us. We saw us. We saw us. We saw Usawasa Wiese. And the fireflies started singing back to him. He saw us. He saw us. He saw us. He saw was. And as Harry Potter and the fireflies sang and made little twinkly lights in the sky, harry Potter decided that the fireflies could make a big spider web altogether and use it as a net to carry him away. Because even though Harry Potter knew how to do magic, he didn't know how to fly it. So the fireflies made a spider web and Harry Potter went in the spider web and he flew out of the window from the house that he lived in. The fireflies kept twinkling and dazzling and sparkling and making light in the sky as they carried Harry Potter on his special spider web's bed through the sky. They carried Harry Potter so high he went over the clouds until finally Harry Potter heard the sound of a ChuChu train going and suddenly the fireflies started lowering the web down. Harry Potter looked under the clouds because they were getting lower. And he saw that there was a castle. And the castle was made out of stone and had a big stone wall around it. And inside the castle there were lots of towers. And some of the towers were the shape of an upside down ice cream cone on top. And in the towers, he saw a lot of kids with brooms doing magic. And the spider web that he was on, which was carried by the fireflies, went all the way down, all the way to that castle. Well, when Harry Potter went on the ground, the fireflies in the spider web went away. And Harry Potter looked up and he saw that there was an old old man with a beard in front of him. And the old man with a beard had a cane, and he was so tall. And he said to Harry Potter, harry, how did you get here? And Harry Potter told the old man that some friendly fireflies with a spider web carried him from his house all the way here. And the old man told, with a cane told Harry Potter, well, Harry Potter, this is a fun place for boys who can do magic. Here you're going to get to have a lot of fun and do a lot of tricks. And Harry Potter said that he wants to see his parents. And the person with the old cane said your parents live here too and so you're going to get to have fun with them as well. Well, Harry Potter walked into the castle and once he walked into the castle and opened the door he saw that it was indeed magical. When they opened the door, there was a big cloud inside the castle. And Harry Potter had never seen a cloud indoors. And this cloud wasn't white like other clouds. It was red. And this cloud had sprinkles floating in it. And Harry Potter had never seen a red cloud with sprinkles floating in it. And in middle of this cloud, there were waterfalls. And the waterfalls didn't have water spilling in them but instead, there was milk and apple juice. And there were candles in this castle. And the candles weren't made out of wax. They were made out of honey. And there was a kitty cat in this castle. And the kitty cat was really, really silly because this kitty cat had frog legs and it meowed like a regular kitty cat but its back legs were like a frog. And this kitty cat loved to go into the water and loved baths. Well, Harry Potter looked on a table in the castle and he saw something so good the thing that Harry Potter saw was a rainbow colored lizard. And Harry Potter said to the lizard, Hinka wakun kawink waka nuka hink wakaka. And just as he said that, the rainbow colored lizard turned into a magic wand. And Harry Potter picked up the magic wand and the old man with the long beard and the cane who was with Harry Potter told Harry Potter he could use that magic wand to do any kind of magic that he wanted. But he always had to say the magic words first. And so Harry Potter decided that for his first magic trick he would make an apple tree come into the castle. But he told the old man that instead of apples he was going to have this tree grow raisins. And the tree was going to be in a puddle of yogurt instead of regular dirt. And so the old man said, okay, Harry Potter. Let's see how you do this magic trick. And Harry Potter waved his magic wand and said halu shabba kalu. Shabbah shabba kalu lu Kashaba kawi. And just as he said that a tree sprouted with raisins coming out of it. And it was in a big pile of yogurt. And Harry Potter did such a good job making this tree that the old person from the school said you did such a good job, Harry Potter. And he showed Harry Potter where his parents were. And Harry Potter's parents were so proud of him. And Harry and his parents and the old person from the school lived happily ever after. And in the castle, Harry Potter also made fish be able to swim through the air. And so everyone lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of this story. I'm going to make up a new story for you tomorrow. It's going to be a good story. Remember to tell your parents that you want to listen to the Makeup Stories podcast tomorrow. The way you tell your parents is you say I want to listen to more makeup stories. Then you will get to listen to another story tomorrow. You should also tell your friends to listen to makeup stories. Listen again tomorrow.