Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They were taking a trip to a museum that was under the ground. To get into the museum, they had to go through a tunnel. The door to the museum was made of a really big rock, and the doorknob was actually a gem. Instead of touching the doorknob, they had to say a secret password, which changed every day. Jonah and Jesse went under the tunnel and got to the big rock door with the gem doorknob. They tried to figure out what the secret password was. Jesse said, "kitty cat meow meow," but the door didn't open. Jonah guessed that it might be "rock gem open," but the door didn't open either.

As they were trying to figure out what the password could be, Jonah and Jesse realized there was no way they could just guess what the password was, so they decided to look around for clues. Jesse saw some letters written backward on the ground in the dirt right before the rock door. Jonah read the letters, and they said, "Secret Museum." As soon as Jonah read the letters, the gem doorknob started to have a light inside of it that lit up, and the rock door started making a thundering noise. Then it fell under the ground.

Instead of opening regularly, the door fell under the ground. Jonah and Jesse looked inside the museum and saw a guard dressed in a pink suit, wearing a pink hat and orange gloves. The guard welcomed them to the oldest museum in the world and offered to give them a tour. The museum had been filled with secrets and magical items by one person from each generation, chosen because they were the closest to a magician.

Jonah and Jesse agreed to the tour and started walking down a hall with a blue carpet that felt squishy, like chocolate pudding or yogurt. As they walked, their footsteps left prints on the ceiling. The guard showed them the first exhibit: the first car ever made, which had an engine made out of Lego. Jonah and Jesse were skeptical because Lego hadn't been invented yet, but the guard explained that the inventor of the car had been very advanced for his time.

The guard demonstrated the car's abilities by making the glass in front of the car turn into sand, and the car drove out. The car drove over the squishy carpet, vacuuming it up and transforming it into a drone. The guard allowed Jonah and Jesse to ride in the car, but first, they had to wear pink jackets. When they put on the jackets, they felt like they had dinosaur strength but still had regular people bodies.

Jonah and Jesse flew through the museum on their drone car, seeing many different inventions, such as the first light bulb, which had a candle inside. Eventually, they wanted to test out their dino strength, so they asked to leave the museum. The guard warned them that they would lose their dino strength if they left, but they decided to go anyway.

As soon as they left the museum, the rock wall with the gem went back up, and they lost their dino strength. It was getting late, so Jonah and Jesse had to go back home. They knew they would return to the museum another time because there were so many different parts they hadn't seen yet. Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.