Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup stories. And I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www dot Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use. Bye. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Issa. Go to makeupstories.com if you want to be in the club. Okay. Jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup Story to be about? A car that only has wheels on one side and none wheels on the other side. Because I has some boosters on the other side instead of wheels because it's a twelve sequence. Okay? A car, a Lego turn to a Lego car that has wheels on one side and a booster on another side, and it's a drone also, and it could turn into a car. Jonah, what do you want to be in tonight's makeup story? I want a coat that if you wear it, you become a dino. Okay. And Jonah wants a coat that if you wear the coat, you become a dinosaur. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse were taking a trip to a museum that was under the ground. And to get into the museum, you had to go through a tunnel. And the door to the museum was made of like, a really big rock, and the doorknob was actually a gem. And you didn't touch the doorknob, the gem to open the door. Instead, what you had to do was say a secret password, and the secret password changed every day. So Jonah and Jesse went under the tunnel, and they got to the big rock door with the gem doorknob, and they tried to figure out what the secret password was. And Jesse said, kitty cat meow meow. And the door didn't open. And Jonah guessed that it might be rock gem open, and the door didn't open. And as they were trying to figure out what the password could be, jonah and Jesse, they said that there was no way that they could just guess what the password was, and so they would have to look around for clues. And Jesse saw that there were some letters written backwards on the ground in the dirt right before the rock door. And Jonah read the letters, and it said Secret Museum. And just as Jonah read the letters, the gem doorknob started to have a light inside of it that lit up, and the rock door started making a thundering kind of noise, and then it fell under the ground. Instead of opening regularly, then you walk inside, usually open sideways. Yeah, usually doors open sideways and then you could walk inside, but this door just, like, fell under the ground. And when Jonah and Jesse looked inside the museum, they saw that there was a guard. And the guard was dressed in a pink suit, and the guard had a pink hat, and he also was wearing gloves that were orange. And the guard said, welcome to the oldest museum in the world. And the guard said that he was going to give Jonah and Jesse a tour of the oldest museum of the world. And the way the museum worked is that in the olden days, like before, everyone who's on earth right now was on Earth, there was one person in every generation. Like a generation is like kids and then parents, then grandparents and their great grandparents. One person in every generation was assigned to put a special secret or a magical item in this underground museum. And in every generation, there was one person who put one secret in this museum. And so, over a long time since the first humans were on earth, the museum got more and more secrets. And the person who was chosen in every generation to put the secrets there was the person who was the closest to a magician. And that person had to know the most science and the most kinds of tricks of anyone. And that was the person who would secretly go into the tunnel and write down their trick and also leave a secret note. And so the person that was wearing the pink suit and the orange gloves asked Jonah and Jesse if they were ready to see the first part of the museum. And Jonah. And Jesse said yes. So they started walking down a hall that had a blue carpet. And when you stepped on the blue carpet, it felt like there was like chocolate pudding under the carpet or yogurt or something that was like a little bit squishy. And Jonah and Jesse had to be careful that they didn't fall in the carpet, but they were walking on the squishy carpet. And as they were walking, every time they made a step, the ceiling had a step go down in them. So there was a footprint on the ceiling whenever they stepped on the carpet. And the person who was guarding the museum in the pink suit and giving them a tour said, it is time for us to see the first exhibit. And he showed them that there was a part of the museum that had a glass covering, and you can see through the glass, and behind the glass was a car. And it was the first car that was ever made. And it looked like a really old car. It had thin wheels. And the thing about this car was that even though it looks like it was so old, the engine of the car was made out of Lego. And Jonah and Jesse, they whispered to each other that they knew the first car couldn't really be made of Lego because Lego wasn't even invented yet. And the person in the pink suit, he was able to hear everything because he had a special instrument in his ear that could make him hear even whispers. And he said, oh, you thought that Lego didn't exist yet. Well, remember, it was the smartest person from the olden days when the first car was invented that made this kind of car, and watch what it could do. And just as he said that, the glass that was in front of the car just poofed, and it turned into a lot of sand. And then the sand fell down, and the car drove right out. And Jonah and Jesse got out of the way. And the car went on that carpet that was on top of that, like squishy chocolate pudding or yogurt kind of stuff. And as the car drove over the carpet, the carpet started to go in the car's engine. And when the carpet started to go in the car's engine, it was like the car was eating up the carpet. And as the car ate up, it was like a vacuum. Yeah, it was like vacuuming up the carpet, kind of. And the stuff that was under it, that was like chocolate pudding or yogurt or something that got sucked up, too, into the car's gas tank. And suddenly the wheels of the car started to go sideways, and it started to look like the car was turning into a drone. And the wheel started to turn around really fast sideways, and it was kind of like a drone, and it was pushing air down, and the car was able to float. And the person in the pink suit told Jonah and Jesse that really the first car that was ever invented, like, had this secret power. And then people forgot how to make drones, and they forgot how to do all sorts of cool things, and nobody would believe the inventor of the first car was able to do that. And so that's why the actually, in real life, they do know how to make drones. Yeah, now they do. But in the olden days, they didn't. Yeah, because my brother has one that doesn't work because it doesn't have anybody. Yeah, the inventor of the car really knew how to turn it into a drone, but nobody believed him. And so that's what he chose to put in this secret museum tunnel. And Jesse said, well, can we go in a ride in it? And the person in the pink suit said, yes. And Jesse and Jonah went in the car, and the person in the pink suit said, wait, if you're driving the car, you need to wear this pink jacket. And he took off his pink jacket, and under his pink jacket, there was another pink jacket. And he gave one pink jacket to Jonah, and he gave the other pink jacket to Jesse, and under his second pink jacket, there was just another pink jacket. Like, all he was wearing is pink jackets under all of his other jackets? Yeah, and under so many pink jackets. Do you know what? He didn't have regular skin. He had furry pink fur. And Jesse put on one pink jacket, and Jonah put on the other pink jacket. And when they put it on Jesse and Jonah, they felt like they were starting to become kind of dinosaur people. They were dinosaur people in the sense that they had dinosaur strength. Like, they were as strong as a dinosaur, but they still had regular people bodies. And so they were flying on this kind of drone car through the museum. And as they went through the tunnel, they saw lots of different inventions. Like, for example, they saw the first light bulb. And the first light bulb had, like, plastic on the outside, and it was a candle on the inside. And the way it worked is, instead of having to light the candle with a match or a lighter or something like that, well, you can't light the candle, because how would you take a light bulb apart? Yeah, you couldn't even do that because there was no way to do it. The way it worked is you would have to put one battery under the light bulb and one battery on top of the light bulb, and then suddenly the candle would turn on inside the light bulb. And that's how the first inventor of the light bulb made that light bulb. And Jesse and Jonah, they really wanted to try to use their dino strength, but there was no place for them to use it. So they asked if they could go out of the museum to test out their dino strength. And the person said, Are you sure you want to end the tour? And Jesse said, okay, but we're going to come back another time. And Jesse and Jonah zoomed out of the museum on their drone car. And right after they got out of the museum, the rock wall with the gem went back up, and they lost their dino strength. And Jesse and Jonah, it was getting late, so they had to go back home after that. But they knew they were going to take another trip to the museum because there were so many different parts of the museum that they didn't see. And Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. Thank you for listening to makeup stories. My name is Clyback. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the group. Tell your friends.