Hi. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Adeline. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi, my name is Adeline, and I live in Napa, California state, and I am four. In the story, I will like a princess and a frog dog in a princess castle in a race car. And thank you. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a girl named Adeline who lives in Napa, California, and who turns five years old tomorrow on March 9. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Adeline. Happy birthday, Adeline. And Adeline asked for us to make up a story that includes a frog, a princess castle, and a race car. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Adeline. When Adeline was younger, she saw some smoke outside, and she said, mom, it's so smoky outside, and now we can't play in the playground. And Adeline's mom told her that after the smoke went away, they would be able to go to Antarctica, where the South Pole is, to have a great adventure. Well, one day the smoke was gone, and Adeline's mom said, do you think today's a good day for us to go on our adventure to the South Pole? And Adeline said it was a good idea, but she didn't know how they were going to get to the South Pole. Adeline asked her mom, how are we even going to get to the South Pole? And Adeline's mom told her that they were going to take a big ship that would sail through the giant Pacific Ocean and go all the way down far past South America in a different continent, all the way to the bottom of the Earth, where the South Pole is. And it is so snowy in the South Pole, there's big piles of snow that are as big as mountains. Adeline was very excited, and the next day, she went with her mom and her dad on a big boat that was parked in San Francisco. And Adeline and her parents went on the boat. And the captain of the boat said, everyone, I have an important announcement to make. And Adeline said, what's the captain's announcement going to be? And the captain said, everyone who got on this boat is very lucky because we're going to go all the way to the South Pole. Do you need very thick winter jackets? We're going to go all the way to the South Pole. And even if you didn't pack thick winter jackets and thick, thick gloves and muffins and all sorts of yummy treats to bring with you, then you could still be warm, and you can still have yummy things to eat on the boat. Because the captain said, everyone got so lucky because he had so much so much warm clothes and so many muffins and so much candy on the boat. And Adeline said okay. So they set sail, and the captain said, off we go. And the ship's big engine started to say and the ship started brooming in the ocean, sailing away from San Francisco all the way down through the ocean to the South Pole. Why not take some stops? And Adeline said, Why don't we stop somewhere along the way? And if we stop somewhere along the way, then maybe we could go fishing or we could even find an island. And the captain said, they have an important mission, a secret important mission to do in the South Pole. And Adeline said, what is it? And the captain said, when they get close to the South Pole, there's going to be a penguin and the penguin is going to climb up onto the big ship and it's going to leave a treasure map on the big ship. And then we have to go off the big ship and follow the treasure map to find a princess castle. And Adeline said, that sounds like fun. So the captain said, we're getting closer to the South Pole. And Adeline looked through her binoculars, just a white mountain. Yes, she saw white mountains of snow, and she saw that those mountains of snow were so big and it was so cold outside. And Adeline said, I don't want just one jacket. I need two jackets on top of each other. And I don't want just one set of gloves. I want gloves on the bottom and then mittens on the top. And I don't want just one hood. I want to put a second hood on top of my regular hood. And I don't want to wear one pants. I want to wear three pairs of pants. And Adeline's mom said, okay. And the captain brought a treasure box full of clothing. And the clothing was special because all you had to do was touch the clothing and then it would go on you by itself. No way. No, it really did. And the way it worked, this is why it was in a treasure box, Bud, because in the treasure box they got the treasure from the South Pole. The captain had already been to the South Pole and it was a special kind of clothing that could go on kids, something that made the boat go faster didn't take like a million days. That's a really good question. Adeline was really curious. How could the boat get to the South Pole so quickly? And she asked the captain of the boat, how was the boat able to get to the South Pole so quickly? And the captain of the boat said that the boat was attached to two big blue whales. And the whales were towing the boat under the water. And because they were blue whales and blue whales are the biggest, strongest animals that live on the whole planet, they were able to tow the boat and the boat was on a rope, and they towed the boat to the South Pole so quickly. Well, so what are those snacks. So Adeline said, what are the snacks that we could have now that we're at the South Pole? And just as she said that, a penguin jumped from one of the snowy mountains onto the boat. The penguin the pilot was talking about, yeah. And the ship captain said, look, there's the penguin. And Adeline said and you're right. It was holding a map. And they saw a shiny map with some glitter that was right in the penguin's beak. And the penguin came right up to Adeline and dropped the map there. And Adeline looked at the penguin and the map and said, Captain. And she told her mom and dad, mom, dad, I don't think that this is a regular piece of paper. I think this is a special glitter map. And Adeline's parents said you're right. And Adeline said we should look at it with a magnifying glass. And Adeline asked the captain if he had any magnifying glasses in his treasure box. And the captain of the ship said that he did, and he got a big magnifying glass and he gave it to Adeline. And Adeline looked at the special glitter map through the magnifying glass and she saw that there were little secret lines that were made of glitter. And she also saw that it led to a glitter castle that went all the way up into the clouds and where a princess lived. And Adeline told the captain that she found their adventure and the captain led them off the ship. And Adeline went off the ship slowly, and her parents went off slowly, and the captain went off slowly. When they looked outside in the South Pole, they realized they were right at the South Pole. And the South Pole is different from other places in the world because it's the North Pole. Well, in the South Pole. It's even colder than the North Pole. And when it's so cold, gravity doesn't work, and so things don't stick to the ground. And so in this part of the South Pole, there were mountains that were floating and big snowballs were also floating through the air because it was so cold, so there was no gravity and things weren't sticking to Earth as well. It's so hot. Did that work the same? And if it's so hot, it doesn't really work as well. But hot air balloons do go up when it's hot. And Adeline saw a hot air balloon floating through the South Pole and she also finally saw the floating glitter princess castle. It was a castle that floated in the air and had glitter walls with strong bricks underneath it. And outside of the castle came the princess of the South Pole with a frog who is as big as a person and had people eyes. No, it was the king of all the frogs. And the king of all the frogs lives in the South Pole. And that's the princess of the South Pole's pet. And the king of all the frogs told the princess that he's ready to take her for a ride. And the princess got onto because it was like the princess's horse. And the princess went on, the King of all frogs. And the froggy jumped with the princess on it, all the way next to the captain and all the way next to Adeline and her parents. And the princess said, adeline, you are the first one to make it to the South Pole and to see the floating glitter castle. Since you did it, you can now become a princess, but you can't tell anyone. And Adeline said, please. And the princess of the North Pole said to Adeline, you can only tell two friends that you're secretly a princess. And Adeline said okay. Well, Adeline looked at the shore, and she saw that the whales were getting ready to pull the big ship and tow it back to San Francisco so that they could go back home to Napa. And Adeline said goodbye to the princess and the frog and the floating glitter castle, and she went back to the regular part of Earth where gravity is normal and where Napa, California, is located. And Adeline and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Hi. I'm Alabella. I'm from Brisbane, Australia, and I'm five years old. And every night when I go to Sweet, I just love your podcasters. Every night.