Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a Giraffe family called the Biggle Diggles. There was a Mama Giraffe, a Dad Giraffe, and two big girl Giraffes. The older girl Giraffe was named Charlotte Giraffe, and she was seven years old. There was a three-year-old Giraffe named Jojo. The Giraffes lived in a really big Giraffe house, and the Giraffe house was so big that it was almost as tall as a building. On top, there were big windows for Mama Giraffe and Daddy Giraffe to stick their heads out because Giraffes have very tall necks.

Mama Giraffe and Dad Giraffe used to take a bath in a big giraffe bath because Giraffes have such long legs; they need extra special big bathtubs. A person bathtub is a little bit big. A person pool is a lot big, and a lake is even bigger than that. The Giraffes had such a big pool in their house that it was as big as a lake and so deep. Mama Giraffe, Dad Giraffe, Charlotte Giraffe, and Jojo Giraffe used to play in the pool and the bath.

Outside of their house, there were a lot of rocks, and there were crabs and lobsters that used to walk around on those rocks. The Biggle Diggle Giraffes also had a kitty cat, and the kitty cat's name was Gypsy. Sometimes Gypsy would try to find crabs all by himself, but Gypsy didn't really know how to catch a crab, so it would just pounce, and then the crab would get away. They also had a doggie, and the doggie's name was Gidget. Gidget was a really little doggie. When Gidget saw a crab on the rocks right outside of the Giraffe house, Gidget would just bark so much, but Gidget didn't know how to catch it. Jojo was actually really good at catching crabs, and Jojo's sister Charlotte was also really good, so they had a lot of fun.

One day, their Mama Giraffe and Dad Giraffe decided they were going to get different houses. Mama Giraffe would live in one house, and Dad Giraffe would live in a different house. Jojo and Charlotte went to one of the houses, and when they got to the new Giraffe house, they had a secret discovery. There was a giraffe tunnel. Most tunnels are not big enough to fit giraffes because giraffes have very long necks, and it's hard for them to bend their necks all the way down to fit in the tunnel. But the tunnel that they found under the new giraffe house was so big that a kid giraffe could get through it, but not a grown-up giraffe.

When they went in the big giraffe tunnel, which was under the new giraffe house, they found so many secret surprises. First, there was a princess land, where there were so many princesses that lived in this underground land, and they would have so much fun. Second, they found slides, toys, jewels, bracelets, necklaces, and lots of fun things in this giraffe tunnel. They were able to get through the giraffe tunnel to the other side, and do you know what they found on the other side? Their mama giraffe's house.

Jojo and Charlotte Giraffe used to go in the secret tunnel between their mama and daddy giraffe's house, and the kitty cat named Gypsy and the doggie named Gidget would follow them through. One day, as they were going under the tunnel, they found a magic genie. The magic genie was in a baby's bottle. They took the magic genie out of the tunnel, and Jojo Giraffe and Charlotte Giraffe rubbed the bottle with their giraffe feet. Just as they did that, a poof came out of the bottle, and there was some confetti, sprinkles, and it looked a little bit like there was lightning. Then suddenly, a magic big blue genie came out and told Jojo and Charlotte that they could have any wish they wanted.

Jojo and Charlotte decided that they wanted to fly. The genie went poof, and Jojo and Charlotte Giraffe got butterfly wings, but they weren't the size of regular little butterfly wings. These butterfly wings were big enough to make a giraffe go up. Jojo and Charlotte Giraffe decided to fly outside of their giraffe houses, outside of the tunnel, and go outside and explore. They started flapping their butterfly wings as they went through the air on top of some trees. They got so high up, they got all the way to the clouds.

When they got on top of a cloud flapping their giraffe butterfly wings, they saw something really special. On top of the cloud, there lived a special king, queen, prince, and princess that looked like bunny rabbits. The bunny rabbits were very fluffy, and they floated, so that's why they didn't fall down to the ground. They lived in the clouds. All of those bunny rabbits wore crowns with special jewels. As they were flapping up, Jojo Giraffe asked the rabbits if she could borrow some of their jewels, and the rabbits said yes. They shared special jewels with Jojo and Charlotte, who borrowed them.

They flew back down and went back down to their giraffe houses, and they showed their mama giraffe and dad giraffe their jewels. Their mama Giraffe was so happy, and their daddy Giraffe was so happy, and their mama Giraffe decided to spend time playing with them. Their dad Giraffe did too. Jojo Giraffe was so happy, and Jojo Giraffe, Charlotte Giraffe, and all of the Biggle Diggle Giraffes lived happily ever after. The end.