Once upon a time, long time ago, there lived a big girl named Garima. Garima lived in the middle of a rainforest in the rainforest. It was so rainy all the time. There were big trees that had such big leaves, and there were ants that were as big as your finger that would walk around the mud in the rainforest. The rainforest also had a lot of rivers. And in the rivers, there were special kinds of fish that looked like olden days fish. They had silly eyes on the sides of their head and they had big tops and they had silly looking tails that went back and forth. Some of those fish were big, some were small, and some had mouths that were upside down. 

Garima also loved to look at the cheetahs and the jaguars that used to like to roam around the rainforest. There were also some monkeys that would jump from tree to tree and say there was everything that anyone could want in the rainforest. The name of the rainforest was Rainbow Rainforest. The reason for that name was because there were always rainbows in this rainforest. In this rainforest, Garima's family lived in a hut on the side of a mountain. There was a tsunami made out of grape juice. Garima's family had a special bathtub in her house. In the bathtub, instead of cleaning Garima with soap and shampoo and regular water, sometimes her parents used apple juice and after she would say that it was so sticky and she would have to take a shower. 

Well, one day, Garima was walking around the rainforest and as she was walking around, she heard something that sounded a little bit like a horse but it was also singing and it was singing a kind of magical song. It sounded a little bit like the wind when the wind whistles and goes. Garima decided she would follow that sound. So Garima got her special friends whose names were Jesse and Cedar. She had two friends that she brought with her, Jesse and Cedar. Jesse, Cedar, and Garima started following the sound that went through the rainforest. As they got closer and closer to the sound, they saw that they were also getting to the edge of the rainbow. When they got to the edge of the rainbow, they saw that there was a special bridge that was made out of gold. Garima, Cedar, and Jesse crossed the bridge to the end of the rainbow. 

At the end of the rainbow, there were pots of gold, and there were also unicorns. The unicorns had on aprons and cooking outfits, and they wore special hats, like a chef or somebody who cooks might wear, and they had cooking gloves on. These unicorns were expert bakers. The unicorns told Garima, Cedar, and Jesse that they had a way of baking special magic cupcakes. Garima, Cedar, and Jesse said, "We want some." One of the unicorns, whose name was Yunbala, said to Garima, "We are going to make you the most magic kind of cupcake, and you could have one, and Jesse could have one, and Cedar could have one." Garima asked if she could watch. 

Garima, Jesse, and Cedar started looking as the unicorns used their special secret ingredients to make the magic cupcake. One of the ingredients was sprinkles. They put so many colorful sprinkles in a big bowl, and then they asked a fairy to come. The fairy came with her wings, which looked like butterfly wings but were see-through. The fairy started floating, and then it dropped some special fairy dust right on the sprinkles. After the fairy dropped that, the unicorn started whistling again and said, and suddenly a troll came. The troll had something that had little smoke coming out of it, but the smoke wasn't hot, and the smoke was rainbow-colored, and the troll was holding it in its hands. Garima looked closely, and it was jumping and it looked a little bit like a frog, but it was shaped not like an animal, but instead like a caterpillar, which is a type of animal. The unicorn put this thing in the magic sprinkles and the fairy dust. 

The unicorn started mixing the bowl with its special unicorn horn, and it went, mix, mix, mix. Then the unicorns used some oven mitts to put it in a unicorn oven, which was made out of gold and at the end of the rainbow. The oven started to bake when the unicorn put magic fire on the bottom. Magic fire is very special because magic fire is made out of ice, and instead of being like orange, like a fire, magic fire is rainbow-colored. So the fire goes up, and it's rainbow, but it's in an ice cube, and inside the ice cube is the fire. It could help food get hot because there's fire in it. But it also makes sure it doesn't get so hot because it's surrounded by an ice cube. The unicorns used this to cook the magic cupcakes. 

When the magic cupcakes were ready, Garima told them to take it out of the oven. The unicorns used their oven mitts to take the magic cupcakes out of the oven. When the magic cupcakes were ready, they had sparkles on top of it. Some fireflies came from afar and started to twinkle their firefly lights. It looked really special. There was that rainbow-colored special smoke coming out of it, which was a good kind of smoke. The unicorn said, "Your cupcakes are ready." Garima said, "Okay." She took the cupcake home and she also gave one to Jesse and gave one to Cedar. They crossed the golden bridge again and went back to their hut in the rainforest. 

When she got back to her hut, her mom and dad asked what she had. Garima told them that she had some magic cupcakes that she got from some unicorns who baked it in a special way. Garima told her parents, and her parents were so happy that she got those magic cupcakes that they decided to have a party on a sailboat in the river by the rainforest that day. Garima's dad got the sailboat ready and they took the cupcakes on the sailboat. That night, they all had a dance party in their pajamas on the sailboat as they shared the magic cupcake. The magic cupcakes were the yummiest kind of food a kid has ever eaten in the whole world. Ever. Magic cupcakes were so yummy that they were yummier than lollipops. They were yummier than chocolate. They were even yummier than ice cream. 

After they were done with that special sailing boat party and they ate the magic cupcakes all up, all the kids from around the world asked Garima how to make those magic cupcakes. She started getting so many letters. Once in a while, she would let a kid come visit her in the rainforest and she would take them across the golden bridge to the unicorns and give them a magic cupcake. All of the kids in the whole world were so proud of Garima. And she lived happily ever after. The end.