Ayi Yiddi. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Octavia. Go to makeup stories.com and join the makeup stories club. AI. Hi. My name is Porsche, and I'm six years old. I'm from Auckland, New Zealand, and I would like a story about a magical plant, a ginormous hairy monster that's nice. And an underwater tunnel. Thank you. Bye. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a girl named Portia who lives in Auckland, New Zealand, and who is six years old. And so we want to say, Hi, Portia. And Portia asked for us to make up a story that includes a magical plant, a ginormous hairy monster that's nice. And an underwater tunnel. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Portia. Portia wanted to go to the pool that day, so she said, Mom, dad, can we go to the pool? And her parents said that that was a good idea. But Portia had an even better idea. Her idea was for them to find a sled and for her parents to take her on a sled ride all the way to the pool. But there was no snow. And so Portia told her parents that they were going to have to pull the sled that Portia was sitting on over the grass as they went and walked all the way to the pool. Portia had something hidden in her pocket. She brought some food coloring with her and also a little watermelon seed. Well, Portia's mom pulled the sled that Portia was sitting in through the grass until they got to the pool. When they got to the pool, Portia saw that there were a lot of chairs next to the pool, and there were so many towels, and there were also floaties that any kids could use. This was a special pool, and there were also, like, free bubbles that any kid who wanted could take and use while they were in the pool. So Portia and her parents got their bathing suits on, and they decided it was time to have fun in the pool. But first, Portia poured some of the secret red food coloring that she had with her, and she dropped it into the pool. Once Portia did that, the water in the pool changed colors. It wasn't blue anymore. The whole pool turned into a fun red pool. And then all of the kids who were in the pool were saying, Yay. Yay. And they didn't even know that Portia secretly put the red food coloring in the pool. So they thought it was like a magic pool that could just change colors. But Portia knew the truth. So she went in the red pool with her parents, and they brought a floatie with them. And Portia was also holding the secret watermelon seed. Once Portia got in the pool, she held onto the wall of the pool, and she started to kick on the wall, and it made so many fun splashes all over, portia dropped the secret watermelon seed and it fell under the red water to the bottom of the pool. Well, it turns out that the food coloring the red food coloring had a little bit of magic in it. And so the watermelon seed started to grow right away into a big watermelon. And the watermelon was growing so fast in the bottom of the pool. And as all of the kids kept swimming, the watermelon got bigger and bigger and bigger until finally a lifeguard said, look everyone, there's a big watermelon growing on the bottom of the red pool. And Portia still didn't tell anybody that she secretly put the watermelon seed in the pool. So the lifeguard blew her whistle and she said, everybody out of the pool, because the watermelon is getting so big, it's making the water go out of the pool, and soon it will take up the whole space of the pool. So Portia went out of the pool with her parents. Portia and her parents put some towels around them so that they wouldn't be cold after they got out of the pool. And then Portia looked as the watermelon got so big, it came out of the pool. And all of the kids were like, wow, this is the biggest watermelon we ever have seen. And soon the lifeguard pointed at the watermelon as he saw that the watermelon burst open and exploded. There were bits of watermelon all over the chairs next to the pool. It got on everyone's towels. And the watermelon was so yummy, it was not like regular watermelon. Regular watermelon is pretty yummy, and kids usually like to eat it. But this was a kind of bubblegum watermelon. And when the watermelon exploded and all of the kids were trying to get little pieces of the bubblegum watermelon to eat, portia saw that there was a ginormous hairy monster that was inside of the watermelon. And that's when Portia knew that the seed that she put in the water when it combined with the red food coloring, made this special yummy kind of watermelon grow, and that the watermelon was kind of like an egg for the ginormous hairy monster. And when the watermelon grew, then the hairy monster inside of the watermelon also grew. Well, the ginormous hairy monster had three arms, and it had eyes in its belly button. And the ginormous hairy monster had so much hair that it looked like the hair was dragging all around the pool. And the ginormous hairy monsters said, NUM NUM numb, because it just wanted to eat all of the bubblegum watermelon. Some of the kids in the pool were a little scared because they didn't see such a kind of hairy monster before. But the hairy monster opened up its eyes that were by its belly button, and it put on some silly glasses over its belly button tummy, and the ginormous hairy monster started to giggle. Then the ginormous hairy monster put its head under the water and started to blow some silly bubbles. The bubbles that the hairy monster was blowing went out of the pool, and they started to float in the air. Some of the bubbles were so big that they were big enough for kids to fit in. And that's when all of the kids realized that the ginormous hairy monster was actually a nice kind of candy monster. And that's why the watermelon tasted like bubblegum. And some of the bubbles were so big, the kids wanted to go in them. And so Portia said me first. Me first. And she went into one of the big bubbles that the ginormous hairy monster made, and her parents went into the same bubble, and all of the kids tried to go in the bubbles. When you went in these kinds of bubbles, the bubbles didn't even pop. And Portia and her parents were floating in one of the bubbles. And the ginormous hairy monster told all of the kids it was time for the bubble rides. So all of the kids went in the bubbles, and some of the kids brought little pieces of the watermelon bubblegum with them. And they were floating around on top of the pool. They got so high that they could see the whole city of Auckland. And all of the kids in the whole city were pointing at them. And suddenly Portia asked her parents how they were going to get back down. And her parents pointed to the nice ginormous hairy monster. And the ginormous hairy monster looked at the parents and Portia and all of the kids in the bubbles through its silly glasses that were on its silly belly button eyes. And just as it looked at them, the bubbles started to go back down next to the pool, and they started to spin around. And it was like a fun, merrygoround kind of ride. And when the kids got back to the pool, the bubbles popped very gently and they could walk out. And all of the kids were giggling because they thought it was such a fun ride. Well, after Portia and her parents got out of the pool, they saw that the ginormous hairy monster was getting smaller again, and some of the bubblegum watermelon was starting to disappear. And the pool that they were next to the water was changing colors again, and the red was going away, and the pool was starting to turn blue again. And some of the floaties were lifted up by the wind. And the floaties went into the blue water and the ginormous hairy monster kept getting smaller and smaller until it turned back into a watermelon. And then the watermelon got smaller and smaller until it turned back into a seed. And the seed disappeared through a secret underwater tunnel at the bottom of the pool. And all of the kids were like, how did that happen? How did the pool turn colors from blue to red? How did the watermelon get so big? How did the hairy monster come out? How did it make those bubbles that we could go in? And Portia was the only one who knew the answer. Portia decided to keep it secret. And Portia and her family lived happily ever after. The endo. Thanks for listening. Bye.