Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Jesse. And Jesse loved to watch movies, and some of his favorite movies were cartoons. One day, he finished watching a cartoon and fell asleep on the couch right in front of the TV. While he was sleeping, one of the dogs from the cartoon went out of the TV and woke Jesse up, licking his face. Jesse pushed away the dog and said, "Don't do that." But Jesse saw that his hand went right through the dog because it wasn't a real dog; it just came out of the TV. 

Jesse said, "Hey, why can't I put my hand through you?" The dog told Jesse that he should stand up and look in front of a mirror. Jesse got out of his chair and walked on the floor. His feet were very cold when he was walking on the floor because the whole floor of his house turned into a giant ice cube. He kept walking on the floor until he got to a mirror. When he looked in the mirror, he saw that he had also turned into a cartoon character, and the real Jesse was gone. 

When Jesse looked in the mirror, he could see that he was actually inside the TV also. On the other side of the TV, there was his big brother Jonah with a remote control. Jonah was about to turn off the TV, and Jesse didn't want Jonah to turn off the TV because then Jesse would be off also. So Jesse shouted out of the TV, and he said, "Jonah, don't turn off the TV, because I'm inside the TV." Jonah said, "What? Really?" Jonah looked in the TV and saw that Jesse had really turned into a cartoon and that he was in the TV. 

Jonah said, "Hold on there. I'm going to go get mom and dad, and they'll come help." Jonah ran through his house and got his mom and dad, Steve and Amanda. He said, "Guys, come look. Jesse went in the TV!" Jesse's mom and dad went to look, and they saw that Jesse was really in the TV. Steve said, "Jesse, how about I try to grab you out of the TV?" When Steve tried to grab Jesse, Jesse pulled, and then Steve just fell into the TV. 

Amanda tried to grab Steve, but Jesse was like, "No, mom, don't do that. You might go in the TV also." But it was too late. Amanda fell into the TV, and Jonah decided to use a fishing line to try to get them out. He didn't want to make the same mistake that Steve and Amanda made, so he got a fishing rod and cast it right next to where Steve, Amanda, and Jesse were. He told them not to touch the hook because that's the sharp part, but instead to hold on to the string part, the fishing line. Jonah snapped off the hook with a pair of scissors, and he got the fishing line to go right into the TV. 

When Steve grabbed the fishing line, Jonah started pulling it in, and it was like a tug of war between Steve inside the TV with Jesse and Amanda and Jonah on the outside of the TV. Steve was stronger because he was a grown-up, but the TV made him a little bit weaker. Jonah realized that he was going to get pulled into the TV, so he pulled as hard as he could. The TV fell down and cracked open. 

When the TV cracked open, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda got out of the TV, but they fell onto the floor and became shadows, so they weren't real people. Jonah could see their heads and some of their feet, but he still couldn't get back their whole bodies. That's when their kitty cat came in the house. The kitty cat stepped right on Steve's shadow, and Steve said, "Ouch." The cat jumped onto a light switch and turned the light on, making Steve, Amanda, and Jesse disappear for a second. So Jonah had to turn the light back off. 

After he turned the light back off, there was a knock on the door. Jonah opened the front door and said, "Who is it?" It was a TV repairman who also looked like a cartoon but had tools. Jonah said, "Are you here to fix the TV?" The TV repairman said that he had just gotten a phone call from someone inside a TV that said Jesse, Steve, and Amanda were stuck in the TV, so he was there to help. 

The TV repairman walked into the living room and said, "Oh, you tried the old fishing trick. That's a really smart boy. Your dad must have pulled too hard, and that's why the TV fell down." Jonah said that that's what happened. The TV repairman said the only way to get the parents and Jesse to come back together and get out of the TV was if they did some special magic and made a potion. The potion required a little bit of ketchup, some yellow seeds found in sand, and water. 

Jesse told the TV repairman that Jonah had some yellow seeds in his pocket. Jonah got the seeds out of his pocket, and the TV repairman mixed them up with some ketchup and water. After that, he shined a flashlight in it, and they sang a secret song. They looked in a mirror, and the mirror turned into a TV. Steve, Amanda, and Jesse walked out of the TV. When they walked out of the TV, Jesse woke up, and he realized he had been dreaming the whole time. Steve, Amanda, Jonah, and Jesse were all regular, and the whole family lived happily ever after. The end.