Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Charlotte. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the makeup club. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Yeah. All right. Jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? A walk that can dig. A rock that can dig. And Jonah, is there anything that you want the makeup story to be about? No. Okay, so a rock that can dig. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Jesse. And Jesse loved to watch movies, and some of his favorite movies were cartoons. And one day, he finished watching a cartoon, and he fell asleep on the couch right in front of the TV. And while he was sleeping, one of the dogs that was in the cartoon went out of the TV and woke Jesse up, and it licked Jesse's face. And Jesse pushed away the dog and said, don't do that. But Jesse saw that his hand went right through the dog because it wasn't like a real dog. It just came out of the TV. And Jesse said, hey, why can't I put my hand through you? And the dog told Jesse that Jesse should stand up and look in front of a mirror. And Jesse got out of his chair, and he walks on the floor. And his feet were very cold when he was walking on the floor because the whole floor of his house turned into a giant ice cube. But he kept walking on the floor until he got to a mirror. And when he looked in the mirror, he saw that he also turned into a cartoon character, and the real Jesse was gone. And when Jesse looked in the mirror, he could see that he was actually inside the TV also. And on the other side of the TV, there was his big brother Jonah with a remote control. And Jonah was about to turn off the TV, and Jesse didn't want Jonah to turn off the TV, because then Jesse would be off also. So Jesse shouted out of the TV, and he said, Jonah, don't turn off the TV, because I'm inside the TV. And Jonah said what? Really? And Jonah looked in the TV, and he saw that Jesse really did turn into a cartoon and that he was in the TV. And Jonah said, Hold on there. I'm going to go get mom and dad, and they'll come help. So Jonah ran through his house, and he got his mom and his dad, and he said, Guys, come look. Jesse went in the TV, and Jesse's mom and dad, Steve and Amanda, went to look, and they saw that Jesse was really in the TV. So Steve said, Jesse, how about I try to grab you out of the TV? When Steve tried to grab Jesse, Jesse pulled and then Steve just fell into the TV. Yeah. When Steve tried to grab Jesse, jesse pulled him and then steve went into the TV, and then amanda was like, oh, no. And she tried to grab steve, but jesse was like, no, mom, don't do that. You might go in the TV also. But it was too late. Amanda fell into the TV, and jonah jonah decided, oh, I got an idea. Let's take this fishing line and get it in. Then I won't go, and if it's pulling me in, I'll just let go of it. Yes. So then jonah didn't want to make the same mistake that steve and amanda made, and so he didn't want to hold on into the TV because there needed to still be r1 person. So instead, he got a fishing rod, and he started to cast the fishing rod, and he casted it right next to where steve, amanda, and jonah was. And he told them not to touch the hook because that's the sharp part, but instead to hold on to the string part, the part that's the fishing line. The second time, he realized there's a pair of scissors next to him, and he snapped off the hook. Yeah. And so he got the fishing line to go right into the TV. And when he did that and steve grabbed it, he started pulling it in, and it was like a tug of war between steve inside the TV with jesse and amanda and jonah on the outside of the TV. And steve was stronger because he was a grown up. TV made him a little bit weakle. Yeah, but the TV made steve a little bit weaker, and jonah realized that he was going to get pulled into the TV, and so he pulled as hard as he could. And then do you know what happened, jesse? The TV fell down, and the TV cracked open. And then jonah was like, oh, no, there goes my whole family. But it was actually kind of good news. The TV cracked open because once the TV cracked open, only bad news is because it's good. But the thing is, they only got jonah got back the feet of jesse, the body of amanda, and the head of steve. Yeah. And then what happened was, when the TV cracked open, there were like, jesse and steve and amanda got out of the TV, but they fell onto the floor, and then they became shadows, so they weren't real people. And jonah could see, like, their heads and some of their feet and stuff, but he still couldn't get back all, like, their whole bodies. And so jesse stayed inside of, like, little pieces, strudge of glass. One of them was just a particle that contained the toe. And so there goes amanda's toe. Yeah, and so it was a really big problem. Amanda was missing parts of her body, and some of jesse was in parts of the screen of the TV, and parts of his shadow was on the floor. And that's when our kitty cat came in the house. And the kitty cat started to see what happened. And Jesse said, kitty, don't step on the shadow. But it was too late. And the kitty cat stepped right on Steve's shadow. And Steve said ouch. It felt like a giant stepped on him, like a lion or something, because he wasn't so strong. He was only as strong as a shadow. And shadows are not so strong, but not even like, at any point of strong, but not any strong. Then the cat jumped bonked onto a light and then it destroyed the shadows. Yeah, the cat jumped onto a light switch and turned the light on. And when lights are on, it's sometimes harder to see shadows if the light is not casting a shadow at the right angle. And that made Steve and Amanda and Jesse disappear for a second. So Jonah had to turn the light back off. And after he turned the light back off, that's when the first good thing finally happened. And the good thing that finally happened was there was a knock on the door. And Jonah opened up the front door and said, who is it? And it was a TV repair man. And the TV repair man also looked like a cartoon, but he had tools. And Jonah said, are you here to fix the TV? And do you know what happened? Because he could tell that this person must have used to live in a TV or something like that. And the TV repairman said, we just got a phone call from somebody that was inside a TV that said that your parents and your younger brother got stuck in the TV, so I'm here to help. And Jonah said, okay. And the TV repairman walked into the living room and he said, oh, you tried the old fishing trick. That's a really smart boy. And your dad must have like, pulled too hard and that's why the TV fell down. And Jonah said that that's what happened. And the TV repairman said the only way to get them, the parents and Jesse to come back together and to get out of the TV was if they did some special magic and they needed to make a potion. And he said, the only way that you can make this potion is if you take a little bit of ketchup and you dig around sand and there's a special kind of yellow seeds that you might see in sand. Sometime you have to pick up those yellow seeds, put it in the ketchup. He's already found 20 of them. Yeah. And Jesse told well, Jesse told the TV person, because part of Jesse's mouth was still a shadow on the floor. And he told a TV person that Jonah handsome in his pocket. And so Jonah got those little yellow seeds out of his pocket and the TV repairman mixed it up with some ketchup, put a little bit of water on it, and then after he did that he had to shine a flashlight in it. And then after he shined a flashlight in it, then they had to sing a song. And they sang a song, which I can't repeat right now because it's a secret. And then after they sang the song, he said, okay, now let's look in a mirror. And they looked in a mirror, and just as they looked in the mirror, the mirror turned into a TV. And Steve and Amanda and Jesse walked out of the TV. And when they walked out of the TV, then Jesse woke up, and really he was just dreaming the whole time, and he fell asleep while he was watching a cartoon. And so Steve and Amanda and Jonah and Jesse were all regular, and the whole family lived happily ever after. The End stories into my step stories. My name is Bonnie go to mixup stories.com. Thank you.