Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Yuval. And Yuval told his parents that it was probably a good idea for them to bring some bread and go on a boat so they could feed the duckies some bread. His mom agreed, and they went to the lake. When they got to the lake, they saw that there were so many boats, and Yuval got to choose what kind of boat he wanted. He decided to go on a sailboat with rainbow-colored sails and lots of candy on it. 

The captain of the sailboat, Captain Humballah, had a captain's hat, a jacket, and a beard. He used crutches to get around because one of his legs didn't work so well. They started to sail, and when it got windy, Captain Humballah fell down on the boat and rolled off into the lake. The duckies that smelled the bread Yuval and his mom brought helped Captain Humballah float. 

Just as they were on the boat in the middle of the water, they saw a fire made out of ketchup on the land on the side of the lake. Luckily, in one of the sailboats nearby, there was a fireman named Fireman Sam. He asked Yuval for help in putting out the ketchup fire. Yuval threw candy into the water, hoping to attract a mermaid to help them. A mermaid came up from the water, and Yuval asked her to help put out the fire. 

The mermaid found a toy fire hose in the lake and attached it to Fireman Sam's boat. She started to squirt the fire hose, but mustard came out instead of water, making the ketchup fire even bigger. A light-up jellyfish came out of the water and told the mermaid to use regular water instead. The mermaid turned the hose the other way, and it turned into a hollow hot dog that could squirt water. 

Fireman Sam, the mermaid, and the light-up jellyfish aimed the hot dog hose at the ketchup fire, and they were able to put it out. They realized that it was just a ketchup fountain that someone made. Yuval's mom said they had a big adventure on the lake, and it was time to go home to have a different adventure another day. Yuval agreed, and they all lived happily ever after.