Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime womb is my name is Yval. My name is Yval, and I'm swim half from London. And I want sonica by toys and a Mermaid tonight's makeup story is a request from a three and a half year old listener named Yuval who lives in London. And Yuval asked for us to make up a story that includes a fireman named Fireman Sam, a toy, a mermaid, and a jellyfish. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Yuval. And Yuval told his parents that it was probably a good idea for them to bring some bread and to go on a boat so that they could feed the duckies some bread. And his mama said, that's a good idea. And he went in his car seat, and his mom brought some bread and also a banana for a snack. And then they went to the lake. When they got to the lake, they saw that there were so many boats, and Yuval got to choose what kind of boat he wanted. Did he want to go on a paddle boat? Did he want to go on a rowboat, or did he want to go on a sailboat? Yval decided that his choice was to go on a sailboat. The sailboat that he went on was really special because the sails on the sailboat were rainbow colored, and the sailboat also had a lot of candy on it. So Yuval and his mama said, okay, we're going to go on the sailboat. And the captain of the sailboat said, Dumbbellor the sails. And Yuval said, what does dumbbellar the sails mean? And the captain said, I don't know. That's just something I said. And yoval's mama and Yuval and the captain started to laugh. The captain's name was Captain Humballah. And Captain Humballah had a captain's hat, and he wore a jacket, and he also had a beard. And Captain Humballah used crutches to get around because crutches are something you can use if one of your legs doesn't work so good. And Captain Humbullah had an ankle that was broken, so he used crutches to get around the boat. Well, they started to sail, and when they were sailing, it was a little bit windy on the lake. And do you know what happened? His crutch did? He blow off. And Captain Humbla fell down on the boat because his crutches didn't work so good. And Yuval said, Mom, Captain Humbullah fell on the boat because it was too windy, and the sailboat not yet, and the sailboat is rocking back and forth. And Yoval's mama went to go to Captain Humballa, but do you know what happened? By the time she got there, he rolled off the boat and into the lake. And he got so wet when he got into the water, Yoval said, mom, go into the lake to go save the captain. But before his mom could dive into the lake, there were so many duckies that started to go there because the duckies smelled the bread that Yaval and his mama brought to the lake. Well, duckies are very floaty, and these were very nice duckies. So they went all around the Captain Humballah, who was in the water, and they helped Captain Humbullah float. He put his arms around a lot of duckies, and the duckies who helped him float said, Quack, quack, quack, quack. And then they thrown away a piece of bread. Well, and then the Captain Humbullah went back on the boat, and he said, yval, it was so good we brought the bread because I think now we should give the bread as a treat to the duckies. And Yval started to give the bread as a treat to the duckies. And he also decided, because the duckies were so special, they could also have some lollipops, and they had lollipops in the boat, and this was a special kind of duck that could eat lollipops. Well, just as they were on the boat in middle of the water, they saw that there was a fire made out of ketchup. And the fire that was made out of ketchup was on the land on the side of the lake. Was there an island? Yeah, there was an island. And the fire didn't get to the island because the island was in the middle of the lake, but on the other side of the lake where the boats were, that's where the ketchup fire were. And the ketchup fire was getting bigger and bigger and bigger. Well, and all of the trees were getting red from the ketchup, and all of the people were like, no, that's way too much ketchup. It's too much. Even if we had, like, hot dogs or even if we had Yummy food to eat, this is also rain hot dog. This is too much ketchup. Well, luckily, in one of the sailboats that was next to Yuval, there was a fireman named Fireman Sam. And Fireman Sam said, Yuval, there's a big ketchup fire, and I think I'm going to need your sailboat's help trying to put out the ketchup fire. And yuval said, well, how can I help? I'm just a three and a half year old. And Fireman Sam said, Well, I know that the duckies are really friendly with you, so I think that you should throw maybe some of the candy that you have in the water and see if there's any mermaids that could come out of the water to help me put out the ketchup fire. And Yuval's mama said it's okay. So Yuval went through the candy drawer and he saw that there were so many lollipops, and he unwrapped the lollipops and started throwing them in the water, when suddenly a mermaid came up from the middle of the lake and splashed out of the water and got one of the lollipops. And yuval said mermaid. Mermaid. There's a big fire made out of ketchup, and we need you to help put out the fire because mermaids are good at doing so many things, and fireman Sam can't put out the fire all by himself because he's used to putting out regular fire, not ketchup fire. And so the mermaid said she could help. And the mermaid said, oh, look, there's a toy fire hose. Maybe I could use that. And she saw that there was a toy and she saw that there was a toy fire hose in the lake, and she got the toy fire hose and attached it to fireman sam's boat. And then fireman Sam said, Yeval. Time to fight the ketchup fire. And yval said, okay. And the mermaid said, I'm going to hold the toy hose. And yval's mom said, okay, we're ready. And then the fireman Sam said, squirt on 3123. And suddenly the mermaid started to squirt the fire hose, and out came mustard. And she squirted mustard all over the fire. And it didn't help. It didn't help. It just made the ketchup fire bigger and full of yellow mustard. And so yuval said, no, that's not the right thing to squirt out. And just as he said that, there was a jellyfish that was a light up jellyfish. It had, like, blinking lights on it that came out of the water and said, mermaid, mermaid. You're not supposed to put mustard on the ketchup fire. You're supposed to squirt it out with regular water. And the mermaid said, okay. So she turned the hose the other way, and she dipped it into the water, and the hose turned into a big hot dog. But the hot dog was empty inside. It was hollow. And so there was water that was able to go through the hot dog hose. And fireman Sam said, this time, let's give it another try. And this time, they pressed the water button, and the mermaid and the light up and the mermaid and the jellyfish the light up jellyfish started to squirt out of the hot dog hose. And this time they were lucky because water came out and the water for the island. Yeah, and it aimed for the island and the part on the side of the lake that was full of the ketchup fire. And luckily, they were able to get the ketchup fire to go away. And Yaval. Yeah. And then they realized that it was just a ketchup fountain that somebody made. And yval's mama said they had a big adventure on the lake and it was time to go home to have a different adventure, a different day. And yval said, okay. And Yuval and his mama and Captain Humbulla and the mermaid and fireman Sam and the light up jellyfish and the hot dog fire hose lived happily ever after. Tell all your friends? Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.