What do you want makeup to be about? Snail lion. Okay. Once upon a time, there was a big boy whose name was Danny. And Danny loved to go swimming with his family after school. And his mama would drive him all the way to the pool, which was near an ocean, and Danny would put on his swimsuit, and his mom would get a towel, and then he would go in the pool, and a swimming instructor would show him how to swim. Danny loved to jump in the pool by himself, and he was even strong enough to get out of the pool and climb up the wall all by himself. After he got out of the pool, he was always so wet. Well, one day, Danny's mama brought him to the pool, and while he was splashing in the pool right near the ocean, a big dolphin jumped out of the ocean and landed all the way in the pool. And when the dolphin landed in the pool, it made a big splash. All of the kids were scared of the dolphin because it was big. But Danny wasn't scared of the dolphin because Danny had a toy dolphin at home, and he was used to having the toy dolphin in the bath with him. So Danny told the lifeguards, don't worry, I'm going to help save the day. And Danny showed the lifeguards how you could be nice to a dolphin. And Danny told the dolphin it's okay. This is just a pool, and you're used to swimming in the ocean, but this pool is wet, too, so you could splash around here. And then he told all of the kids who had gotten out of the pool, don't worry, the dolphin is not going to eat you. And the dolphin went up to Danny, and the dolphin asked Danny if he wanted a ride, and Danny told everyone that he was going to ride the dolphin back into the ocean. So he jumped onto the dolphin, and the dolphin said, One, two, three, and he jumped out of the pool back into the ocean. But when he got into the ocean, he let Danny hold on to his fin, and he didn't go underwater. The dolphin gave Danny a ride all the way through the ocean to an island. Well, Dany told the dolphin that his mom was waiting for him at the pool, so they would have to be back for dinner. And the dolphin said, okay. Well, when Danny finally got to the island, the dolphin told him that he's going to wait right on the shore, and Danny could have an adventure exploring on the island. And Danny said, okay. So first he went out of the ocean, and he was so cold because there were no towels on this island. So he splashed off the water, and he stayed in the sunny sun a little bit until he got a little bit hotter. Then he started walking around on the beach of this island, and he made footsteps in the sand. One of the footsteps that he made had something hard in it. It was a shell. And Danny stepped on the shell, and it felt funny on his foot. So he decided to pick it up. And when he picks up the shell, do you know what he saw? A snail. Yes. He saw that it was a snail shell because I said I wanted a snail. That's right. And so Danny picked up the snail shell and looked at it. Well, this didn't look like an ordinary snail shell, because regular snail shells just look like gray or brown or a different color. But this one had glitter on it. And Danny had never seen a glitter snail shell before. So he put it in his pocket, and the dolphin called out to him on the beach and said, danny, don't be so long, because we need to go back to the pool before dinner, and then your mom will be waiting for you and give you a ride home. And Danny said, okay, I just found a snail shell. So the dolphin said that he'll wait. Well, Danny put the snail shell in his pocket, and when he put the snail shell in his pocket, he decided that he should probably go back home before having a further adventure on the island. So he started heading through the sand back to the water to go back on the dolphin and hold its fin. But before he could get very far, a monkey jumped out of the tree and said and it tried to take the snail out of Danny's pocket. But Danny decided to zip up his pocket so the monkey couldn't get it. The monkey really wanted that sparkly, twinkly, glittery snail shell, but it couldn't get it. So, quickly, Danny ran back into the water on the dolphin, and the dolphin gave him a ride home. Well, Danny finally got back home to his family. His family lived near Sutro Baths in San Francisco, and they had an apartment. And he got off the dolphin right near the pool, which was by the presidio. And his mom was waiting for him, and his mom said, Danny, where did you go by yourself? And Danny said it's okay, mom. I just went on an adventure through the ocean with the dolphin, and I got a glittery snail shell. But don't worry, because now I'm back. And the dolphin wasn't trying to scare anybody in the pool. It was just trying to swim and have fun. Danny's mom said, okay and thanked him for saving the day. And Danny said that's okay. So Danny's mom drove him back home, and when he got to his apartment near Sutro Baths in San Francisco, he put the snail shell in his bathtub. And he decided that he would have a bath that night to get the ocean water off of him with the snail shell. When he went in the bath and turned on the water. He decided to put a little bit of bubble bath in the bath. So he poured some in, and when the bubbles went in the bath and the glittery snail shell was there, do you know what happened? The snail shell got bigger and bigger and bigger. The snail shell eventually got so big that it was as big as the whole bath, and there was no space for daddy. So Danny told his mom, come look, mom. And his mom came to the bathtub and said, how did you get the snail shell that big? And Danny said, I don't know. I just put bubble bath in it. You have to believe me, mom. And his mom said, well, let's go out of the bath and dry you off and put on pajamas, and then we'll come back and look at it after you have your pajamas on. So Danny got a towel, and he asked his mom to wrap him up in the towel. So snugly and after he got a towel on, his mom helped him put on pajamas, and he said, okay, now let's go back to the bath and see the snail. And his mom took him back to the bath. And at this point, the snail shell was so big that when they opened up the bathroom door, the whole bathroom was full of snail shell. And they opened up the door, and they looked inside the snail shell, and Danny said, anyone in there? And do you know what he heard? A raw. There was a lion that lived in the snail shell. And Danny said, how can a lion live in a snail shell? And his mom said, we better close this bathroom door until dad gets home, and we're going to have to call the zoo. So they closed the bathroom door, waited till their dad got home, and called the San Francisco zoo. When they called the San Francisco Zoo, they told the zookeeper something special happened. Danny had an adventure to a magic island where he found a snail shell that had a lot of glitter on it, and he brought it back in his dolphin. And when he put it in the bubble bath, the snail shell got bigger and bigger until it was the size of the whole bathroom. And now there was a roar inside, and they think it's a lion. So the dad told the zookeeper to come and to bring special lionets and a special lion cage in case it was a mean lion. So the zookeeper ended up coming in a big van, and the zookeeper wore a special suit which was all yellow, and he had a special face mask which was made out of glass. And he had a big net, which was it looked like a butterfly net, but it was way bigger. This net was the biggest net that Danny had ever seen. It was bigger even than a person. It was a lion sized net. So many thimble berries. Yes, it was as big as so many thimble berries. Like as big as 200, probably, and I don't say this loosely it was as big as 14 dimple berries. That's a lot. So the zookeeper came with his giant, giant net, and he opened the door, and the end of the net was so long that even after he opened the front door to his apartment, part of the net was still by the elevator in the hallway. And so he had to leave the door open to drag the net in. And finally they could close the door. And the dad's job was to hold the back of the net while the zookeeper held the front part with the stick. And then the zookeeper said, okay, everyone, I'm going to open the bathroom door. And the zookeeper said, One, two, three. And he opened the bathroom door, and just when he did, he heard a roar. And inside the bathroom, the zookeeper said, you're not going to believe what I see. And Danny said, what is it? What is it? Tell me. And the zookeeper said, I see a lion which is rainbow colored and made out of glitter that lives in this seashell. And Danny said, Well, I found it on a magic island that a dolphin brought me to. And the zookeeper said, I'm just going to catch it in this net. And so Danny said he had an idea for how to get it in the net. And the zookeeper said, what's your idea? And Danny said, well, let's just get some meat from the fridge, and we'll put it in the net. And then the lion likes to eat meat, so it'll go in the net to eat the meat, and then we'll trap it. The zookeeper said, that's such a good idea. So his mom went to the fridge and found a piece of lamb and a lamb bone that they saved up, and the zookeeper put it in the net. And then the lion jumped out of the snail shell and started to munch on the meat. But when the lion munched on the meat, daddy noticed something. What he noticed was this rainbow glittery lion wasn't a mean lion at all. This was a nice, nice lion. And so the lion also looks like it was so dry. And Danny said, I think the lion is thirsty, because all of that meat has salt in it, and it made it so thirsty. And even though the lion was in the bath before, after it got out of the snail shell, it probably got thirsty. And the zookeeper said, you know what? I think you're right. And so Danny went to the kitchen and filled a big bowl full of water, and he told the zookeeper that he's going to put it right by the net, but that the zookeeper should make sure that the lion doesn't bite him when he puts it by the net. And the zookeeper said he'll make sure. And then Danny put the big bowl of agua, the big bowl of water right by the lion's net. And when the lion started drinking it, the lion got smaller and smaller and smaller until it was even smaller than a person. But the lion was so thirsty, it kept drinking. And the lion got smaller than a doggie and it kept drinking and it got smaller than a kitty cat. And it kept drinking and it got smaller than a mouse. And it kept drinking until the lion turned into a rainbow, sparkly, twinkly, glittery little lion and decided to crawl back into the big snail shell. When he went back in, Danny said he had an idea it was to pour water on the snail shell and that it would turn small. So he turned the bath back on and put some water on the snail shell. And the snail shell got small again. And then he told his parents he figured out what happened. What happened was when you put bubble bath on the snail shell, it makes it get bigger. But when you have regular water, it makes the lion and the snail shell get smaller. And that's why it was small when he found it on the beach in the magic island. So he told his parents his idea was he would bring it back to swimming lesson next time. And when they got to swimming lesson, if they saw the dolphin again, he would tell the dolphin to bring the snail shell back to that special island where it could live happily ever after. And his mom said, that's a good idea. So they brought the snail shell to swimming lesson, and the next time I record and the next time they went there, and the next time they went there, the dolphin came and said hello. And Danny told the dolphin to bring the snail shell back to the island. And the dolphin listened. And this time, when they were at the swimming lesson, nobody was scared of the dolphin because Danny told them they didn't have to be. And Danny and the dolphin and his mom and dad and the zookeeper and everyone else lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. If you want me to make up a special story for you, then tell me three special things. You want to be in the store and your name and write a review. I'll make up a special story just for you.