Yiddaya. Hello, I'm Anna, and I live in Nashville, Tennessee. Welcome to makeup stories. AI. Tonight's makeup story is a request from my younger son Jesse, who is four years old. And Jesse has a flashlight next to me that he's clicking on and off. And he asked for us to make up a story that includes a shadow that appears even when it's not dark. Is that right, Jesse? Even when it's not light. Even when it's not light. And the shadow, what can it do? Talk. And the shadow can talk. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse were in a car, and their parents were driving them all the way to the fair. And they were driving for such a long time in the car, and they never knew when they would get to the fair, because every time they thought the fair would be around a different corner or around a turn, it wasn't there. They drove for so long that Jesse fell asleep and Jonah fell asleep. They drove through the night, and they drove through the day. They had to stop and get gas 17 times. This was not any ordinary fair that they were going to, but they were going to the last fair in the world. The last fair in the world is at the very end of the world, towards the bottom, near the south pole. But there's a secret bridge that goes over the ocean to get to it. Most people don't know where that bridge is, which is why not a lot of kids have gone to the last fair in the world. But if you know the way to get there and you can pay the toll, which includes one gold coin, then you can go to the fair at the end of the world. And that's exactly where Jonah and Jesse were going. Jesse woke up, and he saw that it was snowy outside. Clearly, they were near the south pole. Jesse could see that there were big mountains that were full of white snow and that it was just white. Yeah. And the mountains were just white. And he can see that wherever he looked, there were snowmen that kind of looked like they could move a little bit in the snow. And he can also see that there were big snowballs that were falling down all at once. So it wasn't a regular snowstorm. It was kind of like a snowball fight snowstorm. And some of the snowballs were going down, and some were blowing in the wind sideways. And Jesse and Jonah were worried that their car would get stuck before they got to the fair at the end of the world. And that's exactly what happened. First, the front wheels started to slip, and then the back wheels, and Jesse and Jonah saw that their car was officially stuck in the snow. So Jesse and Jonah. What about Santa house? So jesse and Jonah got out of the car with their parents and they looked at the wheels and they saw there was so much snow. And Jesse said, what about Santa? Can Santa help? But Jonah told Jesse that they were by the South Pole and Santa was by the North Pole, so no Santa could help. And then Jesse said, oh, I have an idea. What about his elves? But Jonah told Jesse that the elves were also in the North Pole. So Jesse said, So does that mean that nobody could help us? And just as he said that, all of the snowmen that were walking around before started to shuffle their way all the way through the snow until they got to the car. And when they got to the car, they used some shovels to dig the car out of the snow. And the snowmen asked if they could go in the trunk. And Jesse said that they could if they could fit. So Jesse's dad Steve opened up the trunk and snowmen went inside. They continued on their voyage until finally they could see that they were at the last fair in the world. The last fair in the world. All of the fair kind of floated, and the whole fair was, like kind of suspended on ropes on top of the regular ground. So to get to the fair, you had to walk over a special bridge that was made of so much Scotch tape on the bottom, and it was held up by a lot of different strings. And you had to walk very carefully because the bridge didn't seem like it was so strong. And then once you got onto the fair, you can feel that it would start to turn around and the whole fair would move around just like a merry go round. And when people yes, the fair would turn in circles going like that. And when you got onto the fair, there were as many rides as you could imagine. The way the lines worked in the fair was if you wanted to go on a ride, like there was a really fun ice roller coaster that all the kids liked. And the way that the ice roller coaster worked was that you just went in a line and right when you went in the line, the ice roller coaster just showed up right next to you. And then you'd sit down in the ice roller coaster and it would say, zoom, swish. And it would go all the way in loops up and down through some ice, and it would feel so cold. And it was really fun because at the end of the ice roller coaster, instead of splashing down in some water, it splashed down in a big pond that was made of hot chocolate. And you were so cold while you were going on the ice roller coaster. But because you landed in a pond that was made of hot chocolate, there were straws that you could use to drink the hot chocolate right from the pond while you were on the ice roller coaster, and that kind of heated you up. And then after you went through the hot cocoa pond, right after that, the ice roller coaster had kind of like a marshmallow oven, and the way it worked was on the side, there were kind of like little puffs of fire away from the roller coaster. And then there were marshmallows that a catapult would launch over the fire, and it would sing the marshmallows a little bit. They'd get like, a little burned by the fire, but not so burned, and they would land right by the ice roller coaster, and kids could catch them. So you would just catch the marshmallows, and then you could eat them. The wiggle from the hot cocoa. Well, the catapults that launched jonah asked if some of the marshmallows what fell into the river with the hot cocoa? It was a pond with hot cocoa. It wasn't a river. None of them, no, but might be a river going away or into the yeah, none of the marshmallows went into the hot cocoa pond, but because the catapults aimed them after. And so you would go through that, and you'd get all the marshmallows that you wanted. But then that wasn't the end of the ride. After you went on that part of the ride, then you went through this really dark tunnel. And in the dark tunnel, there was kind of, like, shadows. And the shadows started to talk to you. And the shadows, guess what? They had your same voice. So if you said, like, hi, my name is jesse, then the shadow had the same voice as you, and it would say, hi, my name is Jesse's shadow. And the shadows were able to talk to you. And so it was like every kid was able to talk to his own shadow. And usually shadows, like, follow you around and do what you want to do. If the sun is shining on you, sometimes you could see a shadow. But these shadows, every time I'm sleeping. Yeah, and sometimes if you're lying down in bed, there's a little bit of light in your room, you could see shadows. These shadows were able to talk to kids, and the shadows all wanted to go on the roller coaster ride. And so jesse and jonah made some space for their shadows. I'm making a shadow. Good job. And jesse and jonah made some space for the shadows to stay on the ride with them. Well, finally, they were coming to the very end of the ice roller coaster ride. So jesse and jonah got off of the ice roller coaster ride, and when they got off, they were ready for the birthday cake ride. But I can't tell you guys about the birthday cake ride today, because our story is over. So jonah and jesse lives happily ever after. The that wasn't so short. Thanks for listening to upstairs. My name is Anna.