Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Jonah. Jonah loved going on boats for long fishing trips. Sometimes, before going on a fishing trip, he would search for worms under rocks near the muddy water.

One day, Jonah was ready to go fishing. He had his fishing rod, string, hooks, and a boat, but he needed something to catch the fish, so he picked up a rock. Under the rock, he found some worms. Most of them looked like regular, squiggly worms. When he reached for them, the worms tried to escape into little holes in the ground. Jonah told his brother Jesse and the nearby people about the worms they could use for fishing, but they were squiggling away.

Jonah gently grabbed one of the worms and pulled it out of the hole it was crawling into. But this wasn't a regular worm. The top looked normal, but most of its body was rainbow-colored. As he pulled out more of the worm, it got bigger and bigger. The worm also had legs that spiraled around its body.

Jonah called his parents over to see the rainbow worm with spiral legs. His dad picked up the worm and said, "I don't think we should go fishing with this because it looks like a special worm." Just then, the worm crawled out of Jonah's hand and slithered into the boat. Jonah said, "Dad, Mom, I think the worm wants to go in the boat, so let's go with it because it's a rainbow-colored one, and we don't usually see these."

Jonah's dad, mom, and little brother Jesse put on their life jackets and got in the boat. Jonah also wore a life jacket. In the boat, they noticed the rainbow-colored worm squiggling and moving its legs. As they reached the middle of the water, the worm went into the water and swam in a circle, creating a whirlpool. It looked like the water swirling down a bathtub drain.

The whirlpool grew bigger and bigger until it reached the bottom of the lake. Jonah's boat got pulled down the whirlpool, which had a gentle water slide, so it wasn't dangerous or scary. At the bottom of the lake, they found a big computer screen playing a movie. People fishing on top of the lake had no idea because they could only see seaweed. But under some lakes, there are big computers that show movies and lots of phones from people dropping them in boats.

The rainbow-colored worm with spiral legs took Jonah and his family to the bottom of the lake in their boat. To keep the whirlpool going, the worm used its many legs to flip and flop. The worm was so long it could reach from the bottom to the top of the whirlpool. Jonah and his family went straight into the computer and into the movie.

Jonah said, "Mom, Dad, we're getting into a movie." His dad replied, "Wait, it looks like we're getting into a story too." Jonah exclaimed, "Help, Mom, Dad, we're getting sucked into a story called Makeup Stories!" Jonah and his dad went into a real story and got gobbled up by the computer into a story about a kid with a boat, a lake, and a rainbow worm that could squiggle around.

Jonah asked, "Dad, how do we get out of this story and the bottom of the lake?" He had an idea. Jonah thought there must be a button on the computer. He started pressing buttons, and each time something different happened. He pressed a red button, and a mermaid appeared. He pressed a blue button, and a crowned whale came out.

Jonah realized that anything he pressed on the computer could turn real and go into the lake. He had an idea. He told his family to take pictures on the computer. Then he said, "Let's press the picture button to make the pictures real, and we'll go out of the computer into the lake." They took pictures using the computer, and Jonah pressed an orange button. Bubbles floated out of the computer with people inside them.

One bubble had little Jonah, another had little Jesse, another had Jonah's mom, Amanda, and another had Jonah's dad, Steve. They were scared because they didn't know how to get out of the bubbles. The bubbles were colorful and nice, but they were afraid they might pop. Luckily, the mermaid came to save them and blew more air into the bubbles until they got bigger, and they found their way back to the boat. The rainbow-colored worm helped them get back to the top of the lake. Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.