Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Jonah. Jonah used to love going on boats to go on big long fishing trips. And sometimes before Jonah would go on a fishing trip, he would dig under rocks next to the mud by the water, and he would see if he could find worms. Well, one day, Jonah was ready to go fishing. And he had his fishing rod, and he had some string for the fishing rod, and he had some hooks and he had a boat, but he had nothing to get the fish, so he picked up a rock. 

Jonah picked up a rock, and under the rock he saw that there were some worms. Most of the worms looked like regular and squiggly kinds of worms. And when he reached his hand, the worms tried to get away and squiggle under little holes that were in the ground. And so Jonah told his brother Jesse, and all of the people who were nearby, that there were worms that they could use to catch fish under the rock, but that they were squiggling away. 

Jonah used his fingers to gently grab one of the worm's bodies and to pull it back out of the hole that it was crawling in. But as Jonah started pulling out the worm, he saw that it wasn't a regular worm. The top of it looked like a regular worm, but most of its body was rainbow colored. And as he pulled out more of the worm, the rainbow colored worm got bigger and bigger. The worm also had legs. And the legs, you couldn't see at first because the back just looks like a regular worm, but its legs were all around the body, on the top and the bottom. And it had so many legs that went along its worm colorful rainbow body in a spiral. 

Jonah was like, "Dad, Mom, come look. I found a rainbow worm with legs that spiral around." And Jonah's parents came and his dad picked up the rainbow colored worm and he said, "I don't think we should go fishing with this because this looks like it's a special worm." But just as he said that, the worm crawled out of Jonah's hand and it started slithering all the way to the boat. And the worm went in the boat. And Jonah said, "Dad, Mom, I think that the worm kind of wants to go in the boat, and so let's go with it because it's a rainbow colored one and we don't usually see these." 

So Jonah's dad and Jonah's mom and also his little brother Jesse put their life jackets on and they went in the boat. And Jonah also had a life jacket. When they got in the boat, they noticed that the rainbow colored worm was squiggling about and moving its legs just so. And as they were in the middle of the water, the worm got up and the rainbow colored worm started going off the boat, squiggling into the water. And then it started to go around the water in a circle, and it created a kind of whirlpool. It looked like, you know, when you're draining a bath and the water goes down, kind of funny if it goes down the drain and it makes circles and circles. 

Well, that's what the rainbow colored worm was making in the lake, and it was making a bigger and bigger hole. And soon the hole got so big that it went all the way to the bottom of the lake. And the boat that Jonah was in and that his parents were in got scooped down the whirlpool. And the whirlpool had a gentle water slide on it, so it wasn't a dangerous, scary one. And there was no water in the middle because sometimes in the bath, as the water is draining, the middle part has no water either. So nobody drowned and they got to the bottom of the lake. 

When they got to the bottom of the lake, they saw that there was a big computer screen and there was a movie that was playing on the bottom of the lake. And all of the other people who were fishing on top of the lake had no idea because they couldn't really see the bottom of the lake. Sometimes they could just see seaweed or something. But really under some lakes, there are just big computers that show movies. And there's also a lot of phones because people drop phones in boats and there's so many computers and so many phones that at the bottom of a lake sometimes it's like a big movie screen. 

And that's where the rainbow colored worm that had legs that went in a spiral around it took Jonah and his family on their boat. Well, they went right into the whirlpool, but what happens if the whirlpool stopped and they got trapped? The rainbow colored worm had so many legs that it was able to keep flipping and flopping the whirlpool. And it was also so long because it could go from the bottom to the top of the whirlpool all by itself. And so when Jonah and his family were in the bottom of the whirlpool, they went straight into the computer and into the movie. 

And Jonah said, "Mom, Dad, we're getting into a movie." And Jonah's dad said, "Wait, it looks like it's getting into a story also." And Jonah said, "Help, Mom, Dad, we're getting sucked into a story. And it's called Makeup Stories." And Jonah and his dad went into a real story and they got gobbled up by the computer into a story that was told to kids about a kid that had a boat and a boat that went on the lake and a rainbow worm that could squiggle around. 

And Jonah was like, "Dad, how do we get out of this story and how do we get out of the bottom of the lake?" And he had an idea. Jonah decided that on the computer there had to be a button. So he started to press the buttons on the computer on the bottom of the lake. And each time he pressed a button, something different happened. There was one square button that Jonah pressed that was the color that was red. And when Jonah pressed the red square button, a mermaid came out and the mermaid started swimming out of the computer into the lake. And then Jonah pressed a blue button on the computer. And the blue button had a whale that had a crown on it come out. And the whale with a crown started swimming in the lake. 

Jonah saw there were so many different buttons on the computer and anything he pressed on the computer could turn real and go into the lake. And that's when Jonah had an idea. He told his whole family to take pictures on the computer. And then when they had pictures, he said, "Now let's press the picture button and that will make the pictures come real and we'll go out of the computer into the lake." And so Jonah and his family took pictures using the computer. And then Jonah pressed the orange circle button. And when he pressed the orange circle button, some bubbles started floating out of the laptop and the bubbles had people in them. 

And one of the bubbles had a little Jonah and one of the bubbles had a little Jesse, and one of the bubbles had Jonah's mom, Amanda. And one of the bubbles had me, Steve. And that was so scary because we didn't know how to get out of the bubbles. And the bubbles were really colorful and nice, but we were afraid that if we kind of jumped up in the bubble that it might pop. But luckily the mermaid came to save us and the mermaid blew some more air into all of the bubbles until they got bigger and bigger and we could find our way back to the boat. And we got in the boat and the rainbow colored worm helped us get back up to the top of the lake. And Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.