Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived in a round house built on top of a merry-go-round. Inside the house, there was a candy store. Jonah and Jesse's job was to sell enough candy every day to save up for a special gold coin. The problem was that when a new kid entered the store, the merry-go-round would start spinning. Sometimes, if it spun too fast, the candy would fall off the shelves and onto the floor. Jonah and Jesse had to clean it up, which they thought wasn't fair. But every time after they cleaned up, they got to keep one candy that they could eat and didn't have to sell.

Outside their merry-go-round candy store, there was a sand pit. To get out, they had to press a big red button, which opened a door that went up, and the merry-go-round stopped. Then Jonah and Jesse could go into the sand pit. On the other side of the sand pit, there was a big castle. The castle had diamond windows and blue and purple gems all over the roof. The bricks in the castle were special because they were made of a really cool red kind of brick that felt soft when you touched it. All the kids in their town loved to first go into the candy store on the merry-go-round, then go out into the sand pit, and finally try to touch the soft red bricks on the castle, which felt like a nice blanket.

The problem was, no kid was ever allowed inside the castle. Inside the castle, Jonah and Jesse could always hear some noises, and the noises sounded like ghosts. One time, a kid named Jeremy went into Jonah and Jesse's candy store and asked to buy two lollipops. Jonah and Jesse gave him one blue lollipop and one red lollipop, and the kid was dressed as a superhero. Jeremy told Jonah and Jesse that he had been inside the special castle with the soft red bricks, the diamond windows, and the gems all over the roof. Jonah and Jesse thought that Jeremy was tricking them, but Jeremy said, "Watch this." Suddenly, he made his cape float in the air. As the merry-go-round started to turn around, Jeremy flipped upside down and was able to walk upside down on the ceiling of the merry-go-round house. Normal kids can't do that, so Jonah and Jesse knew that Jeremy had some special powers, but they didn't know how special his powers were.

Jeremy told Jonah and Jesse that he was going to take them inside the red castle with the diamond windows. Jonah and Jesse agreed, so they pressed the red button, and the merry-go-round candy store house stopped. The door opened up, and they went out into the sand pit. As they started walking towards the castle, they realized that if you touched a certain brick that was the softest one of all, quicksand would appear right next to the castle and could trap you. Jesse was the first one to get trapped by the quicksand. He started falling into the quicksand, and it got higher and higher, all the way past his ankles, past his knees, and up to his belly button. Jeremy, the superhero with the cape, said, "Don't worry." He went upside down and started pulling Jesse out, using his cape to flap up and pull Jesse out of the quicksand.

Jesse said, "I don't actually want to go in the castle." But Jeremy, the superhero, said, "Don't worry. I'm a superhero, so I can save you." Jonah said, "I actually don't think it's such a good idea for us to go in the castle." Just as he said that, he heard some bells ringing from the top of the castle. They went ding-dong, ding-dong. The bells rang louder and louder, and as the bells started to ring so loud, they saw that on the other side of all the sand where the candy store was, the candy store was starting to spin around so fast that it went off the merry-go-round and was now floating in the air. Jesse said, "Oh, no! Look what happened to our house!" Jeremy, the superhero, told Jonah and Jesse that the only way they could get the merry-go-round candy store house to go back onto the base where it was, was to press a blue button inside the castle.

Jesse said, "I still don't want to go." That's when Jonah and Jesse had an idea: they would bring mirrors with them and look inside the mirrors the whole time. So if a ghost saw them, the ghost might only see the Jesse in the mirror and not the real Jesse. So Jonah and Jesse brought mirrors with them, and then they found the door to the castle. The door to the castle was a special door made of big wooden beams, and instead of having a doorknob, it had a switch. Jeremy, the superhero, made the switch go down. When he made the switch go down, suddenly there were lots of lights that lit up inside the castle, and the bricks that were so soft suddenly became coarse and hard. The castle was all lit up, and suddenly it started to fill up with water. It got so full of water that Jesse and Jonah decided they were not going to go in there, and they would just have to move somewhere else.

Jeremy, the superhero, said, "Well, what about the mirror trick? Maybe we could shine the mirror in some of the diamond windows, and then it'll look like you're inside the castle, but really, you guys could stay outside." Jesse said, "I am not going near that." That's when Jeremy, the superhero, said he had an idea. He said they could come up with a pretend Jesse that wore Jesse's clothing and a magic shirt. The magic shirt would look exactly like Jesse's shirt, and a pretend Jesse would grow out of that magic shirt, with the same Jesse eyes, mouth, hair, nose, and ears. There would also be a magic shirt for Jonah.

Jeremy, the superhero, showed Jonah and Jesse that there was a magic shirt buried in the quicksand. He got the magic shirt out of the quicksand and told Jonah and Jesse to put the magic shirt on while looking in the mirror. They looked in the mirror with the magic shirt, and it created another Jonah and Jesse. The new Jonah and Jesse held the hands of Jeremy, the superhero, and they flew up to the top of the castle. When they got to the top of the castle, they started to touch some of the magical gems on the top of the castle. The top of the castle opened up, and they saw that it was full of water and the lights were shining on inside the water. It was so special in the castle that they swam using the magical shirts all the way to the bottom of the castle. When they got to the bottom of the castle, they pressed the blue button. A big drain on the bottom of the castle drained out all the water.

When the water drained out of the castle, Jonah and Jesse, the pretend Jonah and Jesse with the magic shirts, and Jeremy, the superhero, opened up the door with the blue button and saw the real Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse asked if there were any ghosts inside the castle. The pretend Jonah and Jesse and Jeremy, the superhero, said there were no ghosts inside the castle. The reason there were sometimes those noises in the castle was that there was a different kid who had a magic shirt that got stuck in the castle. It was that pretend kid in the castle that was making all the noise, and that's why no other kids were allowed to go in it.

Jonah and Jesse told Jeremy, the superhero, that they were happy he got to press the blue button because now their candy house store was going back on the merry-go-round. They turned around and saw that indeed, their candy house store had reattached to the merry-go-round. They all decided they were so happy they were going to do Ring Around a Rosie. They held hands and went in a circle, singing Ring Around a Rosie. This time, when they fell down, they laughed so much. Jonah and Jesse and Jeremy, the superhero, all lived happily ever after. The end.