Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup toys. My name is birdie. I live in Des Moines, Iowa state. Makeup toys is the best podcast ever. Okay, tonight's makeup story is a request for my two kids, jonah and Jesse. And Jonah asked for the story to be about a kid that turns into a superhero. And Jesse wants it to be about a shirt that can jump into water. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse grew up in a house that was built on top of a merrygoround. And the house was round. It was like at a circle walls. And inside the house, there was a candy store. And Jonah and Jesse's job was to make sure that they were able to sell enough candy every day to save it up until they got a really special gold coin. And the problem was that because it was on a merrygoround, whenever a new kid went into the store, the store would start turning around. And sometimes if the store turned around too fast, then the candy would fall off of the shelves and onto the floor. And guess who had to clean it up? It was Jonah and Jesse that had to clean it up. And they thought that wasn't fair. But every time after they cleaned up, they got to keep one candy that they got to eat and didn't have to sell. And outside of their merry go round candy store, which they also lived in, there was a sand pit. And the way they got out was they had to press a big red button, and that opened a door that the door didn't open in and out. Instead, the door went up. And when you pressed the red button, the door went up and the merry go round stopped. And then Jonah and Jesse could go into the sand pit. And on the other side of the sand pit, there was a big castle. And the castle was made of lots of diamonds in the window, and it had blue and purple gems all over the roof. And the bricks in the castle were kind of special because the bricks were made of a really cool red kind of brick that whenever you touched it, it felt really soft. And so all of the kids that lived in their town would love to first go into the candy store on the merry ground, and then they would go out into the sand pit, and then they would try to touch the red bricks that were so soft, like a nice blankie on the castle. But the problem was, no kid was ever allowed inside the castle. And inside the castle, Jonah and Jesse could always hear some noises, and the noises sounded like ghosts. And one time there was a kid whose name was Jeremy that went into Jonah and Jesse's candy store, and he asked to buy two lollipops. And Jonah and jesse gave him one blue lollipop and one red lollipop, and the kid was dressed as a superhero. And Jeremy told Jonah and Jesse that he had been inside of the special castle that had the really soft red bricks and the diamond windows and the gems all over the roof. And Jonah and Jesse thought that Jeremy was tricking, but Jeremy said, watch this. And suddenly he made his cape float in the air. And as the merry go round started to turn around, jeremy flipped upside down, and he was able to walk upside down on the ceiling of the merrygoround house. And normal kids can't do that. And so Jonah and Jesse knew that Jeremy had some special powers, but they didn't know how special his powers were. And Jeremy told Jonah and Jesse that he was going to take them inside of the red castle with the diamond windows. And Jonah and Jesse said, okay. So they pressed the red button, and the merrygoround candy store house stopped, and the door opened up, and it went uppie, and they went out into the sand pit. And when they started walking towards the sandcastle, they realized that right at the entrance to the sandcastle, if you touched a certain brick that was the softest one of all, then Quicksand would come right next to the sand castle, and it could trap you. And Jesse was the first one to get trapped by the Quicksand. And he started falling into the Quicksand, and the Quicksand got higher and higher, all the way past his ankles, past his knee, up to his belly button. And Jeremy the superhero with the cape said, don't worry. And he went upside down, and he started pulling Jesse and used his cape to flap up to pull Jesse out. And he pulled Jesse out of the Quicksand. And Jesse said, I don't actually want to go in the castle. But Jeremy the superhero said, don't worry. I'm a superhero, so I could save you. And Jonah said, I actually don't think it's such a good idea for us to go in the castle. And just as he said that, he heard some bells ringing from the top of the castle. And they went ding dong, ding dong. And the bells rang louder and louder and louder. And as the bells started to ring so loud, they saw that on the other side of all of the sand where the candy store was, the candy store was starting to spin around so fast that it went off of the merrygoround and was now floating in the air. And Jesse said, oh, no. Look what happened to our house. And Jeremy the superhero told Jonah and Jesse that the only way that they could get the merrygoround candy store house to go back onto the base where it was, was they would have to press a blue button inside of the castle. And Jesse said, I still don't want to go. And that's when Jonah and Jesse had an idea of they would bring mirrors with them, and they would look inside the mirrors the whole time. So if a ghost saw them, the ghost might only see the Jesse in the mirror and not the real Jesse. So Jonah and Jesse brought mirrors with them, and then they found the door to the castle. Now, the door to the castle was kind of a special door because it was made of big wooden beams. And instead of having a doorknob, it had a switch. And Jeremy the superhero made the switch go down. And when he made the switch go down, suddenly there were lots of lights that lit up inside of the castle and the bricks that were so soft, suddenly those bricks got really coarse and hard, and they didn't feel so nice anymore. And the castle was all lit up. And suddenly the castle started to fill up with water. And it got so full of water that Jesse and Jonah were like, we are definitely not going to go in there, and we're just not going to get our merrygoround candy house to come back. We're just going to have to move somewhere else. And Jeremy the superhero said, well, what about the mirror trick? Maybe we could shine the mirror in some of the diamond windows, and then it'll look like you're inside the castle, but really, you guys could stay outside. And Jesse said, I am not going near that. And that's when Jeremy the superhero said that he had an idea. He said that they could come up with a pretend Jesse that wore Jesse's clothing and a magic shirt, and the magic shirt, that it was going to look exactly like Jesse's shirt. And a pretend Jesse would grow out of that magic shirt, and it would have his same Jesse eyes and Jesse mouth and Jesse hair and Jesse nose and ears, and there would be a magic shirt for Jonah. And they said, well, how are you going to make that magic shirt appear? And Jeremy the superhero showed Jonah and Jesse that there was a magic shirt buried in the quicksand, and he got the magic shirt out of the quicksand, and he told Jonah and Jesse to put the magic shirt on while looking in the mirror. And they looked in the mirror with a magic shirt, and it created another Jonah and Jesse. And that new Jonah and Jesse, they held the hands of Jeremy the superhero, and they flew up to the top of the castle. And when they got to the top of the castle, they started to touch some of the magical gems on the top of the castle. And the top of the castle opened up, and they saw that it was full of water and the lights were shining on inside the water. And it was so special in the castle, they swam using the magical shirts all the way to the bottom of the castle. And when they got to the bottom of the castle, they got to the blue button. And the blue button, when they pressed it, there was a big drain on the bottom of the castle, and it drained out all of the water. And when the water drained out of the castle, jonah and Jesse, the pretend Jonah and Jesse with the magic shirts, and Jeremy the superhero, they opened up the door with the blue button, and they saw the real Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse said, were there any ghosts inside the castle? And the pretend Jonah and Jesse and Jeremy the superhero said there were no ghosts inside the castle. The reason there were sometimes those noises in the castle is that there was a different kid who had a magic shirt that got stuck in the castle. And it was that pretend kid that was in the castle that was making all of that noise, and that's why no other kids were allowed to go in it. And so Jonah and Jesse told Jeremy the superhero, that they were happy that he got to press the blue button, because now their candy house store was going back on the Merrygoround. And they turned around and they saw that indeed, their candy house store had reattached to the Merrygoround. And so they all decided that they were so happy they were going to do Ring Around a Rosie. And so they held hands and went in a circle, and they sang Ring Around a Rosie. And this time, when they fell down, they laughed so much, and Jonah and Jesse and Jeremy the superhero all lived happily ever after. The end. Maybe that's thank you. Listen to my cup stories. My name is DA. Go to my cupstarling.com. Join the club. Hello, friends.