Once upon a time, there was a three-year-old whose name was Blythe. Blythe was so good at digging, and he had a shovel and a bucket, and he lived right next to a playground. One day, Blythe went with his mama and his dada to the playground. When they got to the playground, Blythe saw that there was a little rock, and under the rock, he saw a worm. The worm squiggled under the rock. Blythe asked his mama if he could dig under the rock to see what was there because the worm looked like a magic worm. It was not a regular color worm; it was a yellow worm.

So he started to dig, and when he dug a little bit, he saw a secret pink magic door under the ground. There was a doorbell, and the doorbell had a red button on it. Blythe asked his mama if he could press the red button, and his mama said yes. Blythe pressed the button, and it went ding-dong. Nobody answered. Blythe knocked on the door, and he said, "Knock, knock. Anyone there?" Suddenly a pink bunny rabbit, who was wearing a hat, opened the door. The bunny rabbit was really silly because he was wearing mittens, and usually, only people wear mittens when it's snowy, but it was not snowy over here. The bunny rabbit was also in a wheelchair.

Blythe asked the pink bunny rabbit, "Why are you in a wheelchair?" The bunny rabbit said, "I'm in a wheelchair because I got a splinter in my foot, and there's no bandaids for me, and there's also no tweezers." Blythe asked if he could come in, and the bunny rabbit said, "Okay." So Blythe entered the big pink door to the secret bunny rabbit kingdom.

When he got down, he saw there was a merry-go-round. On the merry-go-round, there were bunny rabbits who were going round and round. There was a song that went, "Tweedle, doodle doodle, needle, bottle, needle doodle." There were also bunny rabbit swings and a bunny rabbit seesaw. Bunny rabbits are really good at jumping, so when they would go up on the seesaw, they would jump. When they would go down, they would jump. Then they would say "hiccup" and jump even higher.

Well, there was also a bunny rabbit supermarket where there were lots of carrots, lots of cabbage, lots of celery, and so much honey. There was also a bunny rabbit bus with a bunny rabbit bus driver. The bunny rabbit bus was pink, and there were so many special bunny rabbit things. It was a magical place for bunny rabbits, and Blythe was the only person there.

Blythe asked if there were any bunny rabbit doctors there because he needed a doctor to take the splinter out of the bunny rabbit that had a splinter in its foot. All of the bunny rabbits said, "No, I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. Are you a doctor?" Blythe said, "No. I'm just a big boy. I'm not a doctor." Then he had an idea.

He remembered that one time in the playground, he saw a kitty cat. The kitty cat seemed like it might have been a doctor because the kitty cat had a stethoscope, which is a tool, an instrument that doctors use. The kitty cat was wearing a white coat, and the kitty cat was in a doctor's office next to the playground. Blythe told the bunny rabbits that they should wait in their magic underground kingdom, and he would open up the pink door, and he would find a kitty cat doctor to help take out the splinter.

Blythe tried to get out of the pink door, but at first, he couldn't reach it, so he asked one of the bunny rabbits if he could go on their back. The bunny rabbit jumped up and hopped while Blythe was on the bunny rabbit's back. Then the bunny rabbit jumped all the way to the pink door, and Blythe opened the doorknob and got outside of the secret magic kingdom. When he was outside, his mama was waiting for him.

Blythe's mama said, "What happened in there?" Blythe said, "I can't really tell you now, mom, because it's an emergency. There is a bunny rabbit that had a splinter, and it needs my help." Blythe's mama said, "Okay, let's go help." Blythe told his mama that not a lot of people knew it, but there was really a kitty cat doctor that lived by the playground. Blythe said it was in one of the climbing structures that had a steering wheel. Sometimes when the kids were playing, the kitty cat would come up to them and say, "Meow."

Blythe's mama said, "Okay, let's see if we could find it." They went to the climbing structure by the playground, and they said, "Meow. Meow." They said this because they were looking for the kitty cat. Those are some sounds that people could make when they're looking for kitty cats. Well, nothing came. Then Blythe's mama had a good idea. Blythe's mama said, "Well, we do have an extra bottle of milk with us that I brought just in case we would see a baby that's thirsty. I also do have a bowl in my pocketbook, so how about I take out the bottle of milk, and we spill it into the bowl. Then kitty cats love milk, and so then maybe the kitty cat will come." Blythe said, "That was a good idea."

So the mom took out the bottle, took off the top of the bottle, and spilled it into the bowl. Then Blythe said, "Meow." Suddenly the kitty cat doctor came. The kitty cat doctor looked like a regular kitty cat, but it could stand up. The kitty cat doctor had a stethoscope and was wearing his white coat. The kitty cat doctor was able to talk, and he said, "What can I help you with today, sir?" Blythe said, "Well, Dr. Kitty Cat, I went to a secret underground kingdom where pink bunny rabbits live. There was one bunny rabbit that needed to go around in a wheelchair because he had a big splinter in his toe. Can you help take the splinter out of the bunny rabbit's toe?" The kitty cat doctor said, "Okay."

The kitty cat doctor asked Blythe where the secret magic kingdom was. Blythe showed that there was a rock that had a worm, a yellow worm under it. If you dug under that rock, you could find the pink door with the doorbell. They went there together. Blyde's mama and daddy waited right outside this time. They rang the doorbell two times, and it went ding-dong, ding-dong. Just as they did it, two bunny rabbits jumped up. The bunny rabbits were so happy. The bunny rabbits had some kitty treats with them because these bunny rabbits loved cats. Sometimes bunny rabbits are afraid of cats because cats are predators and they could catch some animals. But these pink bunnies were not afraid of cats because they were so happy, and they loved all animals.

The pink bunnies gave the kitty cat doctor some kitty treats. Then the kitty cat doctor came in, and the kitty cat doctor asked where the bunny was that was in a wheelchair that had a splinter. The bunnies took the kitty cat on the bunny bus, and the bunny rabbit bus driver drove them all the way to that pink bunny's house. When they got to the pink bunny's house, the kitty cat doctor said, "Oh, I need to check up and see what's going on." He asked the pink bunny rabbit to open his mouth and say, "Ah." The pink bunny rabbit opened his mouth, and the kitty cat doctor said, "Don't worry, bunny rabbit. I'm not going to give you a shot. I'm just going to take the splinter out." The bunny rabbit said, "Okay."

Then the kitty cat doctor said, "You could hold your mama's hand if you want." The pink bunny rabbit held its mama bunny rabbit's hand, and the kitty cat doctor used some tweezers to take out the splinter. It didn't even hurt. The pink bunny rabbit was very happy because the kitty cat doctor gave it a Snoopy bandaid. That's a special kind of bandaid that kids like and also pink bunny rabbits. The pink bunny rabbit put it on its foot, and then it felt better and didn't have to go in the wheelchair anymore.

All of the pink bunnies said, "Yay. We're so happy." They decided to give Blythe some special person treats, including chocolate. Blythe and the kitty cat went out of the secret bunny rabbit kingdom where Blythe's mama was waiting. Blythe's mama told them about a water gun that shot out melted chocolate and orange juice. They also had a water gun that shot out melted chocolate. It was so silly. Blythe's mama was so proud of him. Blythe and his parents lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to makeup because they will like it.