Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a listener named Blythe, who lives in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and who's three years old and is about to be four years old. Blythe asked for us to make up a story that includes pink bunnies and a doctor. And we are going to add a kitty cat that gets wet in the rain to the story. Once upon a time, there was a three year old whose name was Blythe. Blythe was so good at digging, and he had a shovel and a bucket, and he lived right next to a playground. One day, Blythe went with his mama and his dadda to the playground. When they got to the playground, Blythe saw that there was a little rock, and under the rock he saw a worm. And the worm squiggled under the rock. And Blythe asked his mama if he could dig under the rock to see what was there, because the worm looked like a magic worm. And it was not a regular color worm. It was a yellow worm. So he started to dig, and when he dug a little bit, he saw a secret pink magic door under the ground. And there was a doorbell. And the doorbell had a red button on it. And Blythe asked his mama if he could press the red button. And his mama said yes. So Blythe pressed the button, and it went ding dong. And nobody answered. So Blythe knocked on the door, and he said, Knock, knock. Anyone there? And suddenly a bunny rabbit, who was pink and who was wearing a hat opened the door. The bunny rabbit was really silly because he was wearing mittens, and usually only people wear mittens when it's snowy, but it was not snowy over here. And so the bunny rabbit was also in a wheelchair. And Blythe asked the pink bunny rabbit, why are you in a wheelchair? And the bunny rabbit said, I'm in a wheelchair because I got a splinter in my foot and there's no bandaids for me, and there's also no tweezers. And Blythe asked if he could come in, and the bunny rabbit said, okay. So Blythe entered the big pink door to the secret bunny rabbit kingdom. And when he got down, he saw there was a merrygoround. And on the merrygoround, there were bunny rabbits who were going round and round. And there was a song that went, tweedle, doodle doodle, needle, bottle, needle doodle. And there were also bunny rabbit swings and a bunny rabbit seesaw. And bunny rabbits are really good at jumping, so when they would go up on the seesaw, they would jump. And when they would go down, they would jump. And then they would say hiccup and jump even higher. Well, there is also a bunny rabbit supermarket where there is lots of carrots and lots of cabbage and lots of celery and so much honey. And there was also a bunny rabbit bus with a bunny rabbit bus driver. And the bunny rabbit bus was pink, and there were so many special bunny rabbit things, and it was a magical place for bunny rabbits, and Blythe. Was the only person there. Blythe. Asked if there was any bunny rabbit doctors there, because he needed a doctor to take the splinter out of the bunny rabbit that had a splinter in its foot. And all of the bunny rabbits said, no, I'm not a doctor. I'm not a doctor. Are you a doctor? And Blythe. Said, no. I'm just a big boy. I'm not a doctor. And then he had an idea. He remembered that one time in the playground, he saw a kitty cat. And the kitty cat seemed like it might have been a doctor because the kitty cat had a stethoscope, which is a tool, an instrument that doctors use. And the kitty cat was wearing a white coat, and the kitty cat was in a doctor's office next to the playground. And so blythe. Told the bunny rabbits that they should wait in their magic underground kingdom, and he would open up the pink door, and he would find a kitty cat doctor to help take out the splinter. Well, Blythe. Tried to get out of the pink door, but at first he couldn't reach it, so he asked one of the bunny rabbits if he could go on their back. And then the bunny rabbit jumped up and hopped while Blythe. Was on the bunny rabbit back. And then he jumped all the way to the pink door, and Blythe. Opened the doorknob and got outside of the secret magic kingdom. When he was outside, his mama was waiting for him. And Blythe's mama said, what happened in there? And Blythe. Said, I can't really tell you now, mom, because it's an emergency. There is a bunny rabbit that had a splinter, and it needs my help. And Blythe's mama said, okay, let's go help. And Blythe. Told his mama that not a lot of people knew it, but there was really a kitty cat doctor that lived by the playground. And Blythe. Said it was in one of the climbing structures that had a steering wheel. And sometimes when the kids were playing, the kitty cat would come up to them and say, Meow. And so Blythe's mama said, okay, let's see if we could find it. And they went to the climbing structure by the playground, and they said, Meow. Meow. And they said, because they were looking for the kitty cat. And those are some sounds that people could make when they're looking for kitty cats. Well, nothing came. And then Blythe's mama had a good idea. Blythe's mama said, well, there is somebody that we do have an extra bottle of milk with us that I brought just in case we would see a baby that's thirsty. And I also do have a bowl in my pocketbook, and so how about I take out the bottle of milk, and we spill it into the bowl. And then kitty cats love milk, and so then maybe the kitty cat will come. And Blythe. Said, that was a good idea. So the mom took out the bottle, took off the top of the bottle and spilled it into the bowl. And then blythe. Said, Meow. And suddenly the kitty cat doctor came. The kitty cat doctor looked like a regular kitty cat, but it could stand up. And the kitty cat doctor had a stethoscope and was wearing his white coat. And the kitty cat doctor was able to talk, and he said, what can I help you with today, sir? And Blythe. Said, Well, Dr. Kitty Cat, I went to a secret underground kingdom where pink bunny rabbits live. And there was one bunny rabbit that needed to go around in a wheelchair because he had a big splinter in his toe. Can you help take the splinter out of the bunny rabbit's toe? And the kitty cat doctor said, okay. And so the kitty cat doctor asked Blythe. Where the secret magic kingdom was. And Blythe. Showed that there was a rock that had a worm, a yellow worm under it. And if you dug under that rock, you could find the pink door with the doorbell. And they went there together. And Blyde's mama and daddy waited right outside this time. They rang the doorbell two times, and it went ding dong, ding dong. And just as they did it, two bunny rabbits jumped up. And because the bunny rabbits were so happy. And do you know what the bunny rabbits had with them? Kitty treats. They had a bunch of kitty cat treats with them because these bunny rabbits loved cats. Sometimes bunny rabbits are afraid of cats because cats are predators and they could kind of catch some kind of animals. But these pink bunnies were not afraid of cats because they were so happy, and they loved all animals. Well, the pink bunnies gave the kitty cat doctor some kitty treats. And then the kitty cat doctor came in, and the kitty cat doctor asked where the bunny was that was in a wheelchair that had a splinter. And the bunnies took the kitty cat on the bunny bus, and the bunny rabbit bus driver drove them all the way to that pink bunny's house. When they got to the pink bunny's house, the kitty cat doctor said, oh, I need to check up and see what's going on. And he asked the pink bunny rabbit to open his mouth and say, Ah. And the pink bunny rabbit opened his mouth, and he said, don't worry, bunny rabbit. I'm not going to give you a shot. I'm just going to take the splinter out. And the bunny rabbit said, okay. And then the kitty cat doctor said, you could hold your mama's hand if you want. And the pink bunny rabbit held its mama bunny rabbit's hand, and the kitty cat doctor used some tweezers to take out the splinter. And it didn't even hurt. And then the pink bunny rabbit was very happy because do you know what the kitty cat doctor gave it? A snoopy bandaid. That's a special kind of bandaid that kids like. And also pink bunny rabbits. And the pink bunny rabbit put it on its foot and then it felt better and it didn't have to go in the wheelchair anymore. And all of the pink bunnies said, Yay. We're so happy. And they decided to give Blythe. Some special person treats, including chocolate and Blythe. And a kitty cat went out of the secret bunny rabbit kingdom where Blythe's mama was waiting. And Blythe's mama told that shooted out melted chocolate and orange juice and gun juice. They also had a water gun that shot it out that shot out melted chocolate. And it was so silly. And Blythe's mama was so proud of him. And Blythe. And his parents lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.