Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Harper. Harper had just turned four years old. For his birthday, he received a big box and a smaller box in the mail. He asked his parents for a butterknife to help open the boxes. His parents gave him a butterknife, and they opened the boxes together. Inside the big box was an aquarium, like a big fish tank, for keeping different kinds of lizards. It had a warm light on top, rocks, pebbles, and little pretend trees for the lizards to enjoy. The smaller box contained some lizards. Harper placed the lizards in the aquarium and got some lizard food with his parents. He told the lizards that they would be his pets and that he would be very nice to them.

That night, Harper had dinner with the aquarium and the lizards nearby. The next morning, he noticed that the aquarium's cover was open and the lizards were missing. Harper told his parents they needed flashlights to search for the lizards, who might have crawled out and explored the house. His parents gave him a special flashlight that had a blinking mode, a red light, a green light, and a yellow light. Harper searched under his bed and found many flies. The lizards were there too, watching the flies. They stuck out their long tongues and ate the flies. As they ate, their backs started to look like rocket ships. The lizards grew bigger and bigger until they were as big as Harper's bed. They ate over 100 flies!

The lizards crawled out from under Harper's bed with full bellies and rocket engines instead of tails. Harper asked if they were still nice, and they said they were. The lizards wanted to go outside to blast off to outer space, and Harper wanted to watch. One by one, the lizards crawled through the hallway to the front door. Lizzie, the leading lizard, asked Harper to open the door. Harper tried but needed his mom's help. She opened the door, and the lizards crawled outside. They stood up and looked like rocket ships. One lizard asked Harper if he wanted a ride, and he said yes. His mom said it was okay as long as he wore a helmet. Harper put on his bicycle helmet and strapped himself to Lizzie the lizard rocket ship. Lizzie counted down, and they blasted off. Flies came out of the lizard's back, flapping their wings and lifting them higher and higher.

Harper and Lizzie soared through the sky, past the clouds, and into outer space, where the moon and stars were. They flew right and left, back and forth, and finally arrived at a planet that looked like giant candy. They landed on the Candy Planet, which had oceans, land, snow, lakes, and trees. But it was different from Earth. There were silly animals, like rainbow-colored piggies as tall as giraffes that made toothbrush noises and pooped toothpaste. Harper also met an astronaut who looked like a teenager but said he was older than Harper's grandparents. The astronaut was in charge of a chocolate lollipop machine that gave out lollipops when kids pressed a button and pulled a crank. A rabbit would then take the lollipop, and the kids would chase it before getting their prize.

The astronaut told Harper he had been on Candy Planet since he was a child after riding a lizard rocket ship there. Harper asked if he could stay, but the astronaut said he would miss his family and friends too much. However, he could visit sometimes. Harper took some candy with him and returned to Earth on his lizard rocket ship. He shared the candy with his family and lived happily ever after.

One day, Harper met a cow that said it used to live on Candy Planet and came to Earth on a lizard rocket ship. A jaguar and a leopard also appeared, saying they came from the rainbow-colored Candy Planet. Harper said they could all be friends, and they lived happily ever after. The end.