Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Harper. And Harper had his fourth birthday. And for his birthday present, he got a big box in the mail and also a little smaller box. He asked his parents for a butterknife to help open the box. And his parents gave him a butterknife, and they opened the box together. After Harper opened it up, he saw that it was an aquarium and that it was like a big fish tank that he could use to put in different kinds of lizards. And it had a big light on top to keep the lizards nice and snug and warm. And it also had some rocks inside and pebbles and little itty bitty pretend trees for lizards. And then in the other box, there were some lizards. And Harper opened it up and saw that the lizards fit inside the aquarium. So Harper got some lizard food with his parents and put it in the aquarium. And he told the lizards that they'll be his pets and that he'll be so nice to them.

And that night, Harper had dinner and they took the whole fish tank with the lizards in it. And the lizards watched Harper have dinner. Well, the next morning, Harper noticed that the cover to the aquarium or the fish tank that the lizards lived in was open and that the lizards were missing. Harper told his parents they needed to get some flashlights and look around for the lizards because the lizards might have crawled out of the fish tank and have been exploring the house by themselves. Harper's parents said okay. And they gave him a kind of flashlight that was regular, but also it had a blinking mode. And when you pressed the button two times, the flashlight started to blink. And if you press the button three times, then the flashlight made a red light, a green light, and a yellow light. And Harper looked around with his special color flashlight and under the bed he found something. He found so many flies. There was a secret place under his bed where there were so many flies. And do you know who was there watching the flies? Lizards. The lizards. And the lizards were they had long tongues. Tongues. And the lizards stuck out their tongues and ate up a fly. And as the lizards ate up a fly, Harper saw that the backs of the lizards looked like they were turning into rocket ships. And the lizards kept eating up the flies and they got bigger and bigger and bigger until the lizards were as big as Harper's bed. And the lizards ate so many flies, and they had more than 100 flies inside of them.

Well, the lizards crawled out from under Harper's bed, and the lizards had such full bellies, and they looked like they had engines, like rocket engines in the back of them instead of a regular tail. And Harper asked the lizards if they were still nice, and the lizards said they were. Well, the lizards said they wanted to go outside to blast off to outer space, and Harper said he wanted to go watch them. So one by one, the lizards crawled through the hallway of Harper's house and the front door was closed. One of the lizards, the leading lizard named Lizzie lizard, asked Harper to open the front door. Harper tried to open the door by himself, but sometimes it was hard. So he got his mom to help. Harper's mom opened the front door, and the lizards crawled outside. The lizards got in front of Harper's house, and then they started standing up, and the lizards looked like they were turning into rocket ships. And one of the lizards asked Harper if he wanted a ride on the lizard rocket ship, and Harper said he did. And he asked his mom if it's okay. And Harper's mom told him that as long as he wears a helmet, he could go on a lizard ride. So Harper got out a helmet that he used for bicycle riding and for scootering sometimes, and he put the helmet on and he strapped himself to the lizard rocket ship. And one of the lizards, Lizzie lizard, who was carrying Harper, said, three, two, one, blast off. And instead of making fire go out of the back, flies came out and they flapped their wings. And each time a fly flapped its wing, the lizard rocket ship got a little higher. And because the lizard had eaten so many flies, more than 100 flies, it kept getting higher and higher as more flies came out of it. And this was Harper's first time strapped onto a lizard rocket ship. But the rocket ship went on top of the clouds, through the sky, all the way past the blue stuff, until it was outer space, where the moon is and where the stars are and where there's great adventure and undiscovered truths.

And Harper careened through outer space, riding his lizard. And the lizard went right and left, back and forth, this way and that way, hither and thither. And finally, the lizard named Lizzie took Harper to a planet that looked like a giant candy. The planet was so big, just like the planet Earth. The planet was even bigger than the moon, just like the planet Earth. This candy planet had oceans and it had land and it had snow and it had lakes and it had trees, but there was something very different about this Candy Planet. So Harper told the lizard to land on the Candy Planet and the lizard beeped out his parachute and both he and Harper went down slowly past the clouds all the way to the ground, very softly on the Candy Planet. When they got to the Candy Planet, they saw that there were silly animals. Some of them were piggies. The piggies on this and on this Candy Planet were they as tall as elephants. The piggies on this planet were as tall as giraffes and they were rainbow colored. And instead of making an oink oink noise, these piggies, the rainbow colored piggies, which were as tall as giraffes, they made a toothbrush noise like and these piggies, instead of pooping, regular piggy poop, they pooped out toothpaste. And on this silly Candy Planet, there were other interesting creatures. But one of the most interesting creatures that Harper saw was an astronaut on the Candy Planet. And the astronaut that lived on the Candy Planet was in charge of the chocolate lollipop machine. And the way the chocolate lollipop machine worked is you put in a penny or a quarter or a coin or a token or you just said hello and you pressed the button and pulled the crank. And after you pulled the crank and pressed the button poof. A chocolate lollipop would come out from behind a curtain and then the kid would get to reach for the chocolate lollipop. But before the kid could get the chocolate lollipop, rabbit would come out of a hat and take the chocolate lollipop away and the kid got to chase the rabbit and the rabbit would say, he's just pretending and give the chocolate lollipop to the kid. And all the kids would get to win and everyone got chocolate lollipops.

So Harper asked the astronaut who is in charge of the chocolate lollipops, how long he lived on Candy Planet. And this astronaut did not look so old. It looked like he was just a teenager, not even a grown up. And Harper said, how old are you, astronaut? And the astronaut said, I am so old, I am older than your grandma, I am older than your grandpa. I am older than your great grandma and your great grandpa. I come from the olden days, from before you were born, from before your parents were born, from when people were building houses out of stone. And in the olden days I used to have a pet lizard. And the pet lizard was very silly because it was once looking in a cave and it ate so many lizards. And I decided to see what happened to the lizard. And the lizard turned into a rocket ship in the olden days. And I went on that rocket ship when I was a kid and I went all the way here to Candy Planet. And Harper said, so you were a kid there also, and Harper asked if he could stay on candy planet, and the astronaut said that if he stayed on candy planet, he would miss his parents and miss his friends too much, but that he could come visit sometimes. And the astronaut who was there also said that he goes back to earth to visit the olden days sometimes. So Harper decided to take some candy with him, and he went back on his lizard rocket ship back to earth, and he parachuted down, and he went to his family, and he shared the candy that he got from the candy planet, and he lived happily ever after.

But one day, while Harper was living happily ever after, he passed a cow. And the cow said, I used to live on the candy planet, and a lizard made me go down here. And as the cow said that a jaguar and a leopard also came out. And the jaguar and the leopard said they also came from the rainbow colored candy planet. And Harper said that they could be friends and they all lived happily ever after. The end.