Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a three-year-old girl named Nora. Nora lived in a playhouse in a playground. Most playhouses don't have good roofs, bathrooms, or kitchens, but Nora's playhouse had all of these and lots of toys too! The floor of the house wasn't carpet or wood, but sand. Nora's mom had a rule that other kids could play there as long as they didn't make a mess. So, Nora let other kids bring their dump trucks, buckets, and shovels to make sandcastles on the floor of her house. There was even a slide that went right into the sandbox!

Nora would invite her friends over, and they would play on swings. There was a special swing in Nora's kitchen that could go out the window! It was safe because kids were buckled in, and they could swing in and out of the window, having so much fun.

One day, it got very cold, and it started snowing in the playground. The snow was white and covered everything, even the roof of Nora's playhouse and the sand. Nora's mom told her to put on mittens and snow boots, and they went outside for a snowy adventure. They had lots of fun because Nora's mom had a red sled, and she pulled Nora through the playground and along a trail until they reached a lake.

When they got to the lake, they saw it was frozen, just like in the movie Frozen. There was a man with a crown full of lights and a backpack full of toys. He also had ice skates that were just Nora's size! Nora's mom asked if they could borrow the ice skates, and the man said yes. So, Nora put on the ice skates, and her mom held her hand as they skated on the frozen lake.

As they skated, they saw boats and ducks on the ice. Suddenly, Nora saw an anaconda, the biggest kind of snake in the world, under the ice! It was stuck and trying to get out. Nora told her mom, and they decided to help. Nora's mom cracked the ice, and the anaconda got out. It was so long and big, even taller than a grown-up!

The anaconda, named Annie, was very nice and wore sunglasses, shorts, and a T-shirt. Annie thought it was summertime and didn't realize the lake would freeze. She asked Nora where she could go to stay warm. Nora's mom suggested that Annie could follow them back to their playground house.

So, Annie the anaconda followed Nora and her mom back to the playground. When they got there, one of Nora's friends had started a pretend fire with a purple and blue flame. Annie loved the pretend fire and asked if she could live with Nora. Nora agreed, as long as Annie behaved.

Annie then mentioned her kitty cat friend named Kermit and asked if he could live with them too. Nora said yes, and Annie found Kermit in a tree. From then on, Annie the anaconda and Kermit the kitty cat lived with Nora in the playground house. They all had so much fun and lived happily ever after. The end.