Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a three-year-old girl named Nora. Nora used to live right in a play structure in a playground. A lot of times, play structures and playhouses and playgrounds don't have good roofs and don't have bathrooms in them and don't have kitchens. But Nora's playground house had a bathroom and a kitchen and so many toys. And the floor of the house did not have a carpet, and it did not have wood. Do you know what the floor had? The floor? Yeah, the floor had sand. And Nora's mom had a rule that other kids were allowed to go through as long as they didn't make a mess. And because the floor of Nora's house was made of sand, Nora used to let other kids bring their dump trucks and their buckets and their shovels, and they could make sandcastles on the floor of Nora's house. And there was a slide that used to go right next to the sandbox, and the kid could go wee down the slide all the way into the sandbox. Well, Nora used to tell her friends to come over, and then they would go on swings. And there was a swing that was in Nora's kitchen that could even go out the window. And it was safe because kids were buckled in, and you can swing in the window and go wee out of the window, and you stayed attached to the swing. And it was so much fun. One day it got very cold, and when it got cold, it started snowing in the playground, and the snow was white, and it was falling from the clouds, and everything got so white, and there were so many snowflakes. The snow went on top of the roof of Nora's playhouse, and it got in the chimney and in the bottom of the fireplace in Nora's playground house, there was some snow. So you couldn't make a fire there because fire doesn't go on snow. And the roof was so snowy, and the sand was so snowy, and Nora's mom told her to put on some mittens and snow boots. And so Nora put that on, and they went outside and had a snowy adventure. This snowy adventure was a lot of fun because Nora's mom had a sled and Nora went on the sled. And sleds are things that go in snow, and we also have a purple sled. And Nora's sled was red, and Nora's mom pulled the red sled with Nora in it all the way through the playground, all the way through a trail until they got to a lake. When they got to the lake, do you know what they saw? The lake was frozen, just like in the movie. Frozen. Yep. And so they saw there was a man next to the lake, and the man had a crown on, and the crown had so many lights, and the man also had a lot of toys, and he had a backpack. And the man told Nora's mama that in the backpack he had ice skates. And they were just Nora's eyes. So Nora's mom asked the man who had the silly light up crown if she could rent and borrow the ice skates. And the man said yes. So Nora put on the ice skates, and her mom held Nora's hand, and they started to go on the lake, which was all frozen, and it was like one big ice cube, the whole lake. That was like the biggest ice cube in the whole world. And when they got on the lake, Nora was skating and skating and skating, and all of the boats were frozen on top of the lake because they couldn't go in the water since there was only ice. And there were some duckies that were in the lake, but the duckies weren't in the water. The duckies were on top of the ice. And suddenly, as Nora was ice skating through the lake, she saw no, it didn't start cracking. She saw an anaconda. Anacondas are kind of snakes that are the biggest kinds of snakes in the world. And the anaconda, it looked very nice, and it was under the ice, and it was trying to get out because it was stuck. So Nora told her mom. She said, mom, there's a snake under the ice in the water, and it's trying to get out quick. How can we help? And Nora's mom said she wasn't sure, but Nora had an idea. Nora took off one of her ice skates, and she told her mom to crack it in the ice, to break it a little bit so that the snake could get out. And her mom helped. And then the snake got out. The anaconda was so long, it was even taller than a grown up. And it was so big. It was as big as maybe as long as a whole room. And the anaconda one time your phone then goes as big as a whole entire house. Yeah. Okay, so it's about 16ft long, let's say that's really long. And the anaconda was very nice, and it was so silly because this anaconda wore sunglasses and it also had shorts. It did. It really did. And the anaconda was wearing shorts, and it was wearing slippers. And the anaconda was wearing a T shirt even though it didn't have arms. It put the T shirt over its anaconda head and it didn't have arms, but it still had holes for it. It wiggled in Bud t shirt. It found it under the water. The anaconda was dressed in a short buddy it found underwater. Maybe somebody dropped it from a boat. Yeah, but then how did it really fit on it? It wiggled in. And so the anaconda had all these silly clothes on, and it was able to talk. And the anaconda told Nora that its name was Annie. And Annie the anaconda said she thought that it was summertime and that's why the anaconda was wearing shorts and was wearing slippers and was wearing a T shirt. And the anaconda said, well, my name is Annie, and I thought it was summertime. I didn't realize that the lake was going to freeze, and I got stuck under it. So where can you take me that's warm? And Nora did not know. Well, Nora asked her mom for any ideas, and her mama told her that maybe the snake could follow them all the way back to their playground house. And Nora said, okay. So the snake started slithering next to them and following them as Nora ice skated back to the shore. When Nora ice skated to the end of the lake, she heard some cracking in the lake, but luckily it was safe and none of the ice broke. And the anaconda named Annie, who is wearing the sunglasses, came out of the lake and started following them to their house. There was still so much snow, and so everyone could tell where the anaconda went because it made squiggly wormy kinds of lines through the snow. And when the anaconda named Annie finally got to the playground, guess what? One of Nora's friends started a pretend fire. And the pretend fire used some branches and twigs and little logs and so on, and she used a pretend lighter. And guess what? Even though it's a pretend fire, it still got hot. But the pretend regular fire usually is like orange or red. This pretend fire was purple and blue. And Annie the anaconda said she loved that purple fire and asked if she could live with Nora. And Nora said, okay, if you behave, because usually we're not supposed to have snakes in playgrounds, but since it's our playground and other people can go, we'll let you. And then Annie the anaconda said she had a kitty cat friend named Kermit, and she asked if Kermit the kitty cat could also live with them. And Nora said, okay. And so Annie the anaconda slithered up a tree and found a kitty cat named Kermit. And Kermit the kitty cat, and Annie the anaconda started to live with Nora in the playground house, and they all started to have so much fun, and they lived happily ever after. The end.