Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Gia. Gia was very lucky because she lived in the North Pole, where it's so snowy and where Gia had a big igloo. Castle igloos are made out of snow, and usually they're round on top. But Gia's igloo was very special because it had a flag all the way on the top, and the flag showed a picture of a polar bear. And Gia's igloo was a place that a lot of polar bears used to come to visit if they ever wanted to go out of the South Pole and take a trip to a zoo. Because Gia's mom had a big boat, and it was an ice boat. The whole boat was made of a big piece of ice, except for the sail. The sail on the boat was regular.

So Gia lived in an igloo, and the igloo had a flag on top of it. But Gia's mom was also the captain of a big boat that was made. It was made out of an iceberg, and they just carved it in the shape of a boat, and ice floats in the water, so the whole iceboat floated, and it didn't have ice as the sail part. The sail part was a regular sail, so the wind blew the iceboat, and that was the boat that the polar bears in the North Pole liked to go on. If they needed to go on a trip to go to a zoo so that they could see people, because there aren't so many people in the North Pole.

So Gia used to wake up in the morning, and her mom would cook her some eggs, and then after eggs, she would look outside, and she would see a lot of polar bears that would put on collars. The polar bears would put collars on themselves because they wanted to be pets for a little bit when they would go to zoos, and then they would come back.

One day, there were always a bunch of polar bears there, and they all wanted to go to the zoo to see what people looked like. The polar bears in the North Pole, a lot of them had never seen people, so they wanted to go to the zoo to see. And so Gia's mom got the ice ship ready. And there were four different polar bears that were wearing collars that wanted to go on the ice ship. And polar bears love ice ships. And Gia said, "Mom, I want to go visit these places also on the ice ship." And Gia's mom said, "Okay."

So Gia and her mom and also Gia's dad decided to go on the ice ship and three polar bears came with them. The iceboat was a very special kind of iceboat because it had to worry about if it would get too hot, then the sun might melt it or if there was a heat wave. And that's why the iceboat in the engine room, they had the biggest freezer. And the freezer would keep the ice boat crispy, cool, just so that it wouldn't melt if it was a hot day or something.

The polar bears loved the iceboat, and Gia did too, because you could go slip and sliding on the iceboat and you could go down on your belly and if there were big waves in the ocean and the iceboat would go up a little bit, then you'd slide right down the deck of ice. And it was so much fun. And there was also a trampoline on the iceboat. It was a big purple trampoline. Really, it was a big purple trampoline. And do you know who loved to go on the trampoline the most? The polar bears. And polar bears, they could jump higher than people on trampolines. People could jump on a trampoline, like maybe as high as a bush or something like that. But a polar bear on a trampoline, especially a trampoline that's attached to an ice ship, a polar bear could jump almost as high as a house. And the waves even made them jump higher.

Well, it was such a fun trip when Gia was going down on the ice ship from the North Pole with the three polar bears and her dad and her mom. And as they were getting closer to Canada, they saw that there was a big city right next to Mississauga. And the big city had a special zoo in it. And Gia told her parents that she wanted the iceboat to go on the coast of Canada. And then they would just take like a little trip to get to a zoo where the polar bears could go.

And there was a special zoo that Gia went to a long time ago that she remembered that also had a polar bear. And she said that's the zoo that these polar bears would like to visit the most, because there's not so many people that the polar bears have to say hi to everyone, but there's enough people. And they also let the polar bears in this zoo in Canada blow bubbles, which is fun for polar bears.

No way. How do they blow bubbles? Well, so regular bubbles that kids use, those are too small for polar bears. And also, polar bears don't have hands. They have paws. And so the way that a polar bear has to blow a bubble is it gets like a big hula hoop and it holds the hula hoop with its hand and then it puts some soapy water on the hula hoop and then it blows. And when a polar bear blows, it goes and it sounds a little bit like a roar. So it's kind of fun.

And Gia told her parents that they were ready to park the ice boat and go to the zoo. And Gia's parents said, "Okay." So they parked the ice boat right on a dock, right by the ocean, and they turned the freezer on so that it wouldn't melt. And then they put the polar bears on long, special, colorful leashes. And Gia and her parents led the polar bears off the boat.

As they got off the boat, they saw that there were so many little ladybugs all over the bushes. And do you know what kind of bugs are not in the North Pole? There's no ladybugs in the North Pole. And so it was the polar bears' first time seeing ladybugs. And all of the polar bears thought they were so cute and so little because ladybugs aren't so big. And all the bears wanted to do was catch ladybugs. And Gia was like, "Why?" Because they wanted to be friends with them and take them to the zoo.

And Gia said, "Polar bears, you guys can't take so many ladybugs to the zoo with you because they're having fun here." And one of the polar bears, he couldn't really speak English because he was just a polar bear, but it seemed like he was saying, "RA, please, please." And Gia said, "Okay." And then she let the polar bears hold a lot of ladybugs. And all of the ladybugs were so happy. And they started to crawl all over the white polar bears. And some of the polar bears had so many ladybugs on them, they looked red with black dots. The polar bears began to look like ladybugs because they were covered with so many ladybugs, they didn't look white anymore.

Well, Gia was having a fun adventure bringing the polar bears to the zoo. But they were getting very close to the zoo. And when they got to the gates of the zoo, the zookeeper said, "Wow, I'm so happy that there's new polar bears because I bet they want to visit to see some people here. Are these polar bears from the North Pole?" And Gia said yes, they are. They're from next to our igloo there. And then the zookeeper said, "Welcome, welcome." And the zookeeper showed Gia and Gia's parents and the polar bears where the polar bear cage was.

The polar bear cage had so many fun toys, including a little rocket. Now, the rocket in the polar bear cave in the polar bear cage didn't really work so well. But when the polar bears went on the rocket, it started to sing. The wheels on the rocket go round and round. And it was so silly because it didn't say wheels on the bus. And whenever the polar bears thought it was such a fun game. And the polar bears would hold hands and they would dance around the rocket and say, "Ring around a rosy pocket full of posy. Ashes, ashes, we all fall down." And then the polar bears would fall down, and the ladybugs wouldn't want to get smooshed, so they would fly off of the polar bears and fly all over the cage. And there were also so many butterflies that came by. And the polar bears loved butterflies also.

Soon, some people came to visit, and the polar bears were so happy to see them. Gia told her parents that she was going to sleep in the zoo with them that night. And Gia and her parents and the polar bears lived happily ever after. The end.