Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Mark. Mark lived on a houseboat. The houseboat looked like a regular house, but it floated in the ocean. It had regular house walls, windows, a roof, and everything else. Inside the houseboat, you could find a kitchen, a dining room, and a really big lake in the living room. Little fish would swim around the houseboat on the houseboat lake, which floated on top of the ocean. There were also fish that swam under the houseboat. These fish would look at the fish in the houseboat and say, "Let me in, let me in."

But there was an octopus who lived in the houseboat with Mark. The octopus wouldn't let any of the fish from the ocean go into Mark's houseboat. Why? Because the octopus said if more fish went into the houseboat, they would have to build on top of it and make it a building boat, the tallest boat in the world with a skyscraper on top. So the octopus tried his best not to let any of the fish go onto the houseboat, except for the fish that were in the lake in the living room.

One day, Mark and his mom saw some fish come out of the houseboat. The fish could go out if they wanted, but to come back in, they had to ask the octopus for permission. The octopus would say yes because he recognized the fish that already lived in the houseboat. That day, Mark woke up and saw the octopus making scrambled eggs for breakfast. While the octopus was busy eating the eggs with eight forks, one for each tentacle, three fish snuck into the houseboat and started jumping around the pond.

Mark told the octopus about the fish, and the octopus said that since the fish were already there, it wasn't nice to tell them to go away. Instead, they needed to build the houseboat bigger. Mark's mom called two construction workers named Yip and Yonika to help build the houseboat into a skyscraper. They built and built until it became the biggest house building in the world, with room for more fish.

Mark had an idea to shape the top of the building like a spaceship. He thought that if they ever found dinosaurs, they could help push the spaceship up from the ocean. But since Mark couldn't find any dinosaurs, he had to come up with a different idea.

Yip and Yonika, the construction workers, built the houseboat so big that there was room for lots of sharks. They told the sharks they could swim around the different floors of the building boat, which was like a big lake inside. When the rocket needed to blast off, all the sharks had to swim down at the same time, making the rocket ship go up. Yip and Yonika told Mark he was ready to go on his building boat rocket ship.

Mark counted down, "Three, two, one, blast off!" All the sharks jumped into the ocean, and the force of them jumping pushed the rocket boat into the air. It became the first spaceship that used to be a houseboat. Mark was so happy because he always wanted to see if he could find dinosaur bones in space. When the house rocket boat went into outer space, he saw dinosaur bones floating around like planets.

When Mark came back to Earth, he told his mom to tell all the astronauts about the dinosaur bones. The astronauts said they already knew but were keeping it a secret. Mark said, "Well, I figured out the secret." All the grownups were proud of Mark, and he got many special awards. His mom said he did a really good job, and Mark and his family lived happily ever after. The end.