My name is Shelby. Welcome to makeup to hi, my name is Mark and I live in Swansea. Well, and my birthday is in the 6 January and I'm going to be four and I like a story about it. Evil dancer and a funny octopus and a spaceship. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a three year old boy whose name is Mark and who lives in Swansea, Wales, and who has a birthday on January 6, which is in just over a week. And Mark is going to turn four years old. Happy birthday, Mark. Happy birthday, Mark. And Mark asked for us to make up a story about an evil dinosaur, a funny octopus and a spaceship. We try to do stories about things that are nice in our makeups and so we might make the dinosaur kind of nice. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Mark. And Mark lived on a houseboat. The houseboat looked like a regular house, but it floated in the ocean and it had regular house walls and regular house windows and it had a regular house roof and regular house everything. And if you opened up the door to the houseboat house, then you could find a kitchen inside and a dining room and a really big lake, because inside of the houseboat there was a big lake that was in bottom of the whole living room. And little fish would swim around that houseboat on the houseboat lake, which was floating on top of the ocean. And there would be fish that would swim under the houseboat house. And they would look at the fish in the houseboat house. And the fish in the ocean that looked at the fish in the houseboat house used to say, Let me in, let me in. But there was an octopus who also lived in the houseboat house with Mark. And the octopus would never let any of the fish from the ocean go in to Mark's houseboat house. Why? Because the octopus said if any more fish went in to the octopus house, then they were going to have to build on top of it and make it, instead of a houseboat, a building boat, and it would be the tallest boat in the world and they would make a skyscraper on top of the boat. So the octopus tried his best not to let any of the fish go onto the houseboat, except for the fish that were in the lake on the living room in the houseboat. One day, as Mark and his mom were, fish come out. Yeah, the fish could go out if they wanted. One day, once they went out to come back in, they would have to ask the octopus for permission and the octopus would say yes, because he recognized the fish that already lived in the houseboat. And so one day, Mark woke up from bed. He was on the houseboat and the octopus was in middle of making some scrambled eggs for breakfast. And as the octopus was making scrambled eggs for breakfast, mark saw that three fish snuck into the houseboat and the three fish were jumping around the pond. And the octopus didn't see because the octopus was in the middle of going numb, numb, NUM numb with the scrambled eggs and eating it so fast. And do you know how many forks the octopus was holding? Eight or nine? Yeah, eight forks, because the octopus was using each of its tentacles to hold a different fork, and it was saying, I want more scrambled eggs, more scrambled eggs. And it was numb, numbing it with eight forks so quickly. Well, this was a big problem, because mark told the octopus that the fish were already on the houseboat, and the octopus said that because the fish were already here, it wasn't nice to tell them they had to go away, so instead, they needed to build the houseboat bigger and bigger. Mark told his mom that they had to get to work, and mark's mom told mark that she needed to call some construction workers, and she called one construction worker, whose name was yip, and she called another construction worker, whose name was Yonika. And yip and Yonika construction workers came to Mark's Houseboat to build it up into a skyscraper. And they started building and building and building until they put so much wood on it and so many bricks and so much concrete that it got to be the biggest house building in the world. And there was room for more fish. Well, the houseboat was getting so big that mark had an idea. Instead of shaping it like a regular building, mark told the construction workers, yip and Yonika, that he should make it a spaceship shape on top. And the way that he should make the spaceship go is he should tell all the dinosaurs that he would ever find if a dinosaur ever came there, that they could help push the spaceship up from the ocean. No, I didn't know dinosaurs exist. Yes. And so mark looked all around, and he couldn't find any dinosaurs, so he had to come up with a different idea. Well, mark had a good idea because yip and Yonika, the construction workers that his mom had called, were able to build what I think they made a dinosaur. Well, because they were able to build such a big house building, there was room for a lot of sharks. And so they told all the sharks in the ocean that they could go in the building boat, and they could swim around the different floors of the building boat because it was like a big lake inside. And the sharks, when the rocket needed to blast off, all the sharks had to swim down at the same time, and then that would make the rocket ship go up. And so yip and Yonika told mark that he was ready to go on his building boat rocket ship boat. And Mark said, time for the countdown. And he said, Three, two, one, blast off. And all of the sharks that were in, lift off. And all of the sharks that were in the building boat pushed down as hard as they can and jumped into the ocean. And the force of them jumping pushed back halfway, causing the rocket boat to lift into the air and become the first spaceship that used to be a houseboat. And Mark was so happy because he always wanted to see if he could find dinosaur bones in space. And when the house rocket boat lifted up from the ground and went firing on top of the clouds and went all the way into outer space, do you know what he saw? What? Dinosaur bones floating around all over outer space. There were like you know how planets float in outer space, Bud? Dinosaur bones. Also, it's hard to see with a telescope because they're so little. Planets are really big. And even planets are not so easy to see with the telescope because they look little in the telescope unless the telescope is very big. But dinosaur bones are even harder to find. But there's dinosaur bones floating all over space. That's what Mark saw in his houseboat that turned into a building boat and rocket ship. Why wouldn't astronauts see them? And when Mark came back down to Earth and landed his rocket boat, he told his mom to tell all of the astronauts in the world. And his mom called up the astronauts. And the astronauts said, we already knew that, but we were keeping it a secret. And Mark said, well, I figured out the secret. And then all of the grownups were so proud of Mark and he got so many special awards. And his mom said, Chutkadan YoungA, and he did a really good job. What does that mean? It means he did a good job in a different way. Yeah. And Mark and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Hi, thank you for listening to Makeup Story. Tell all your friends to listen to Makeup Stories. Thank you.