Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. It was dinner time, and Jesse was drawing on a piece of paper using some crayons. There were some things that Jesse didn't really know how to draw, but one thing he did know how to draw was grass and a sun in the sky. So, Jesse drew some grass on the ground, and he drew a little house with a square, a roof, and a door. Then he started to draw the sun at the top of the piece of paper using his orange crayon. However, after drawing the sun, he realized that he made a mistake in the drawing, and the sun wasn't the right shape because he made the sun a bit too square. The sun is supposed to be round.

Before getting a different piece of paper, Jesse used some black crayon to cross out the sun. When Jesse started putting the black crayon color on top of the sun he drew, the sun, which was setting, suddenly turned off. It was still light inside Jesse's house because the lights were on, but outside, you could see the stars, and the sun had disappeared. Jesse told his dad that it was because of his drawing. It was because he drew that black crayon on top of the sun that the sun went away.

Jesse decided to try drawing with another piece of paper, and he drew the sun better this time. When he drew the sun better, the sun reappeared in the sky, and it was sunset again. That's when Jesse realized that he could put two suns in the same drawing. So, he put another sun on the other top corner of the paper. Then he looked outside, and there was another sun that appeared outside. It got too bright, and it was like it was dinner time, and the sun was supposed to be setting, but it was too light outside. So, Jesse decided to cross out one of the suns. Suddenly, that second sun turned off in the sky.

Jesse then decided to draw a rocket ship on his paper. He was pretty good at drawing rocket ships because they're not so hard to draw. So, he drew a rocket ship and then looked outside his window, and suddenly there was a rocket ship outside. He told his brother Jonah that they should go in the rocket ship, but they would need to bring the paper with them and also the crayons so that they could control what happened.

Jesse and Jonah went outside and opened up the door to the rocket ship. Jesse brought the crayons and the piece of paper with him inside the rocket ship. When he got in the rocket ship, he accidentally scribbled a little bit on the piece of paper and closed the door to the rocket ship. Jesse and Jonah buckled up in the seats in the rocket ship and were getting ready for takeoff when suddenly they heard a noise. Jonah asked Jesse if he heard that, and Jesse said he did, but he didn't know what it was. Jonah said he didn't think it was the rocket engines, and Jesse said he thought there was a monster in the rocket ship.

Jonah and Jesse looked around, but it was too dark to see in the rocket ship. So, Jesse had an idea. He drew a light bulb on his paper because he was still holding the paper and had the crayons. Suddenly, a light bulb appeared in the rocket ship, and they could see everywhere. That's when things got a little bit scary because when Jesse turned around, he saw that there was a monster. The monster looked a bit like a trophy, but a trophy that you could put your hand through, and it was a little bit crooked. The monster had a mouth and could talk. It was also holding candles in each of its hands, and it was a nice monster.

Jesse told Jonah not to worry because if the monster was holding candles, it was probably a nice monster from a different planet. That's why it was in the rocket ship, because it was its birthday, and it needed to go back to that planet to celebrate its birthday. But Jonah asked Jesse how the monster even appeared. That's when Jesse looked at his piece of paper and saw that it was because he scribbled by accident when he was walking into the rocket ship. The scribble was the shape of the monster. So, Jesse realized that it was his fault he created the monster.

Jonah decided that the best thing for him to do was to cross out the scribbles. However, Jonah actually told Jesse that he should draw a circle around it. So, they drew a circle around the monster, and then there was a big, clear soccer ball that you could see through that went right around the monster, and the monster was stuck inside of it. But then Jesse and Jonah felt bad because the monster wasn't trying to be mean. The reason the monster was saying "shh" is because the monster wanted everyone to sing "Happy Birthday" to it. The monster thought that the rocket engines were way too loud to sing "Happy Birthday." So, Jesse decided to cross out the circle that he drew around the monster, and he let the monster go from that clear soccer ball that was holding the monster trapped.

When the monster got out, they decided they would have a little birthday party in the rocket ship for the monster. The monster was really happy that they decided to do it. The monster even made a birthday cake appear out of thin air. The birthday cake was so special since it came from a different planet that part of it tasted like a lollipop, part of it tasted like a donut, part of it tasted like ice cream, part of it tasted like chocolate, part of it tasted like a cupcake, and part of it tasted like caramel. It was such a yummy birthday cake. What was even better is that when you took one bite of the birthday cake, there were two extra pieces that went on the birthday cake. So, it just got bigger and bigger.

They ended up having a really fun party. The monster that said "shh" made whistles, and they all blew the whistles in the party until Jesse and Jonah realized that they should probably go back inside because it was bedtime. That's when Jesse gave the monster the piece of paper that he drew on. Then they went outside back to Jonah and Jesse's house. When they got inside the house, Jesse drew a blastoff picture for the rocket ship, and the rocket ship blasted off to outer space, and they never saw the friendly monster again. Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end.