Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They were gardening one day, and they had a little shovel that they were using to dig around some grass. As they dug in the ground, they saw a bunch of little seeds that were, like, see-through. They were kind of clear, like plastic, and you could see that inside the seeds were people. They had found a bunch of people seeds. Jesse showed it to Jonah, and they looked at it under their microscope, and they saw that they really did look like little teensy, tiny babies that were stuck in the seeds. 

So Jonah told Jesse that they should plant the people seeds in a hole and put some dirt on it, and they should pour some water on it. That's what Jonah and Jesse decided to do. They found a nice little hole in the corner of their garden, and they planted three of the different people seeds there, and they put some dirt on it. They also got some gummy vitamins, and they buried the gummy vitamins right by the seeds. They also put some carrots and cucumbers next to the seeds. Then they poured some water on the seeds and went to sleep.

The next day, when Jonah and Jesse woke up, they saw that a little bush was starting to grow right where they planted the people seeds. They went to school and told their teachers that there was this little bush growing in their house and that they planted people seeds. Their teachers said there was no such thing as people seeds, so they were probably just pretending. Well, when Jonah and Jesse got home from school, they saw that the people tree grew really big. It was even bigger than their house, even bigger than the sky, and it was up to space. In fact, the people tree was so big that it went higher than some of the clouds and some of the mountains around their house.

Jesse and Jonah decided that because they didn't see any actual people growing from the people tree, they would climb the tree. Their dad was an expert tree climber. So Jonah and Jesse asked their dad if they could climb from branch to branch to go all the way to the top of the tree, past the clouds in the sky, higher than mountains, all the way to outer space. Their dad said that they should probably do it when it was nighttime because when it's nighttime on Earth, it's daytime in space. And when it's daytime in space, for pretend, at least it's nighttime on Earth.

That night, Jesse and Jonah put on pajamas and started climbing up the people tree. The higher they got, they saw that the colors of the branches started to change. Lower down, the branches were all made of wood. But when you got a little bit higher up, some of the branches were made of rubber. Some of the branches had pencils growing out of them. And some of the branches, at the very end of the branch, would turn into the end of a marker, and it would spill out into the wind, the marker colors. But Jesse and Jonah didn't want to get stuck on the bottom, so they kept climbing up with their dad until they got on top of the clouds.

When they got on top of the clouds, they saw finally that there were some little babies that were growing at the end of the people tree, where there would be leaves on a normal tree. Jesse asked if this is how the first person got to Earth because there wasn't a mom that this person was born from. This person was just growing from a tree. Jonah said he didn't know, but he thought that maybe people came from different animals that were like apes or monkeys. Jesse said that they should climb even higher on the tree.

When they started getting higher on the tree, they saw that there was a squirrel that had a pink, fluffy tail. The squirrel had the nose of a clown. You know how sometimes clowns have those red balls they put on their noses? The clowns are actually just men dressed as clowns who are really good at juggling. They put a pretend, like, squeaky thing on the nose to make it look like they have a red nose. Clowns wear the red nose because they go, yeah. So clowns are just people who dress up in clown costumes, and they can juggle, and they put red squeaky noses on that are really silly. But this time, there was a squirrel that had one of those red squeaky noses on, and Jesse and Jonah decided to go higher up the tree to chase the squirrel.

Well, soon, they got so high up the tree that they saw that they were finally in outer space. And when they were in outer space, that's when they saw that all of the things that looked like babies were actually aliens. The seed that they planted was a seed from an alien that came from a different planet that looked a little bit like a person. But the aliens were really small, and they looked a little bit like babies. These aliens weren't born. Aliens are actually just tiny bugs that are green, as small as my finger being squished. Yeah. So aliens, they could be various shapes and sizes. We don't really know. They could be so teensy tiny that they're as small as, like, if you put a little pinch of salt between your finger or even smaller than that.

This tree was different. People are born from other people, like a mom gives birth to a kid. But these kinds of aliens, they grew on trees. The seed that was planted in the ground was actually an alien tree, which is why it went all the way to outer space. Jesse and Jonah thought it was a people tree, but really, that was the aliens tricking them. The season was changing in outer space, and it started to be fall, and in fall, all of the leaves start to fall. So all of the aliens started to fall off of the tree that was in outer space, and they fell all the way down to Earth.

When they fell down to Earth, all of the aliens started to go around the town where Jonah and Jesse lived. Jonah told Jesse that they needed to hurry down the tree to save the town from all of the aliens. Jesse and Jonah were trying to go down the tree, but it took so long because the tree was so big. That's when the squirrel with the red clown nose came up to them and said that he could help give them a ride. It was a really big squirrel. Jesse and Jonah went on the squirrel's back, and there's a special kind of squirrel called a flying squirrel that doesn't really have wings, but its skin goes from its hands to its feet, and it can glide. That's the kind of squirrel that this was. Jesse and Jonah went on the squirrel, and it gave them a really fast ride all the way down to the bottom of the alien tree, which was growing.

All of those little aliens, when they got to the bottom, the mayor of the town was waiting for them. The mayor said, "What's going on? We see so many green aliens." Jesse and Jonah told the mayor about the tree. The mayor said, "What should we do?" Jesse said he had an idea about putting a little bit of poison on the tree, so it would stop growing. Jesse and Jonah found some bug spray, and they put it all over the tree. When they put the bug spray on the tree, it made the tree shrink so fast until the tree went back into the ground and turned back into a seed. All of the aliens that had fallen off the tree, because they already fell off the tree, and they couldn't get any of their special nutrients, like their food came from the tree. All of those aliens, unfortunately, they died also.

When these kinds of aliens die, it's not like when people die and they have bodies. These aliens, when they die, they turn back into the seed. The aliens turned back into the seed. The mayor of the town had a big party for Jesse and Jonah for saving the day. Jesse and Jonah decided they would take that alien seed out of the ground, and they would hide it somewhere where nobody could find it because they didn't want anybody else to plant it again. Jesse and Jonah found a really good hiding spot in a corner of a playground somewhere else. They'll never say where it is. Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end.