Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Hazel. Hazel was really good at playing, and she loved to share with all her friends when it was their turn. But one day, when Hazel was at the playground, there was a girl named Annie. Hazel and Annie were playing together and going down the slide. After they got down the slide, Annie found a shovel and a bucket. Annie told Hazel, "Hazel, I'm not going to share these with you." Hazel was sad because she wanted to dig in the sandbox and use the shovel and the bucket too. Hazel told her friend Annie that she would have to share another time, or else Hazel would tell her mom. Annie said, "Too bad." Hazel said, "That's not so nice."

Well, Hazel went home with her mom, and when they got to their house, she saw a green treasure map next to her front door on the ground, with a shiny rock on top of it. The rock was to help it not blow away and to help people see it so they could find the map. Hazel looked down at the green map under the shiny rock and told her mom that it was a good idea that the rock was on top of it so that it didn't blow away. She picked up the rock, and just as the green map was about to blow away, she picked it up and saw a picture of the mailbox in it. Hazel told her mom that she thought there was something secret in the mailbox.

So Hazel and her mom went to the mailbox, opened it up, and saw a green bracelet inside. The green bracelet had some shiny stones in it that looked like the stone that was holding down the map. Hazel told her mom that she thinks the map was for this green bracelet. Hazel's mom said, "Hazel, why don't you try it on?" Hazel put the bracelet over her hand and onto her wrist. And guess what happened? Hazel turned into a grown-up! It was a magic green bracelet that could turn any kid who wore it into a grown-up. If you take it off, you turn back into a kid. Hazel told her mom that if a grown-up wears it, they turn into a giant. So Hazel told her mom not to put on the bracelet because she didn't want to have a giant mom. But Hazel was the same size as her mom now because she was wearing the bracelet, so she was a grown-up Hazel. Hazel's mom said, "Hazel, how about we take off the bracelet for a little bit and then go to the playground and see if your friend Annie is still there?" Hazel agreed.

So Hazel took off the magic bracelet and went to the playground. She saw that her friend Annie, who didn't share the shovel and bucket, was still there. Hazel asked, "Annie, can you share with me?" Annie said no. Then Hazel put on the magic green bracelet and turned into a grownup. She told Annie, "Annie, I'm a grown-up, so you have to listen to me. If you see a little girl named Hazel or a big girl named Hazel, you have to share with her if that's what she says." Annie agreed. Then Hazel, the grown-up, told Annie to turn around so she wouldn't see. Annie turned around and looked the other way. Hazel took off the magic green bracelet and turned back into a kid. She called, "Annie." Annie turned around and saw that Hazel was back. Hazel asked, "Annie, can I borrow the shovel and the bucket?" Annie said, "Okay," and shared.

Hazel started to use the shovel and the bucket to dig in the sandbox. But she realized that she wanted to share with Annie to teach her that sharing was good. So she told Annie that she could use the shovel and that Hazel would use the bucket to carry more sand. They started to play together. As they were playing, a kitty cat named Squeakers came by. The kitty cat was so silly because when he saw the sandcastle they were building, he kept trying to go inside it. He thought it was like a real kitty cat house because there was a door in the sandcastle. That's what they used the shovel for, to make a door. The kitty cat thought it was like a cat castle, so it was looking inside to see if there were kitty treats.

Hazel had an idea. She put the magic bracelet on the kitty, and the kitty turned into a lion. But it was a really nice lion because it was still like it used to be, a kitty. The lion wanted everyone in the playground to pet it. Instead of saying roar, the lion that used to be a kitty, which was wearing the magic green bracelet, said meow really loudly. It was such a fun, friendly kitty cat lion.

Hazel realized that you're not really supposed to have a lion pet in the city in Charlotte, North Carolina. So she took the green bracelet off her kitty cat named Squeaker. She asked her mom to hold the green bracelet for a little bit, and her mom agreed. They looked up and saw a bird flying upside down in the air, which was unusual. Hazel saw that the reason the bird was flying upside down was that one of its wings was all tied up.

Hazel suggested that her mom put on the green bracelet, become a giant mom, and reach up into the sky to fix the bird's wing so it could fly normally. Hazel's mom put on the green bracelet and grew and grew until she was a big mom giant who could reach all the way up into the sky. She saw the green bird flying upside down and noticed a shoelace tied around one of its wings with a little tiny shoe on it. Hazel's mom, the giant, untied the shoelace from the bird and took the little shoe off. The bird's wing was free, and it was so happy because it could fly normally, not upside down. Hazel's mom took off the green bracelet and became regular size again.

Hazel was so proud of her mom for saving the bird, and everyone in the playground clapped and cheered because Hazel was able to do such amazing things. But Hazel could hear their baby sister, Paige, wanting them to come back. Not many people knew about Paige because she was a secret baby. So Hazel and her mom went all the way back home with the kitty cat named Squeakers to visit baby Paige. And they all lived happily ever after. The end.