Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Hazel. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi, my name is Hazel, and I'm from Charlotte, North Carolina. I'm five years old, and can you please give me a makeup story that has a cat named Squeakers, a baby named Paige, and bracelets that have magical powers? Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Hazel, who lives in Charlotte, North Carolina, and who turns six years old today on March 25. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Hazel. Happy birthday, Hazel. And Hazel asked for us to make up a story that includes a cat named Squeakers, a baby named Paige, and a bracelet with magical powers. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Hazel. Hazel was really good at playing, and she loved to share with all of her friends when it was their turn. But one day, when Hazel was at the playground, there was a girl whose name was Annie. And Hazel and Annie were playing together and going down the slide. After they got down the slide, annie found a shovel and a bucket. And Annie told Hazel, hazel, I'm not going to share these with you. And Hazel was sad because Hazel wanted to dig in the sandbox and to use the shovel and the bucket as well. Hazel told the friend Annie that she would have to share a different time or else Hazel would tell her mom. And Annie said, too bad. Hazel said, that's not so nice. Well, Hazel went home with her mom, and when she got to her house, she saw that there was a treasure map that was in green. It was a green treasure map, and it was right next to her front door on the ground, and it had a rock on top of it that was a little bit shiny. Walk was to help it not blow away. And it was also because it was shiny, it was to help people see it so they can find the map. Yup. And Hazel looked down at the green map under the shiny rock, and she told her mom that it was a good idea that the rock was on top of it so that it didn't blow away. And she picked up the rock, and just as the green map was about to blow away, she picked it up, and she saw that there was a picture of the mailbox in it. And Hazel told her mom that she thought there was something secret in the mailbox. So Hazel and her mom went all the way to the mailbox, and they opened it up, and they saw that inside the mailbox, there was a green bracelet. And the green bracelet had some shiny stones in it that looked like the stone that was holding down the map. And Hazel told her mom that she thinks the map was to this green bracelet. And Hazel's mom said, Hazel, why don't you try it on? And Hazel put the bracelet over her hand and onto her wrist. And do you know what happened? What? Hazel turned into a grown up. It was a magic green bracelet that any kid who was wearing it could turn into a grown up. So, Hazel, if you take it off, do you turn back into a kid? Yes. And if you take it off, you turn back into a kid. And so Hazel told her mom that now that they grown up wears it, do they turn into a kid? Again, if a grown up wears it, they turn into a giant. So Hazel told her mom, don't put on the bracelet because I don't want to have a giant mom. But Hazel was the same as her mom now because she was wearing the bracelet. So she was a grown up. Hazel. And Hazel's mom said, hazel, how about we take off the bracelet for a little bit and then go to the playground and see if the friend Annie is still there? And Hazel said okay. So Hazel took off the magic bracelet, and she went to the playground. She saw that her friend Annie, who didn't share the shovel and bucket, was still there. And Hazel said, Annie, can you share with me? And Annie said no. And then Hazel put on the magic green bracelet, and she turned into a grownup. And she told the friend Annie, she said, Annie, I'm a grown up, so you have to listen to me. If you see a little girl whose name is Hazel or a big girl named Hazel, then you have to share it with her if that's what she says. And Annie said okay. And then Hazel, the grown up, told Annie to turn around so she wouldn't see. And Annie turned around and looked in the other direction. And then Hazel took off the magic green bracelet, and she turned back into a kid. And then she said, Annie. And Annie turned around, and she saw that Hazel was back. And Hazel said, annie, can I borrow the shovel and the bucket? And then Annie said, okay. And Annie shared it. And Hazel started to use the shovel and the bucket to dig in the sandbox. But she realized that she wanted to share with Annie to teach Annie that sharing was good. So she told Annie that she could use the shovel and that Hazel would use the bucket to carry more sand. And then they started to play together. As they were playing, there was a kitty cat whose name was Squeakers. And the kitty cat was so silly because when he saw the sand castle they were building, he kept trying to go inside it. He thought it was like a real kitty cat thing because there was a door in the sandcastle. That's what they used the shovel for, to make a door. And the kitty cat thought it was like a cat castle. So it was looking inside to see if there were kitty treats. How about this? Did he try to go on a second floor? Did he fall? Well, he didn't get in because Hazel had an idea. Hazel decided to put the magic bracelet on the kitty, and the kitty turned into a lion. But it was a really nice lion because it was still like it used to be, a kitty. And so the lion wanted everyone in the playground to pet it. And it was saying, instead of saying raw, the lion that used to be a kitty, which was wearing the magic green bracelet. Yeah, it said meow really loudly, and it was such a fun, friendly kitty cat lion. Well, Hazel realized that you're not really supposed to have a lion pet in the city in Charlotte, North Carolina. And so she took the green bracelet off of her kitty cat named Squeaker. Yeah. And then she said, mom, can you hold the green bracelet for a little bit? And Hazel's mom said, okay. And Hazel's mom was holding the green bracelet when they looked up. And when they looked up, they saw that there was a bird, and the bird was flying upside down in the air. And birds don't usually fly upside down. And then Hazel saw that the reason that the bird was flying upside down is because one of its wings was all tied up. And so Hazel said, mom, how about you put on the green bracelet, and then you'll be a giant mom, and you could reach up into the sky, and you can fix the bird's wing so it could fly regular. So Hazel's mom put on the green bracelet and she started growing and growing until she was a big mom giant and she could reach all the way up into the sky. And she saw the green bird which was flying upside down. And she saw that there was a shoelace which was tied around one of its wings, was a shoe on it, and there was a little tiny shoe on it. And Hazel's mom, the giant, untied the shoelace from the bird and took the little shoe off. And then the bird's wing the mom. It was because she was big. Yeah. And then the bird was so happy because it could fly regular, not upside down. And then Hazel's mom took off the green bracelet, and she became regular size again. Well, Hazel was so proud of her mom for saving the bird, and everyone in the playground was, like, clapping and cheering because Hazel was able to do such amazing things. But Hazel could start to hear that their baby, Paige, wanted them to come back because there was a baby named Paige at home that not a lot of people know about because it was a secret baby. So Hazel and her mom went all the way back home with the kitty cat name Squeakers, all the way back to their house to visit the baby name Paige. And they all lived happily ever after. The end. Hello. This is Steve, host of Makeup Stories. If your kid's birthday is in April, then please go to Facebook.com slash Makeup Stories for instructions on how to request a free story. Thanks for listening.