Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were some kids named Sienna, Leona, Willa, Vincent, and Auggie. They decided to dress up as ninjas one day because somebody left some ninja costumes in front of their doors the night before. The next day, Sienna, Leona, Willa, Vincent, and Auggie went to their learning pod, dressed up as ninjas, and it was time to go to the playground. So they walked in a straight line, marching up two, three, four in their ninja costumes all the way to the playground in Santa Rosa. When they got to the playground, there was a big problem. Guess what happened. All of the play equipment was gone. It was missing. There was no slide. The swings in the playground were gone. There was no seesaw. There was no sandbox. Did Jesse get to play in it? Nobody got to play in it. And it wasn't even destroyed. It was just missing. And there was no sandbox, no climbing structure, just an empty space.

Well, that's a good question, buddy. Instead of all that play equipment, it was full of lots of mirrors. There were mirrors everywhere. Where the playground was, like, where the slides used to be, there were mirrors, and where the sandbox was, there were mirrors. It was like a maze full of mirrors. Sienna, Leona, Willa, Vincent, and Auggie marched through the mirror maze in their ninja costumes. As they were marching through the mirror tunnels in their ninja outfits, they saw that when they looked in the mirror, there was a mirror in front of them and a mirror behind them. It made shadows of different ninjas in the mirrors. If you turned around a little bit, you could see so many more ninjas in the mirror. There were copies of Sienna ninja, of Leona ninja, of Willa ninja, Vincent ninja, and Auggie ninja. All of those ninjas became real. Not just reflections in a mirror, not just shadows that you could kind of see, but they became real ninjas. There were copies of Sienna, Leona, Willa, Vincent, and Auggie, all with ninja copies of themselves. Everyone was asking, what happened? What happened before? We were just five kids before, and now we're 3000 ninjas.

Suddenly, as they were wondering what happened, a Phoenix Girl appeared overhead in the sky. The Phoenix Girl had wings and she was made of fire. The Phoenix Girl said, "Kids, I have an important message. There's a forest fire far away, and I'm coming to tell you kids that we need to put it out." The kids said okay. They said we should call a fire truck. They tried to call a fire truck, but guess what? The fire was too big. The fire trucks did come, but the fire was too big. They decided to get helicopters. The helicopters were dumping water on the fire. The helicopters helped put out a lot of the fire, but it still wasn't enough. The Phoenix Girl told them, "Auggie, do you have any magic crystals? Because if you use magic crystals on forest fires, it could put them out. But only special magical creatures like unicorns, alicorns, and pegasi know how to use those crystals." The Phoenix Girl asked, "Auggie, do you have your magic crystals?" Auggie said that he did. The Phoenix Girl said, "Magic poof!" Suddenly, a pegasus that turned into an Alicorn appeared. A pegasus is kind of like a big white horse. The pegasus had big wings, but it had no horns. The pegasus was a big white horse with white wings, but it didn't have a horn like a unicorn. Then it turned into an alicorn. An Alicorn is a big horse that has wings and also a horn. It's like a unicorn with wings. The Alicorn came to the rescue. The Phoenix Girl said, "Alicorn, grab Auggie's crystals." The Alicorn grabbed Auggie's crystals and put them out on top of the fire. Do you know what happened to the fire, buddy? The fire got extinguished right away. The firefighters and the mayor of the city and everyone was so proud that Sienna, Leona, Willa, Vincent, and Auggie were able to help put out the fire. The whole city started cheering for them and saying, "Yay, Sienna, yay Leona, yay, Willa, yay Vincent, and yay, Auggie," because they saved the day.

After they were done saving the day, they went out of the mirror maze and kept wearing their ninja suits until they went back to their regular house where they had their pod. That evening, they decided to play with toy fire trucks, and they had a lot of fun. Did they ever find out where the missing playground went? They had a lot of fun playing with toy fire trucks, but they were always wondering, where did that missing playground equipment go? Willa figured it out because she said, "Guys, when the missing playground equipment was missing, there were mirrors there. So that is a clue." Everyone asked, "How could that be a clue of where the missing playground was?" Willa told them the playground equipment was hidden behind some mirrors on the other side of the mirror maze. They were only able to see the playground again when the mirrors went away because the mirrors used to block the playground. That's what really happened. So then, how did the mirrors get there? That was the big mystery that all of the kids in Santa Rosa started to talk about. They're still trying to figure the answer out, even today. Sienna, Leona, Willa, Vincent, and Auggie lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to the story and make up your own because they like it.