Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were some kids named Sienna, Leona, Willa, Vincent, and Auggie. They decided to dress up as ninjas one day because somebody left some ninja costumes in front of their doors the night before. Well, the next day, Sienna, Leona, Willa, Vincent, and Auggie went to their learning pod, dressed up as ninjas, and it was time to go to the playground. So they walked in single file, marching up two, three, four in their ninja costumes all the way to the playground in Santa Rosa. And when they got to the playground, there was a big emergency. Guess what happened. All of the play equipment was gone. It was missing. There was no slide. The swings in the playground were gone. There was no seesaw. There was no sandbox. Did Jesse get to play in it? Nobody got to play in it. And it wasn't even destroyed. It was just missing. And there was no sandbox, no climbing structure was just like an empty and just empty nothing. 

Well, that's a good question, bud. Instead of all that play equipment, it was full of lots of mirrors. And there were mirrors everywhere. Where the playground was, like, where the slides used to be, there were mirrors, and where the sandbox was, there were mirrors. And it was like a maze full of mirrors. And so Sienna, Leona, Willa, Vincent, and Auggie marched through the mirror maze in their ninja costumes. And as they were marching through the mirror tunnels in their ninja outfits, they saw that when they looked in the mirror, there was a mirror in front of them and a mirror behind them. And it made shadows of different ninjas in the mirrors. And if you turned around a little bit, you could see so many more ninjas in the mirror. And so there were copies of Sienna ninja, of Leona ninja, of Willa ninja, Vincent ninja, and Auggie ninja. And all of those ninjas became real. Not just reflections in a mirror, not just shadows that you could kind of see, but they became real ninjas. And there were copies of Sienna and Leona and Willa and Vincent and Auggie all had ninja copies of themselves. And everyone was asking like, what happened? What happened before? We were just a few kids. We were just five kids before, and now we're 3000 ninjas. 

And suddenly, as they were wondering what happened, there was a Phoenix Girl that appeared overhead in the sky. And the Phoenix Girl had wings and she was made of fire. And the Phoenix Girl said, kids, I have an important message. There's a forest fire far away and I'm coming to tell you kids too, that we need to put it out. And the kids said okay. And they said we should call a fire truck. And I tried to call a fire truck, but guess what? The fire was too big. Why could they even come? The fire trucks did come, but the fire was too big. And so then they decided to get helicopters. And the helicopters were dumping water on the fire. And the helicopters helped put out a lot of the fire, but still was not enough. But it still wasn't enough. And so the Phoenix Girl told them, auggie, do you have any magic crystals? Because if you use magic crystals and forest fires, it could put them out. But only special magical creatures like unicorns and alicorns and pegasuses Pegasi know how to use those crystals. Those magic crystals. And so the Phoenix Girl said, Auggie, do you have your magic crystals? And Auggie said that he did. And then the Phoenix Girl said, magic poof. And suddenly a pegasus that turned into an Alicorn appeared. A pegasus is kind of like a big white horse. And the pegasus had big wings, but it had no horns. So the pegasus was a big white horse with white wings, but it didn't have a horn like a unicorn. And then it turned into an alicorn. And Alicorn is a big horse that has wings and also a horn. So it's like a unicorn with wings. And the Alicorn came to the rescue. And the Phoenix Girl said, Alicorn, grab Auggie's crystals. And the Alicorn grabbed Auggie's crystals and put them out on top of the fire. And do you know what happened to the firebud? What? The fire got extinguished right away. And the firemen and the mayor of the city and everyone was so proud that Sienna, Leona, Willa, Vincent, and Auggie were able to help put out the fire. And the whole city started cheering for them and saying, yay, Sienna, yay Leona, yay, Willa, yay Vincent and yay, Auggie, because they saved the day. 

And after they were done saving the day, they went out of the mirror maze and they kept wearing their ninja suits until they went back to their regular house where they had their pod. And that evening, they decided to play with fire sharks, and they had a lot of fun. Did they ever find out where the missing playground went? They had a lot of fun playing with fire trucks, but they were always wondering, where did that missing playground equipment go? And so the person who figured it out was Willa, because Willa said, guys, when the missing playground equipment was missing, there were mirrors there. So that is a clue. And everyone said, how could that be a clue of where the missing playground was? And then Willa told them the playground equipment was hidden behind some mirrors on the other side of the mirror maze. And so they were only able to see the playground again when the mirrors went away because the mirrors used to block the playground. That's what really happened. So then how did the meals get there? And that was the big mystery that all of the kids in Santa Rosa started to talk about. And they're still trying to figure the answer out, even today. And Sienna and Leona and Willa and Vincent and Auggie lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up it because they like it.