Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl named Lenna. This was really long ago, even before the dinosaurs. Lenna lived on a different planet called the Mirror Planet. The ground on this planet was made of a giant mirror, and it was near a rainbow-colored sun. The planet had all sorts of butterflies that would fly around.

One day, while Lenna was flying around the carrot castles in the Mirror World, she decided that she wanted to become a big butterfly. Just as she decided that, butterfly wings came out of Lenna's back and she started to fly all over. She looked up at the clouds in the sky. The clouds on this planet were made of a blue powder. Lenna flew on top of the blue powder clouds and saw birds flying in outer space, coming from a different continent. All of the birds had little strings attached to their legs and were carrying things in little pocketbooks. The pocketbooks were attached to the strings, and there were like a hundred different birds.

All of those birds were carrying a message for Lenna. One of the birds came up to Lenna and said, "Message delivery." Lenna saw that the pocketbook had an important message. She picked it up and tried to read it, but the message was written in a different language. Lenna decided to fly back to her carrot castle and ask her mom and dad if they knew what the message said.

When Lenna got to her carrot castle, she went inside and found her mom and dad in the kitchen. She said, "Mom, Dad, I got a special message from a dove that was flying from a different planet. I can't read it because it's written in a different language." Lenna's parents looked at the message, but they couldn't figure it out either.

Then Lenna decided to use her transformation ability to become the smartest person in the world. She looked at the message again and knew what it said. The message said, "Lenna, you live on the Mirror Planet, but if you want, you could fly all the way to Earth from the top of your carrot castle. The birds will show you the right direction because they come from Earth in a continent called Africa." Lenna asked her parents if she could go, and they said it was a good idea.

So Lenna packed her astronaut suit and went to the top of the carrot castle. She put on her butterfly wings and started to fly past the blue powder clouds, through outer space, until the birds showed her where Earth was. When Lenna got to Earth, she saw that it had a regular orange sun, and the clouds were white or sometimes gray, but they weren't made of blue powder. Lenna was very surprised because the ground on Earth was made of dirt, not mirrors.

Lenna asked the birds why the clouds weren't blue and why the ground was dirty. She also asked why there weren't so many rainbows in the sky and why the sun was yellowish and orangeish. The dove said they didn't know. But Lenna landed in South Africa with all of the birds and saw that Earth was special in different ways. For example, she saw that there was really yummy fruit like strawberries, oranges, watermelon, and cantaloupe. Lenna had never tried any of these fruits before because they didn't have them on her planet.

When Lenna tasted a grape, she thought it was the yummiest thing ever because there was no fruit or candy on the Mirror Planet. She decided to fly around Earth with her butterfly wings, trying different kinds of candy. The birds told her that on Earth, people don't fly around with butterfly wings, so Lenna took taxis and traveled with a doggie friend she found.

Finally, when Lenna was ready, she told the birds she was ready to go back to her planet. She made her butterfly wings appear and lifted off of Earth with a bag of candy, fruit, and seeds. Lenna flew past the white and gray Earth clouds, through the blue sky, past the moon, and into outer space until she reached the Mirror Planet.

When she got there, she realized that whenever she dropped a grape on the ground, it turned into two grapes. And as the grape bounced, it turned into even more grapes. Lenna realized that it worked with candy, too. If she dropped a Kit Kat or a Lollipop, they would multiply. All of the people on the Mirror Planet were so happy that Lenna told them about yummy candy. Lenna and her parents lived happily ever after. The end.