I can't wait. Welcome to make tip stories. My name is ICAT Ever. I'm Leanna, and I live in South Africa. I would like a story about a magical rainbow, a magical butter fly, and an African dove. Bye. I'm turning six on the 5. October Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. By tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Lena who lives in South Africa and who turns six years old next week on October 5. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Lena. Happy birthday, Leonard. And I'm sorry if we're pronouncing your name wrong. Lena asked for us to make up a story that includes a magical rainbow, a magical butterfly, and an African dove, which is a kind of bird. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl whose name was Lenna. This was really long ago, before the time of the dinosaurs. And Lenna lived on a different planet. The planet that Lenny lived on had the ground made of a giant mirror and the planet was near a rainbow colored sun. And the planet had all sorts of butterflies that would fly around the planet. And all of the kids and grownups who lived in the Mirror Planet where Lenna was born, all of them could change into whatever kind of thing they wanted to whenever they wanted. So one day, while Lenna was flying around next to all of the castles that were made of big carrots in the Mirror World, lenna decided that she wanted to become a big butterfly. And just as she decided that butterfly wings came out of Lenna's back and she started to fly all over and she looked up on top of the clouds in the planet. And the clouds in this planet were kind of made of a blue powder. And Lenif flew on top of the blue powder clouds and she saw that there were birds that were flying in outer space and they were coming from a different continent. And all of the birds had little strings attached to their legs and they were carrying things in little pocketbooks. And the pocketbooks were attached to the strings and it looked like there was like a hundred different birds. They were all over, coming from outer space. And if you looked at the ground on the Mirror Planet, you could see the reflection of those birds in the sky past the blue powder clouds. And all of those birds were carrying their message right to Lene. And one of the birds came up to Lenna and Lenne used her butterfly wings to get really close. And the bird said Message delivery. And Lenna saw that the pocketbook that was attached to the string, which was on the bird's leg, had an important message. So Lene picked the message up and she tried to read it, but the message was written in a different language. And then Lene decided she would fly as a butterfly back to her carrot castle. And she would ask her mom and her dad if they knew what the message that the African dove, which had flown from a different planet and gone all the way to the mirror planet, had given Lenna while she was a butterfly. Well, when Lenna got into her carrot castle and she went inside and she got next to the big refrigerator which was made of an ice cream sandwich, and the doors to the refrigerator were kind of like ice cream sandwich doors so you could open them up. Well, when Lenny got to her kitchen and she saw that her mom and dad were by the kitchen and they were inside the carrot castle, she said, mom, dad, I got a special kind of message. And it was from a dove that was flying from a different planet. And I can't read it because it's written in a different kind of language. And Lenny's parents looked at the message and they couldn't figure it out either. They'd never seen a message like this. When finally Lenna decided that she would become the smartest person in the world, and she used her transformation ability to become the smartest person. And then she looked at it and she knew what the message said. The message said, lenny, you live on a mirror planet, but if you want, you could fly all the way to earth from the top, the tippy top of your carrot castle. And if you take off, the birds will show you the right direction because they come from Earth in a continent called Africa. Lene asked her parents if she could go, and her parents said that that was a good idea. So Lenna packed her astronaut suit and she went to the top of the carrot castle and she put on her butterfly wings and she started to fly past the blue powder clouds all the way through to outer space until the birds started to show her where the planet earth was located. When Lenny got to the planet earth, she saw that there wasn't a rainbow sun, there was a regular orange sun, and that the clouds on planet earth were like white or sometimes gray, but they weren't made of blue powder. And Lenny was very surprised because her mirror planet was also kind of shiny and reflective on the bottom and you could see a reflection. But on earth, there was like dirt and stuff on the ground. And Lennay asked the birds, using her special talking power, why the clouds weren't blue and why the ground on the earth was dirty and why there weren't so many rainbows in the sky. Why was the sun kind of yellowish and orangeish? The dove said that they didn't know. But Lene landed in South Africa with all of the birds that were flying with her. And when she landed, she saw that the earth was special in different ways. For example, she saw that on earth there was really yummy fruit. There was strawberries, there were oranges, there was watermelon, there was cantaloupe. But because she came from a different planet, she had never tried an orange before, and she never even tasted a grape in her whole life. And so when Lenny got to Earth, she tasted a grape, and she thought it was the yummiest thing ever because there was no fruit and no candy on Lenna's mirror planet. Well, that was it. Lene made the decision to try all of the yummiest fruit and yummiest candies on the planet Earth. And so she decided she would fly around with her butterfly wings from city to city and country to country and coast to coast and continent to continent, all over the planet Earth to try different kinds of candy. Well, the birds told her that on the planet Earth, you're not supposed to fly around with butterfly wings. And so Lenny would take taxis, and she would also go with a doggie that she found that was her good friend. And she would tour Earth tasting different candies. And finally, when Lenna was ready, lenna told the birds that she was ready to go back to her planet. And she made her butterfly wings appear. And Lenny lifted off of Earth with a bag of candy and fruit and a bunch of seeds. And then Lenny started to fly, using her butterfly wings past the regular white and gray Earth clouds, through the blue sky, past the moon and into outer space until she went all the way following the African doves to her mirror planet. And when she got to the mirror planet, she realized that whenever she dropped like a grape on the ground of the mirror planet, because it was a mirror, it turned into two grapes. And as the grape would bounce, it would turn into even more grapes. And Lenny realized that it worked with candy, too. If Lenny just dropped like a Kit Kat or a Lollipop on the mirror planet, then it would turn into two Kit Kats and two Lollipops. And if it kept bouncing around, each bounce would make it turn into more candy. And so all of the people who lived on the mirror planet were so happy that Lenny told them all about yummy candy. And Lenna and her parents lived happily ever after. The end. I have a story. I wonder if why? How do you make these stories up in your head? What's your name? My name is Alex. I live in Kansas City. Tonight's question comes from Alex who lives in Kansas City. Alex asks us, how do you make up stories in your head? I'll tell you how I make up stories, and Jonah will tell you how he does. The way I make up stories is I close my eyes and think about whatever I decide to think about, and then I keep thinking about it. That's what I do. Jonah, how do you do it? I do it by remembering what the poison says and then making it a bit longer by saying more words about it and putting more text on. And that's how I do it. That's a good way, buddy. And I want to thank Alex for asking such a great question. If any other listeners want to send questions or say things that they wonder about, then they could email that to Makeup Stories@gmail.com, make sure the recording quality is good, and that you write out the text too. Thank you. Hi. My name is Ava. I got a question for you. How long you did make up stories tonight? We have another question from a girl named Ava, and Ava asks, how long have we been doing makeup stories? Jonah, what's your answer? The answer is probably maybe for now, like almost a year and a half. Maybe two and a half. Yeah, that's exactly right. We've been posting the podcast for a year and a half, and before starting the podcast, we would do stories also for about a year, but we just didn't record any of them. And if you guys want to tell stories, you should try doing that too. Thanks for asking that question.