Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Brighton. It was winter, and the lake where Brighton lived was so frozen that none of the boats could get through. But right in the middle of the lake, there was a sailboat stuck in the ice. The sailboat was full of bunny rabbits. Nobody could get to the sailboat because cars and even people who sledded or ice skated couldn't go on the ice.

Brighton had an idea. She thought she could use ice skates to get to the sailboat full of bunny rabbits trapped in the middle of the frozen lake. Brighton, her mom, and her dad put on ice skates and warm jackets. They decided to bring a sled with them. Brighton was the one to pull the sled, and her mom sat in it. Brighton was so good at ice skating, even though she hadn't done it many times before, that she could pull her mom on the sled over the frozen lake.

Soon enough, they reached the sailboat with the bunny rabbits. The bunnies were jumping up and down, trying to jump off the sailboat and onto the ice. But the bunny rabbits were slipping and sliding. Brighton had a great idea: she told her dad to put them in the sled. But when her dad tried to pick up the bunny rabbits, they just jumped out of his hand and all over the place. Brighton realized it wouldn't work because there were too many bunny rabbits to hold.

Luckily, just as they were saying that, they saw some reindeer carrying a big sled and flying through the sky. And guess who was on the reindeer sled? It wasn't Santa Claus. It was Princess Elsa from Frozen! Princess Elsa had lots of carrots, lettuce, and cabbage with her on the reindeer sled.

Princess Elsa landed next to Brighton and said, "Brighton, I see there's a big problem here. You can't get the bunny rabbits to go on the sled, and nobody can catch them. We should put the carrots on the sled, and then the bunny rabbits will start to eat the carrots. Then you and your parents can pull the sled." Brighton agreed that it was a good idea. So she and Elsa took the carrots, lettuce, and cabbage off the big sled and put them on the little kid sled. The bunny rabbits started to jump off the sailboat and into the kid's sled.

But just as that started to happen, there was a problem. The sun came out, and it got so hot that all the ice began to melt. They had to get back on the boat. Brighton said, "Everyone, back on the boat!" Princess Elsa, Brighton, and Brighton's parents got back on the boat with their sled. The captain of the boat was a bunny rabbit named Iris, wearing a captain's hat, a jacket, and shoes.

Iris the bunny rabbit said, "Everyone, get back on the sailboat because the ice is starting to melt." They got back on the sailboat, but there was no wind. And if it's not windy, it's not easy for a sailboat to go.

Brighton had an idea. She said, "Princess Elsa, I need you to attach the sailboat to the reindeer sled. The reindeer sled will pull the sailboat using a rope, and it will fly in the air, so it doesn't have to worry about sinking. Then you can take us back to the shore." Princess Elsa agreed, but they had to be careful not to tip the sailboat. They tied the rope to the sailboat, and it started to go straight. But because it was going straight, it didn't go back to shore. Instead, it went to a magic island.

On the magic island, there was another princess named Princess Leia. She said, "I think you came to this magic island because the reindeer could only pull you straight. I'll show you around the magic island, and then I'll turn the sailboat around and point it in the direction of Ontario, Canada, so you can get back home with the bunny rabbits." Brighton agreed, and they explored the island. They found oars to paddle the sailboat, a motor to make it a motor sailboat, and a candy store.

The candy store on this island was in a treehouse. Bunny rabbits got to eat chocolate-covered carrots, and people got to choose from cotton candy, ice cream, cupcakes, muffins, lollipops, or KitKats. Brighton chose a chocolate-covered carrot but decided to give it to her bunny named Iris. She also got some cotton candy and a cupcake.

Princess Leia helped turn their boat around, and they used the oars and the motor in their new sail motorboat to get back to shore. When they got back, they let the rabbits roam around and go wherever they wanted. From that day forward, there were many rabbits in Ontario, Canada. Brighton, her bunny named Iris, Princess Leia, Elsa from Frozen, and Brighton's parents lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends and listen to more stories because they like it.