Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Brighton. It was winter, and the lake where Brighton lived was so frozen that none of the boats could get through the lake. But right in the middle of the lake, there was a sailboat that got stuck in the ice. The sailboat was full of bunny rabbits. And nobody could get to the sailboat because cars are not so good at going on ice, not even people who sledded or ice skated. Well, cars couldn't get there, and a fire truck was also not able to get there because it just slipped and slid.

Brighton had an idea. Brighton's idea was that she would use ice skates. There was no waterfall; it was a flat lake, and Brighton's idea was that she would use ice skates to get to the sailboat that was full of bunny rabbits and was trapped in the middle of the frozen lake. Brighton and her mom and her dad put on the ice skates, and Brighton and they also put on jackets, and they decided to bring a sled with them. And guess what? Brighton was the one that got to pull the sled, and her mom sat in the sled, and Brighton was so good at ice skates, even though she didn't do it so many times before, that she was able to pull her mom on the sled over the frozen lake.

Soon enough, they got to the sailboat that had the bunny rabbits, and the bunny rabbits were jumping up and down and trying to jump off the sailboat and go on the ice. But do you know what happened? The bunny rabbits were slipping and sliding. Well, Brighton had a really good idea: she told her dad to put them in the sled. But when her dad tried to pick up the bunny rabbits, do you know what happened? They just jumped out of his hand, and they would jump all over. And so Brighton said it's not going to work because the bunny rabbits would not stay in the sled because there were too many bunny rabbits to hold.

Luckily, just as they were saying that, they saw there was some reindeer, and the reindeer was carrying a big sled and it was flying through the sky. And the reindeer, guess who was on the reindeer sled? It wasn't Santa Claus. It was Princess Elsa from Frozen. And Princess Elsa was on the reindeer sled. And do you know what she had with her? A lot of carrots. Princess Elsa brought so many carrots with her on the reindeer sled, and she also brought some lettuce and some cabbage.

And then Princess Elsa landed right next to Brighton, and she said, "Brighton, I see that there is a big problem here, that you can't get the bunny rabbits to go on the sled, and nobody could catch them. What we should do is we should put the carrots on the sled, and then the bunny rabbits will start to eat the carrots, and then you and your parents could pull the sled." And Brighton said that was a good idea. And so she and Elsa took the carrots and the lettuce and the cabbage off of the big sled that the reindeer had, and they put it on the little kid sled. And the bunny rabbits started to jump off and go in the kid's sled.

But just as that started to happen, there was a problem. The sun came out, and suddenly it got so hot that all of the ice started to melt. So they had to get back on the boat. And so, Brighton said, "Everyone, back on the boat." And Princess Elsa and Brighton and Brighton's parents got back on the boat with their sled. With their sled. And they saw that there was a very interesting captain of the boat. The captain of the boat was a bunny rabbit named Iris. And this bunny rabbit was wearing a captain's hat, and it was wearing a jacket, just like a captain wears. And bunny rabbits never wear shoes, but this bunny rabbit was wearing shoes. And the bunny rabbit said, "Everyone, this bunny rabbit was Iris. And Iris the bunny rabbit said, everyone get back on the sail ship because the ice is starting to melt." And they got back on the sailship, but there was no wind. And if it's not windy, it's not so easy for a sailboat to go.

Brighton had an idea. She said, "Princess Elsa, I need you to be in charge and to attach the sailboat to the reindeer sled. And the reindeer sled will pull the sailboat using a rope, and it will fly in the air, so it doesn't have to worry about sinking. And then you could take us back to the shore." And Princess Elsa said, "Okay, but we're going to have to be so careful that the sailboat doesn't tip, and so we're going to do it straight." And Princess Elsa tied the rope to the sailboat, and it started to go straight. But because it was going straight, it didn't go back to shore. Instead, it went to a magic island.

And on the magic island, there was another princess. And the other princess's name was Princess Leia. And Princess Leia said, "I think that you guys came to this magic island because the reindeer could only pull you straight. What I'm going to do for all of you is first show you around the magic island, and then I'll turn the sailboat around and point it in the direction of Ontario, Canada, so you guys can get back home with the bunny rabbits." And Brighton said, "Okay, we want to see." And they started to go off the island. And do you know what they found on the island? They found some oars to paddle the sailboat, and they also found a motor so that they can make the sailboat a motor sailboat. And they also found a candy store.

The candy store on this island was not like in a regular store that's next to a street because there were no streets on the island. This candy store was in a treehouse. And the rule in this candy store is, whenever a bunny rabbit came in, bunny rabbits got to eat chocolate-covered carrots. And whenever a person came in, the people got to eat their choice of cotton candy, ice cream, cupcake, muffin lollipop, or a KitKat, which is a kind of chocolate candy. And Brighton said, and she had to figure out how to choose. So Princess Leia said, "The best way to choose is to point at the different candies with your finger and say, 'Eenie, meenie, minie, mo. Catch a candy by its toe. If he hollers, let him go. My mother said to pick this one out of the colors of the world flag red, white, blue, green, yellow, pink, and orange. I choose you.'" And do you know which one Brighton chose? She chose a chocolate-covered carrot.

And she was like, "That's not the one I really wanted." And so Princess Leia and Prince whispered into Princess Elsa's ear, and they decided that Brighton could get two candies. And instead of keeping the chocolate-covered carrot for herself, she would give it to her bunny named Iris. Usually, bunny rabbits aren't supposed to eat chocolate, but this was magical chocolate that was good for bunny rabbits. And so Brighton also got some cotton candy, and she also got some cupcake. And then Princess Leia helped turn their boat around, and they used the oars and the motor in this new sail motorboat, and they got all the way back to shore.

When they got back to shore, they let the rabbits roam around and go wherever they wanted. And from that day forward, there were so many rabbits in Ontario, Canada, and Brighton and her bunny named Iris, and Princess Leia and Elsa from Frozen, and Brighton's parents lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to more stories because they like it.