Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime rumpus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a three year old listener named Henry. Henry asked for us to make up a story that includes lemonade, which is a yummy kind of drink, bananas and grass. And we are going to add a submarine to the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a three year old boy whose name was Henry. One day, Henry woke up, and Henry's mama told him that it was his special birthday and that they were going to go on a birthday adventure. And Henry said he didn't think it was his birthday, but his mama said it's a secret birthday. And Henry said, okay. And then Henry's mama put Henry in the stroller, and they started to go for a walk outside to the cake store. When they got to the cake store, henry's mama told the man in the store that she wants to get a birthday cake because Henry was turning four years old. And the baker, who is the man in the cake store, said there were no cakes left. There were only cookies. Why? I don't know. He didn't know why. And Henry asked his mama henry asked his mama to ask the man why there were no cakes. And Henry's mama said, Mr. Baker, why are there no cakes in your cake store? And the man said that earlier that day, a bunch of monkeys were jumping down from trees, and they were saying and they opened the door by itself. And he didn't know how they did that because he didn't think that monkeys knew how to use keys. But the monkeys got into the cake store and ate up all of the cakes. In some of the cakes, the monkeys took away with them to their monkey houses and some monkey trees. Well, Henry told his mom that because there were no cakes, that they should have a chocolate chip cookie. And it was such a big cookie, and it was so yummy that Henry ate some. But he told his mama that because it was his special birthday, he still wanted to get a real cake. So his mama said, okay. And Henry went back in his stroller, and his mama started to push him until he got to the beach. When he got to the beach, he noticed that there was a big kind of ship that was a little bit in the water and a little bit out of the water. And he asked his mom if it was sinking in the ocean. And Henry's mom told Henry that the submarine wasn't really sinking. Submarines are types of boats that could even go underwater. And Henry asked if he could go inside. So Henry and his mama walked right up to the submarine, and they knocked on the door. The doors of submarines are usually on top. When they knocked on the door, henry's mama went, knock, knock, knock. And on the other side of the door, there was a special thing that opened the submarine door. It was not a person. It was a robot. And the robot opened the submarine, and it said, I am a robot. I live in a submarine. And Henry said to his mama, Is that a real robot? And his mama said, I think so. And the robot said to Henry, I have a magic seed. And he gave Henry a magical seed that glowed in the dark. And Henry told his mom that they should go out of the submarine and plant the glow in the dark seed somewhere in the ground. And they found why did they worry about someone picking it? Well, they found a safe place in their backyard, and they put a fence around it, and they dug a little hole using a shovel that Henry had. And then they put the glow in the dark seed under the ground, and they put some dirt on top of it. And do you know what happened? The glow in the dark seed even glowed, even though it was underground, so you could see the whole ground glow a green kind of color. And Henry told his mom that they should water it, and they went and found a hose, and Henry was able to hold the hose and sprinkle some water on the glow in the dark seed, which was under the ground in his garden. After they sprinkled some water on it, they saw that it began to glow different colors. At first, the seed underground only glowed green, but now it glowed pink, and it glowed yellow, and it glowed red and lots of different colors. Well, his mama said, that's probably enough water for now. So that night, Henry went to sleep and listened to a makeup story. And the next day, when he got up, he went and checked outside. And do you know what he found? He found the glow in the dark seed had grown into a robot banana tree. Robot banana trees are trees that are not made of wood. They're made of metal, just like robots. And they're shiny, and they grow a lot of bananas where the robot would normally have hands and fingers. Each one of those was a banana. And the robot was getting bigger and bigger. And do you know what the robot said? What? He said, I want some lemonade. And Henry said what? A robot wants some lemonade. And Henry's mama said, okay, let's give the robot some lemonade and see what happens. And they went inside their house, and they squeezed some lemons, and they put some sugar in it and mixed it all up. And then they went outside, and Henry asked his mom how they could get the lemonade squirted into the robot's mouth, because the robot's mouth was so high up now, since it was making a big robot banana tree. And Henry's mom said she had an idea. She told Henry that he should use a water gun. And Henry found a water gun that was next to his bathtub, and his mom filled it up with the lemonade, and Henry squirted the lemonade right in the robot's mouth, and the robot said, thank you for the lemonade. And right after, he squirted into the robot's mouth and the robot said, thank you. So many bananas started coming out of the robot. It was such a big banana pile. First it started with just two bananas, then four, then eight, then 16 and 32 and 64. Yeah. And then 128. And a lot of different bananas were on this pile. And it kept making more and more bananas until the banana pile started to go as high as the clouds. And then do you know who came? The monkeys. The sneaky monkeys that went into the cake store to take all of the cake. They smelled the bananas and they came running to the banana pile, which was in Henry's backyard. And all of the monkeys started running over the banana pile and saying, Can I take the bananas? And Henry said, Quick, mom, what are we going to do? Because the monkeys might take all our bananas. And Henry's mom told Henry that they should make one pile of bananas for the monkeys and tell the monkeys they could take the bananas in that pile and the other pile would be for people, and they could use those bananas to make, like, banana pudding, banana cake, or just eat, like, banana snacks or banana bread and make different things. And they could give it to supermarkets and grocery stores and places where you buy food. And Henry said that was a good idea. So he made a pile for the monkeys, and all of the monkeys came to the monkey pile, and they took so many bananas, and the monkeys were so happy with Henry that do you know what they did? They went back to their monkey trees, and in their monkey trees, they were saving up a cake. And it was an ice cream yummy cake that didn't melt so easily. And they brought the cake back to Henry and said, henry, you did such a good job sharing the bananas with us that we want to share this cake with you. And they let Henry have a birthday cake. And that night, one slice of they let him have a whole cake since they had a lot. And also Henry shared a lot of bananas with them, so they let him have a whole cake. And that night, Henry had a lot of his friends over to his house for a birthday party, and they put four candles in it because Henry was going to turn four in the story and all of his friends when I was going to five just for the pot of my candle. Yeah, that's right. And Henry had chocolate candles that were made of chocolate and were yummy, and you can eat these candles. And all of his friends came over and gave him toys and presents. And Henry and all of his friends lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. If you liked the story, tell your friends about makeup stories and write us a five star review. You can also connect with us on Facebook at makeup stories.