Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a little rabbit named Ribby. Ribby the rabbit lived underground in a secret special rabbit tunnel. Under this rabbit tunnel, there was a whole secret city of rabbits. Ribby lived with lots of other rabbits in a little rabbit house; he had a rabbit mama, a rabbit dadda, and a little baby rabbit brother.

Ribby loved to go to the rabbit playground where he would slide down rabbit slides and say "wee." He would go on rabbit swings and say "Yay." He would also go on a hoppy uppie downy seesaw and say "Woohoo." Whenever Ribby's mama ran out of food, she would take Ribby to the little rabbit supermarket, and they would push a rabbit shopping cart and get little carrots and little pieces of celery. Sometimes they would get grapes, and they would take the groceries home. But if they needed to go to the faraway supermarket, then Ribby and his mama would take the rabbit bus, which had silly, silly wheels. Instead of round turning roundy wheels, the silly rabbit bus had rabbit foot wheels. Every time the wheels needed to go round, a rabbit foot went thump thump, thump, thump, thump thump.

Ribby would sometimes take the bus with his mama and also sometimes with his daddy to a little rabbit school. In the rabbit school in this underground rabbit city, Ribby would play lots of fun rabbit games with his rabbit friends. For example, they would play with little rabbit balls and kick them around and say, "Tag, you're it."

One day, Ribby was lonely because all of his friends were playing with other rabbits. So Ribby went home to his mama and his dadda. He told his mama and his dad that he wanted a pet that could always be with him and make him happy all the time. Ribby's dadda and mama said, "Ribby, that is such a good idea." They decided to take their little rabbit car all the way to the little rabbit pet store.

When Ribby and his parents got into the rabbit pet store, they looked at the different pet options. Ribby first wanted a little doggie as a pet, but the problem was that the doggie was too big for a rabbit. Even the little doggie looked so big for a rabbit. Ribby's mama said, "What about these things?" Ribby looked at where his mama was pointing, and he saw a cat. It looked so soft and so nice, and Ribby wanted to pet it. But when Ribby got close, he saw the cat's teeth, and they looked too sharp for Ribby. So Ribby decided not to get a cat.

Ribby and his parents kept looking through the pet store, and then they saw a duck. Ribby said, "I like ducks; maybe we can get a pet duck." But when they got closer to the duck, the duck went "quack, quack, quack, quack, quack." Ribby decided that the duck was too quack quacky.

Finally, Ribby saw something very good on the other side of the pet store. It was a blue fishy. Ribby said, "Oh, I love this fishy so much, and it's not too big, and its teeth aren't too sharp, and it's not quite quacky, so let's get it." His parents said, "That is such a good idea." The rabbit that owned the pet store took the fish out of the fish tank using a net and put the fish in a little cup of water. Ribby and his parents took the cup of water home.

Ribby said, "But we shouldn't keep the fish in a cup of water forever because that's not enough space for it." Ribby's parents said that the fishy could stay in their sink. Ribby had to make sure that the water wouldn't go down the bottom of the sink. He put something on top of the drain, filled the sink up with water, and told the fishy that he could swim there.

Ribby's dad told Ribby, "But you didn't give the fishy a name." Ribby said, "I am going to call this fishy Frankie." Ribby's dadda said, "That's such a good name for a fishy." Ribby's mama said, "Ribby, you are such a good rabbit who has such a good pet." Ribby told his parents that whenever they needed to clean the dishes, like plates, bowls, and forks, they would always have to be careful of the fishy. His parents said, "That's okay."

Ribby and his family lived happily ever after. The end.