Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a little rabbit named Ribby. And Ribby the rabbit lived under the ground in a secret special rabbit tunnel. And under this rabbit tunnel there was a whole secret city of rabbits. And Ribby lived with lots of other rabbits in a little rabbit house, he had a rabbit mama and a rabbit dadda and a little baby rabbit brother. And Ribby used to like to go to the rabbit playground where he would slide down rabbit slides and say we. And he would go on rabbit swings and say Yay. And he would also go on a hoppy uppie downy seesaw and he would say Woohoo. Well whenever Ribby's mama ran out of food, she would take Ribby to the little rabbit supermarket and they would push a rabbit shopping cart and get little carrots and little pieces of celery. And sometimes they would get grapes and they would take the groceries home. But if they needed to go to the faraway supermarket, then Rivy and his mama would take the rabbit bus, which had silly, silly wheels. Instead of round turning roundy wheels, the silly rabbit bus had rabbit foot wheels. And every time the wheels needed to go round, a rabbit foot went thump thump, thump, thump, thump thump. And Ribby would sometimes take the bus with his mama and also sometimes with his daddy to a little rabbit school. And in the rabbit school in this underground rabbit city, ribby would play lots of fun rabbit games with his rabbit friends. For example, they would play with little rabbit balls and kick them around and say, tag urit. Well one day Ribby was lonely because all of his friends were playing with other rabbits. So Ribby went home to his mama and to his dadda. And he told his mama and his dad that he wanted a pet that could always be with him and that could make him happy all the time. Well, Ribby's dadda and mama said, ribby, that is such a good idea. And they decided to take their little rabbit car all the way to the little rabbit pet store. And when Ribby and his parents got into the rabbit pet store, they looked at the different pet options. Ribby first wanted a little doggie as a pet, but the problem was that the doggie was too big for a rabbit. Even the little doggie looked so big for a rabbit. And so Ribby's mama said, what about these things? And Ribby looked at where his mama was pointing and he saw a cat. And it looked so soft and so nice, and Ribby wanted to pet it. But when Ribby got close, he saw the rab, the cat's teeth, and they looked too sharp for Ribby. So Ribby decided not to get a cat. Well, Ribby and his parents kept looking through the pet store and then they saw a duck. And Ribby said, I like ducks, maybe we can get a pet duck. But when they got closer to the duck, the duck went quack, quack, quack, quack, quack. And Ribby decided that the duck was too quack quacky. So Ribby finally saw something very good on the other side of the pet store. And do you know what it was? It was a blue fishy. And Ribby said, oh, I love this fishy so much, and it's not too big, and its teeth aren't too sharp, and it's not quite quacky, so let's get it. And his parents said, that is such a good idea. So the rabbit that owned the pet store took the fish out of the fish tank using a net and put the fish in a little cup of water. And Ribby and his parents took the cup of water home. And then Ribby said, but we shouldn't keep the fish in a cup of water forever because that's not enough space for it. And so Ribby's parents said that the fishy could stay in their sink. Well, so Ribby had to make sure that the water wouldn't go down the bottom of the sink. And so he put something on top of the drain, and he filled the sink up with water and then told the fishy that he could swim there. And then Ribby's dad had told Ribby, but you didn't give the fishy a name. And Ribby said, I am going to call this fishy Frankie. And Ribby's dadda said, that's such a good name for a fishy. And Ribby's mama said, Ribby, you are such a good rabbit who has such a good pet. And Ribby told his parents that whenever they needed to clean the dishes, like plates and like bowls and like forks, they would always have to be careful of the fishy. And his parents said, that's okay. And Ribby and his family lived happily ever after. The end.