Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Grace. Grace grew up working in a circus. The circus had lots of animals, like elephants, rhinos, tigers, and even bats that would flap around during the show. There were also wolves and people who could do special tricks, like juggling different things.

Grace's job in the circus was to take care of all the animals and teach them how to do skateboard tricks. The kids who came to watch the circus loved it when the elephant, named Ernie Elephant, got on four skateboards, one for each of his big legs. Ernie would go up and down ramps, and sometimes he would even jump a little bit. When he jumped, he would stick out his long trunk and say, "Whoo!" The audience would clap and cheer, and Grace was the one who taught Ernie how to do that trick.

But at first, Ernie needed eight skateboards because his feet were so big. He broke the first four skateboards, so Grace gave him two skateboards for each foot. With eight skateboards, Ernie was able to do the tricks, and Grace told him he was doing a great job.

There was another animal in the circus named Rennie the Rhino. Rennie didn't know how to do any skateboard tricks and would get sad and cry whenever he saw a skateboard. Grace told Rennie that skateboards could be fun and friendly, even for rhinos. Rennie was afraid he would fall and get hurt, but Grace promised to hold him so he wouldn't have to worry.

Grace got Rennie some special rainbow-colored skateboards and helped him learn how to skate. Soon, Rennie told Grace he knew a skate trick: he could eat an ice cream cone while skateboarding! It was a tricky trick for a rhino, but Rennie had a tray attached to his head to hold the ice cream cone while he licked it and did his tricks.

Grace loved all the animals in the circus, and when they traveled, she helped pack them up. The animals would go in big trucks or even choo-choo trains. Grace would put the animals in the train, even the giraffes, who would stick their heads out of the train. She would make sure all the animals and the circus tent were on the train before saying, "All aboard!" and the train would chug away to the next town.

In the next town, they set up the circus near a big dog park. Grace helped everyone set up and brought the animals, including Ernie the elephant and Rennie the rhino, to the dog park. While setting up the tent, Grace found a little puppy who said, "Woof, woof, woof, woof!" Grace didn't understand the puppy, so she showed him to Rennie the Rhino, who could speak dog language. Rennie told Grace that the puppy wanted to be part of the circus.

Grace taught the puppy how to do skateboard tricks too. At the next show, the audience cheered as Rennie the rhino, Ernie the elephant, and the puppy all did skateboard tricks together. They even made a pile with the elephant on the bottom, the rhino on top of the elephant, and the puppy on top of the rhino, all on skateboards! The audience clapped and cheered for Grace and her amazing circus animals.

Grace continued to enjoy the circus, traveling to different places and sharing her special circus stories with her friends. And Grace and her circus family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they will like it.