Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime womb is tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old listener named Grace. Grace asked for us to make up a story that includes a rhinoceros, which is a big animal, and a puppy, which is a little doggie that says woof woof, and also an elephant. Why? Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Grace. Grace grew up acting in a circus. The circus had lots of animals, including elephants, rhinoceroses, tigers, and it also had people that could do special tricks, like juggling different juggling different things. And there were also bats, which were animals that could flap around during the circus. And there were also wolves in the circus. And Grace's and Grace's job in the circus was she was in charge of taking care of all of the animals and teaching them how to do skate tricks. Because a lot of the kids that went to the circus to watch the circus, they loved it when the elephant got on a skateboard. And an elephant can't fit on one skateboard because it's too big. It needs four skateboards for all of its legs, because it was four legs. And the elephants would go on skateboards and go up a ramp and down a ramp. And one of the elephants, whose name was Ernie elephant, he was even able to jump a little bit. And when he would get to his jump, he would stick out his trunk, which is an elephant's long blue nosy, and say, whoo. And then all of the audience would clap and say, hooray. And Grace is the one who taught Ernie the elephant how to do that trick. And the way Grace taught Ernie the elephant how to do that skate trick is she used to hold elephants. The elephant needed eight. Why did the elephant need eight skateboards? Because the foots are so oh, yeah. All right. So the elephant broke the first four skateboards because its feet were too big for one skateboard. So under each foot, it needed two skateboards. And then after it had two skateboards, under each foot, it had eight skateboards. And Grace told Ernie the elephant it was doing a good job. Well, there was another animal in the circus named rennie the rhino, and Rinnie the rhino did not know how to do any skate tricks. Whenever rennie the rhino saw a skateboard, he would get sad and he would cry. And so Grace told Rinnie the rhino that it didn't have to be scared of skateboards and that skateboards could be fun and friendly and a good time, even for rhinoceroses. But Rinnie the rhino didn't believe Grace. Rennie the rhino said he would fall and get a boo boo on his rhino shoulder. And Grace told Rennie the rhino that the first time, she would hold Rennie the rhino so it wouldn't have to worry. And so Grace got Rinnie the rhino some skateboards. And Rennie the rhino got special rainbow colored skateboards, and Grace kept her hand on Rennie the rhino as she taught yeah, these were really sturdy skateboards, as she helped teach Rennie the rhino how to skate. And then Rennie the rhino told Grace that it knew how to do a skate trick. And Grace says, what is it? And Rennie the rhino showed Grace that Rennie the rhino could eat an ice cream cone while skateboarding. And that would not be very easy for people to do, although some skaters can do that. But for rhinoceros, it had to have a tray that was coming out from on top of its head, right under its mouth, with a long wire attached to an ice cream cone, and it would lick up the ice cream cone as it was doing those tricks. Well, Grace was she loved all of the animals in the circus, and whenever she traveled, she would also help pack up the animals. And the animals would go in big trucks, and some you'd even go in ChuChu trains. And Grace would put the animals in the ChuChu train. Even the giraffes could go in a ChuChu train. They just stick their head out so high. And Grace would put all of the animals in the ChuChu train, and then they would get to the ChuChu station, and Grace would say, all aboard. And she was in charge of checking that all of the animals from the circus were on the train and also that the tent was packed up into little pieces and put on the train. And after Grace had all aboard, the ChuChu train started to go, and it started chugging its way out of the station, bringing the circus troop to a different town. Grace wanted to go to the next town because the next town had a big dog park, and they decided to set up their circus and their big tent and all of their concessions and amenities by the big dog park. And Grace helped everyone set up, and she helped the elephant and Rennie the rhinoceros and all of the other circus animals get out of the train and go to the dog park. When they got to the dog park and started setting up the tent, grace found a little puppy. A puppy is a baby dog. And the puppy said, Woof, woof, woof, woof. And Grace could not understand what it was saying. And so Grace showed the puppy to Rennie the rhino, and Rinnie the rhino was a rhinoceros that knew how to speak dog language. And Rennie the rhino told Grace that the doggie just wanted to be part of the circus. And so Grace taught the doggie how to do skateboard tricks as well. And the next time there was a big crowd in the audience and everyone was cheering, and then Grace had a trick where a rhinoceros named Rennie, an elephant named Ernie, and this puppy all did skateboard tricks, and one of those tricks. The rhinoceros would jump off the skateboard and go on top of the elephant. And then the puppy would jump off of his skateboard and jump on top of the rhinoceros. And there would be a pile on a skateboard of an elephant, a puppy, and a rhino. And then as they were on this pile, all on top of each other, the skateboard would start to go out, and the elephant would start to walk off of the skateboards, and he would kneel on his front legs, and everyone would say hooray and clap and tell Grace that she did a great job. And Grace kept enjoying the circus and traveling around to different places, and she would tell all of these special circus stories to her friend. And Grace and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.