Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. It was summertime, and their parents told them they were going to camp. Jonah and Jesse's mom, Amanda, drove them to a camp in the forest. There was a door between two giant redwood trees, and the door was attached to a wall between the trees. It was a blue door with a golden doorknob. There was no roof and no house behind the door. Jesse asked, "Is this our camp?" Amanda said she thought it was.

There was a sign on the blue door that said, "knock, knock." Jesse decided to knock. He knocked on the door, and it opened by itself, making a squeaking noise. When they looked inside, they saw the forest was full of arts and crafts. There were Popsicle sticks, glue, staples, glitter, fuzzy things, and lots of different markers under some leaves on the ground. Jonah and Jesse went in, and there was a camp counselor who was a grown-up but really short, even shorter than a kid. The counselor said, "Jonah and Jesse, are you guys ready for magic camp?" They looked at each other, held hands, and said, "We're not so sure."

Just then, they saw a big spider come down from a tree. The spider made some Scotch tape and created a whole spider web out of it. Then there was a dog, and when it barked, wind came out of its mouth. The wind blew the tiny counselor into the Scotch tape spider web. Jonah and Jesse turned around and told their mom they didn't want to stay in magic camp. But it was too late. The door to the magic camp closed, their mom was gone, and they were all alone.

Jonah and Jesse decided to protect themselves with Popsicle sticks. Jonah picked up two sticks, and Jesse picked up one. They stood back-to-back so they could see in both directions and made sure the dog didn't get near them to blow them into the Scotch taped spider web. They pointed the Popsicle sticks at the door with the golden doorknob. When Jesse pointed his stick at the blue door with the golden doorknob, the door disappeared and went underground. But on the other side of the door, there was no longer the parking lot where his mom was. Instead, there was a big lake made of green paint.

Jonah and Jesse thought it was safer to test the paint lake by putting their toes in it instead of staying in the forest with the big spiders that made Scotch tape. But then Jonah thought, maybe they should put a Popsicle stick in the lake. So Jonah put one of his two sticks in the paint lake. When he did, a rainbow-colored frog ate the stick and turned into a wooden frog. Jesse told Jonah that whatever the stick touched became wood. So Jesse suggested going to the spider web and touching the spider with his stick. Jonah said, "No, don't do that. That's too dangerous." So instead, Jesse threw his stick at the spider that made the Scotch tape webs, and the stick hit the spider, turning it into a wooden spider.

Now that the spider was out of the way, they felt a little safer. Jonah and Jesse looked at the ground and saw a pile of glitter next to the paint lake. They decided to test the glitter. Jonah had one Popsicle stick left and knew he shouldn't just put his finger in the glitter because who knew what it did? So he put his other stick in the glitter, and when he did, there was a kaboom. Suddenly it started raining glitter from the clouds. The whole forest got sparkly, twinkly, and glittery. Finally, there was some good news because all the glitter attracted a fairy. The fairy came down with a dress and a magic wand. She looked at Jonah and Jesse and said, "How did you guys get to this magic camp?" Jonah and Jesse explained their story.

The fairy told Jonah and Jesse there was only one way to get out of magic camp, and if they wanted to go back to the regular world, they needed to find the snack room. Jonah and Jesse asked for a clue to find the snack room. The fairy told them if they built a boat out of Popsicle sticks and went to the center of the paint lake, there would be a hole in the middle of the lake. In that hole, there was a lunchbox.

Jonah and Jesse said it would take too long to build a whole boat out of Popsicle sticks. The fairy said, "Well, don't worry, I can help." She waved her magic wand, and many Popsicle sticks came together with glue. She even made oars so Jonah and Jesse could row the boat. She went in the boat with them, and they rowed to the middle of the paint lake. There, they saw an empty part with no paint and a green lunchbox. Jesse opened the lunchbox and found just one tiny crumb. Jonah said, "What? Is that all we're having for a snack? Just a little crumb?" The fairy said, "Trust me, just eat it."

Jonah said, "Well, if I eat it, then Jesse will be stuck here." The fairy said, "Don't worry. Just try it." So Jonah and Jesse discussed who should eat the crumb, but Jesse said it was okay for Jonah to try it. He wouldn't swallow it. He'd just put it on his tongue to test it and then give it to Jesse. So Jonah put the crumb on his tongue, and it got bigger and turned into two crumbs. Then Jesse put the other crumb on his tongue, and it turned into four crumbs. Soon there were so many crumbs that they filled up the whole paint lake. The crumbs filled the forest, and there were so many that the magic door with the golden doorknob came back. Jonah and Jesse rode the boat through the crumbs to the magic door. They got off the boat, turned the golden doorknob, and on the other side, their mom was waiting.

Jonah and Jesse said, "Mom, you won't believe what happened." They told Amanda all about their magical adventures at magic camp. Jonah, Jesse, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.