Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids whose names were Jonah and Jesse. It was summertime, and Jonah and Jesse's parents told them that they were going to go to camp. Jonah's mom drove Jonah and Jesse all the way to a camp that was in the forest. There was a door between two giant redwood trees, and the door was attached to a wall that was between the trees. It was a blue door, and it had a golden doorknob. There was no roof, and there was no house behind the door. Jesse said, "Is this our camp?" And Jonah and Jesse's mom, Amanda, said that she thought that it was. 

There was a sign on the blue door that said, "knock, knock." Jesse decided to knock. He knocked on the door, and the door opened up by itself, making a squeaking noise when it opened. When they looked inside, they saw that that part of the forest was full of arts and crafts. There were Popsicle sticks, glue, staples, glitter, fuzzy things, and lots of different markers under some leaves on the ground. Jonah and Jesse went in, and there was a camp counselor who was a grown-up that was really short, even shorter than a kid. The camp counselor said, "Jonah and Jesse, are you guys ready to go to magic camp?" They looked at each other, held hands, and said, "We're not so sure."

Just as they said that, they saw a big spider come down from one of the trees. The spider made some Scotch tape go out of it and made a whole spider web out of Scotch tape. Then there was a dog, and when it barked, it made wind go out of its mouth. The wind blew the counselor, who was so small, into the Scotch tape spider web. Jonah and Jesse turned around and told their mom that they didn't want to stay in this magic camp. But it was too late. The door to the magic camp was closed, and their mom was gone, and they were all alone.

Jonah and Jesse decided that they needed to protect themselves with Popsicle sticks. Jonah picked up two Popsicle sticks, and Jesse picked up one Popsicle stick. They turned their backs to each other so that they could see in both directions and made sure that the dog didn't get near them to blow them into the Scotch taped spider web. They decided to point the Popsicle sticks at the door with the golden doorknob. When Jesse pointed his Popsicle stick at the blue door with the golden doorknob, the door disappeared and went under the ground. But on the other side of the door, there was no longer the parking lot where his mom was. Instead, there was a big lake made out of green paint.

Jonah and Jesse decided it was probably safer to test out the lake with green paint by putting their toes in it instead of staying in the forest with the big spiders that made Scotch tape. But then Jonah thought, maybe they should put a Popsicle stick in the lake. So Jonah decided to put one of his two Popsicle sticks in the lake with the paint. When he stuck the end of the Popsicle stick in it, a rainbow-colored frog ate up the Popsicle stick. The frog turned into a wooden frog. Jesse told Jonah that whatever the Popsicle stick touched became wood. So Jesse told Jonah that his idea was to go to the spider web and touch the spider with his Popsicle stick. Jonah said, "No, don't do that. That's too dangerous." So instead, Jesse threw his Popsicle stick at the spider that made the Scotch tape webs, and that Popsicle stick hit the spider, and the spider turned into a wooden spider.

Now that the spider was out of the way, they decided that it was a little bit safer for them. Jonah and Jesse looked at the ground and saw that next to the lake made out of paint, there was a pile of glitter. They decided to test out the glitter. Jonah had one Popsicle stick left, and he knew that he shouldn't just put his finger in the pile of glitter because who knew what the glitter did? So he put his other Popsicle stick in the pile of glitter, and when he put it in there, there was a kaboom. Suddenly it started raining glitter from on top of the clouds. The whole forest got really sparkly, twinkly, and glittery. Finally, there was some good news because all of the glitter attracted a fairy. The fairy came down with a dress and a magic wand. She looked at Jonah and Jesse and said, "How did you guys get to this magic camp?" Jonah and Jesse explained their story.

The fairy told Jonah and Jesse that there was only one way to get out of magic camp, and if they wanted to go back to the regular world, they would need to find the snack room. Jonah and Jesse asked for a clue for how to find the snack room. The fairy told Jonah and Jesse that if they built a boat out of Popsicle sticks and went on the boat to the center of the paint lake, then there would be a hole right in the middle of the paint lake. In that hole, there was a lunchbox.

Jonah and Jesse said it would take too long for them to build a whole boat out of Popsicle sticks. The fairy said, "Well, don't worry, I can help." She waved her magic wand, and so many Popsicle sticks came together with glue. She even made oars so that Jonah and Jesse could row the boat. She went in the boat with Jonah and Jesse, and the boat went on the paint lake. When they got to the middle, they saw an empty part with no paint, and there was a green lunchbox. Jesse opened up the green lunchbox, and in it, he saw just one tiny little crumb. Jonah said, "What? Is that all we're having for a snack? Just a little crumb?" The fairy said, "Trust me, just eat it."

Jonah said, "Well, if I eat it, then Jesse's going to be stuck here." The fairy said, "Don't worry. Just try it." So Jonah and Jesse discussed who should really eat the crumb, but Jesse said it's okay for Jonah to try it. He wouldn't swallow it. He'd just put it on his tongue to test it and then give it to Jesse. So Jonah put the crumb on his tongue, and when he did it, it got bigger and turned into two crumbs. Then Jesse put the other crumb on his tongue, and it turned into four crumbs. Soon there were so many crumbs that the crumbs filled up the whole painted lake. The crumbs filled up the whole forest, and there were so many crumbs that it made the magic door come back with the golden doorknob. Jonah and Jesse rode the boat through the crumbs all the way to the magic door. They got off the boat, turned the golden doorknob, and on the other side, their mom was waiting.

Jonah and Jesse said, "Mom, you're not going to believe what happened." They told Amanda all about the special adventures of magic camp. Jonah and Jesse and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.