Yidday. Welcome to Making up stories. My name is Alma. Go to makeup stories.com. Okay, Jesse, what do you want to night's makeup story to be about? A crumb that can get out of a crumb and it makes more crumbs. A crumb that can get out of a crumb, and it makes more crumbs. And Jonah, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? A machine that makes you say a machine that makes you say okay. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids whose names were Jonah and Jesse. And it was summertime, and Jonah and Jesse's parents told them that they were going to go to camp. And so Jonah's mom drove Jonah and Jesse all the way to a camp that was in the forest. And there was a door that was between two giant redwood trees, and there was kind of the door was attached to a wall that was between the trees. It was a blue door, and it had a golden doorknob. There was no roof, and there was no house behind the door. Jesse said, Is this our camp? And Jonah and Jesse's mom, Amanda, said that she thought that it was. There was a sign on the blue door that said, knock, knock. And so Jesse decided to knock. He knocked on the door, knock, knock. And the door opened up by itself, and it made a kind of squeaking noise when it opened up. And when they looked inside, they saw that that part of the forest was full of arts and crafts. There were Popsicle sticks. There was glue, there were staples, there was glitter, there was fuzzy things. There were lots of different markers that were under some leaves on the ground. And Jonah and Jesse went in, and there was a camp counselor who was a grown up that was really short. She was even shorter than a kid. And the camp counselor said, jonah and Jesse, are you guys ready to go to magic camp? And they looked at each other, and they held hands, and they said, we're not so sure. And just as they said that, they saw a big spider come down from one of the trees. And the spider made some Scotch tape go out of it, and it made a whole spider web out of Scotch tape. And then there was a dog. And the dog, when it barked, it made wind go out of its mouth, and the wind blew the counselor, who was so small, into the Scotch tape spider web. And Jonah and Jesse turned around, and they told their mom that they didn't want to stay in this magic camp. But it was too late. The door to the magic camp was closed, and their mom was gone, and they were all alone. And Jonah and Jesse decided that they needed to protect themselves with Popsicle sticks. So Jonah picked up two Popsicle sticks, and Jesse picked up one Popsicle stick, and they turned their backs to each other so that they could see in both directions. And they made sure that the dog didn't get near them to blow them in the Scotch taped spider web. And they decided that they would point the Popsicle sticks at the door with the golden doorknob. And when Jesse pointed his Popsicle stick at the blue door with the golden doorknob, the door disappeared and went under the ground. But on the other side of the door, there was no longer the parking lot where his mom was. Instead, there was a big lake made out of green paint. And Jonah and Jesse decided it was probably safer to just test out the lake with green paint by putting their toes in it instead of staying in the forest with the big spiders that made Scotch tape. But then Jonah was like, maybe actually we should put a Popsicle stick in forest. And so Jonah decided to put his little Popsicle, one of his two Popsicle sticks, in the lake with the paint. And when he stuck the end of the Popsicle stick in it, there was a frog that was a rainbow colored frog that ate up the Popsicle stick. And the frog turned into a wooden frog. And Jesse told Jonah that whatever the Popsicle stick touched became wood. So Jesse told Jonah that his idea was to go to the spider web and to touch the spider with his Popsicle stick. And Jonah said, no, don't do that. That's too dangerous. So instead, Jesse threw his Popsicle stick at the spider that made the Scotch tape webs, and that Popsicle stick hit the spider, and the spider turned into a wooden spider. Well, now that the spider was out of the way, they decided that it was a little bit safer for them. And Jonah and Jesse looked at the ground and they saw that next to the lake that was made out of paint, there was a pile of glitter. And so Jesse and Jonah decided that they would test out the glitter. Jonah had one Popsicle stick left, and he knew that he shouldn't just put his finger in the pile of glitter because who knew what the glitter did? So he put his other Popsicle stick in the pile of glitter, and when he put it in there, there was a kaboom. And suddenly it started raining glitter from on top of the clouds. And the whole forest got really sparkly and twinkly and glittery. And finally there was some good news because all of the glitter attracted a fairy. And the fairy came down with a dress and a magic wand. And she looked at Jonah and Jesse and she said, how did you guys get to this magic camp? And Jonah said and the fairy said, are you a machine that just says and Jesse said, no, I'm not a machine that just says and Jonah's not either. We're people. And our mom dropped us off into magic camp. And the fairy told Jonah and Jesse that there was only one way to get out of magic camp, and if they wanted to go back to the regular world, they would need to find the snack room. And Jonah and Jesse asked for a clue for how to find the snack room. And the fairy told Jonah and Jesse that if they built a boat out of popsicle sticks and they went on the boat to the center of the paint lake, then there would be a hole right in middle of the paint lake. And in that hole there was a lunchbox. And Joan and Jesse said, well, it would take too long for us to build a whole boat out of popsicle sticks. And the fairy said, well, don't worry, I can help. And she waved her magic wand and so many popsicle sticks came together with glue, and she even made oars so that Jonah and Jesse could row the boat. And she went in the boat with Jonah and Jesse, and the boat went on the paint lake. And when they got to the middle, they saw an empty part with no paint, and there was a green lunchbox. Jesse opened up the green lunchbox and in it he saw just one tiny little crumb. And Jonah said, what? Is that all we're having for snack? Just a little crumb? And the fairy said, trust me, just eat it. And Jonah said, well, if I eat it, then Jesse's going to be stuck here. And the fairy said, don't worry. Just try it. And so first Jonah and Jesse discussed who should really eat the crumb, but Jesse said it's okay for Jonah to try it. And he wouldn't swallow it. He'd just like, put it on his tongue to test it and then give it to Jesse. So Jonah put the crumb on his tongue, and when he did it, it got bigger and turned into two crumbs. And then Jesse put the other crumb on his tongue, and then it turned into four crumbs. And soon there were so many crumbs that the crumbs filled up the whole painted lake. And then the crumbs filled up the whole forest. There were so many crumbs that it made the magic door come back with the golden doorknob. And Joan and Jesse rode the boat through the crumbs all the way to the magic door. And they got off the boat and they turned the golden doorknob. And on the other side, their mom was waiting. And Jonah and Jesse said, mom, you're not going to believe what happened. And they told Amanda all about the special adventures of magic camp. And Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The endo. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Oliver. Go to Makeup stories.com if you want to be a part of the club. Bye. Thank you. Bye, everyone. You.