Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two girls named Onley and Aza. They were on a seesaw together. Onley was on one side, going up, and Aza was on the other side, going down, when suddenly they saw beans falling all over, just like rain. Onley and Aza had never seen beans fall from the sky before. So they looked up, and when they did, they saw a giant burrito rocket ship in the clouds, with big rocket ship engines and big headlights. The alien burrito rocket ship made a sound like, "wow." That's what alien spaceships say. The burrito spaceship shot out beans for bullets because it was so full of beans. That's why Onley and Aza felt it was raining beans as they went up and down on the seesaw.

Onley and Aza asked their mom, "What are we going to do about the alien burrito spaceship?" Their mom said, "Well, it seems like it's a friendly one because it's making everyone have beans. So if there are no beans in certain parts of the world, the burrito spacecraft could just shoot some gentle beans down, and then anyone could make bean soup or a burrito or anything with beans wherever they wanted." Onley and Aza saw that one of the beans landed in a piggy bank. There was a piggy bank under the slide. It looked like maybe someone had left it there. Onley and Aza asked their mom if they could pick it up. Their mom said, "Okay, let's look at it." Onley and Aza picked it up and saw there was a little bean that the alien burrito made fall into the piggy bank, and there was no money in it. Onley asked, "Mom, can we keep this?" Their mom said, "First, we have to put up a sign to see if a different kid left it." Onley and Aza went home and started coloring a sign that said, "Found a piggy bank with a magic bean in it from the alien Burrito spacecraft. Did anyone lose it?" They also brought some tape. They went back to the playground, put up the sign, and sat down on the grass so that if anyone came up to the sign, they could see that person and give them the piggy bank. But nobody came.

The next day, Onley and Aza's mom decided that they could use the piggy bank because it was nobody else's, and someone left it there for different people to pick up. Aza said, "Mom, how about we put some money in it?" Onley and Aza's mom said, "Okay, but first, let's take out the bean." So they opened up the top of the piggy bank, and Aza said, "What if the aliens forgot that piggy bank there?" Onley said, "Well, let's just try because if the aliens want it, then we could just give it back." Aza said okay. So they opened up the piggy bank, and Onley and Aza put in two quarters, and then they closed the piggy bank. And do you know what happened? The piggy bank turned into two piggy banks! Each of those two piggy banks had two quarters. Onley and Aza couldn't believe what happened because the whole piggy bank turned into two little piggies. It was like the piggy bank had a baby piggy bank, but the baby piggy bank also had two quarters in it and was big. Onley and Aza decided to put quarters in both of the new piggy banks at the same time. And do you know what happened? The piggy banks divided in two again! Suddenly, there were four piggy banks, and each of those four piggy banks had more money. Onley said, "I know what happened. It was because of the Alien Burrito, which shot that magic bean down. That's probably what makes the piggy banks divide in two." Onley and Aza asked their mom, "What if we take the magic out of the piggy bank by not having the bean in there anymore?" Their mom reminded them that she was just holding the bean in her hand. So Onley and Aza went outside with all of their piggy banks and looked up to the sky, where the big alien burrito spacecraft was. They said, "We have so many piggy banks. Did you leave your magic bean on purpose?" The alien burrito spacecraft opened up its tortilla doors, and suddenly they saw that there was a kitty cat alien inside the burrito spaceship. The kitty cat alien made a long tortilla slide so it could slide all the way down from the clouds to Onley and Aza's house. When the kitty cat got to Onley and Aza's house, they asked the kitty cat if it wanted its special burrito. The kitty cat said, "No, I'm going to go back to the burrito spaceship soon. What I wanted to tell you is that you can keep the piggy banks, and they're going to keep being magical. Every time you divide another piggy bank, you should leave those piggy banks under slides for other kids to find." So Onley and Aza kept going to different parks, and whenever they found a playground, they would hide a magic piggy bank under the slide. They kept one piggy bank for themselves so they could keep dividing it into new ones. All of the kids in all of the cities near Albuquerque, New Mexico, were so happy because Onley and Aza put these magical piggy banks that could divide into two everywhere. Onley and Aza went home with their mom, and they lived happily ever after. The end.