Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two girls named Onley and Aza. They were on a seesaw together. Onley was on one side, and she was going up, and Aza was on the other side, and she was going down, when suddenly they saw that beans were falling all over, just like rain. And Onley and Aza had never seen beans fall down from the sky before. So they looked up, and when Anley and Aza looked up, they saw a giant burrito rocket ship, which was in the clouds, and it had big rocket ship engines, and it had big headlights. And the alien burrito rocket ship said, you know how fire trucks go, woo woo, woo? Well, the way that you knew this was a really alien burrito spaceship is that it said, wow. Well, that's what alien spaceships say. And the burrito spaceship used to shoot out beans for bullets because it was so full of beans. And that's why Onley and Aza felt that it was raining beans as they were going on the seesaw up and down.

And Onley and ASA said, mom, what are we going to do about the alien burrito spaceship? And Onley? And as mom said, well, it seems like it's a friendly one because it's making everyone have beans. So if there's not beans in certain parts of the world, then the burrito spacecraft could just shoot some gentle beans down, and then anyone could make bean soup or a burrito or anything with beans wherever they wanted. And Ali and Aza saw that one of the beans landed in a piggy bank. There was a piggy bank that was under the slide. It looked like maybe someone had left it there. And Onley and Aza asked their mom if they could pick it up. And their mom said, okay, let's look at it. And Onley and Aza picked it up, and they saw there was a little bean that the alien burrito made fall into the piggy bank, and there was no money in it. And Onley said, mom, could we keep this? And their mom said, well, first we have to put up a sign to see if a different kid left it. And Onley and Aza went home, and they started coloring the sign that said, found a piggy bank with a magic bean in it from the alien Burrito spacecraft. Did anyone lose it? And they also brought some Scotch tape. And they went back to the playground, and they put that sign up, and they also sat down on the grass so that if anyone came up to the sign, they could see that person and give them the piggy bank. But nobody came.

The next day, Onley and Aza's mom decided that they could use the piggy bank because it was nobody else's, and somebody left it there for different people to pick up. And Aza said, mom, how about we put some money in it? And Onley and Aza's mom said, okay, but first, let's take out the bean. So they opened up the top of the piggy bank, the aliens, and they forgot it. They opened up the top of the piggy bank, and Aza said, what if it's the aliens? And they forgot that piggy bank there? And Onley said, well, let's just try, because if the aliens want it, then we could just give it back. And Aza said okay. So they opened up the piggy bank, and Onley and Aza put in two quarters, and then they closed the piggy bank. And do you know what happened to those two quarters? What? The piggy bank turned into two piggy banks. Oh, my gosh. And each of those two piggy banks had two quarters. And Anley and ASA couldn't believe what happened, because the whole piggy bank turned into two little piggies. It was like the piggy bank had a baby piggy bank, but the baby piggy bank also had two quarters in it and was big. And Anley and ASA decided, how about we put quarters in both of the new piggy bank in the new piggy bank, and we'll see what happens to both of them? And Onley and Aza picked up quarters at the same time, and they each put a quarter in a different piggy bank at the same time. And do you know what happened? What? The piggy banks divided in two again. And suddenly, there were four piggy banks, and each of those four piggy banks had more money. And then Onley said, I know what happened. It was because of the Alien Burrito, which shot that magic bean down. That's probably what makes the piggy banks divide in two. What if they take the magic out? And Onley and ASA ask and Anley and ASA ask their mom, what if we take the magic out of the piggy bank by not having the bean in there anymore? And Anle and Aza's mom reminded them that she was just holding the bean in her hand. So Onley and Aza went outside with all of their piggy banks, and they looked up to the sky, where the big alien burrito spacecraft was. And they said, we have so many piggy banks. Did you leave your magic bean on purpose? And the alien burrito spacecraft opened up its tortilla doors, and suddenly they saw that there was a kitty cat alien inside the burrito spaceship. And the kitty cat alien made a long tortilla. Did they say, like, is this how they talked? Hide meow. Hi meow. Did they talk? Hi, meow. Hi, meow. And the kitty cat who was in the alien burrito made a long tortilla slide so he could slide all the way down from the clouds, all the way down to Onley and Aza's house. And when the kitty cat got to Onley and Aza's house, onley and Aza asked the kitty cat if he wanted his special burrito. And the kitty cat said, no, I'm going to go back to the burrito spaceship soon. What I wanted to tell you is that you could keep the piggy banks, and they're going to keep being magical. And every time you divide another piggy bank, do you know what you should do with it? The kitty cat alien told Onley and Aza to leave those piggy banks under slides for other kids to find. So Onley and Aza kept driving to different parks. And whenever they found a playground, they would hide a magic piggy bank under the slide. And they kept one piggy bank for themselves so they could keep dividing it into new ones. And all of the kids in all of the cities near Albuquerque, New Mexico, were so happy because Onley and Aza put these magical piggy banks that could divide into two everywhere. And Onley and Aza went home with their mom, and they lived happily ever after. The end.