This is Willie. Welcome to makeup stories. Tonight's makeup story is about King Jonah, a six year old king who ruled a faraway kingdom where there was a sky quake that made the stars and the moon shake and where there was a mountain that had a candy candy factory inside and houses that floated on balloons and unicorns that opened up treasure boxes and butterflies that carried people and kids that were born in eggs. And a white fire hydrant that made rainbows come out. And a special treasure box that had an on and off switch. And there were lots of special things that happened in King Jonah's Kingdom. There were even people that visited from a faraway kingdom where everyone dressed up as lions, and there were teenagers and there were snakes that floated on helium balloons. But nobody ever knew where King Jonah's magical kingdom came from or how to get there or what would happen to it. Well, this is the story of how King Jonah's Kingdom came to an end. King jonah's Kingdom was really popular. And all the kids that lived in the regular world that you and I live in always wanted to know how they could get tickets to go to King Jonah's Kingdom to visit and to see the place where kids got to drive Power Wheels through the streets and there were no regular cars. And grownups had to listen to kids and sit in grown up car seats in the back of the Power Wheels. Yeah, bud, I bet the grownups didn't want to go there, but kids were, like, trying to go there sometimes. Actually, grownups did want to go to visit King Jonah's Kingdom because they thought it was kind of like an amusement park or a fun place with rides that they could go to. Because the grownups knew that not only could they build kid playgrounds automatically using robots in King Jonah's Kingdom? But there could also be grownup playgrounds, which were much bigger than kids playgrounds and had big tree houses and zip lines between the tree houses and butterflies that carried grownups too. Well, one day in the regular world where you and I live, there was a kid who lost a tooth. And when the kid lost his tooth the next morning, she looked under her pillow to see if the tooth fairy left any money. But that night was a dark night, and it was very cold, and the tooth fairy was eager to get back home so she could make some hot soup and feed it to her friends. And the tooth fairy left a special ticket instead of a dollar or a quarter under a kid's pillow. When the girl woke up the next day, she wanted to see if there was, like, a quarter or some money or something that the tooth fairy left in exchange for her tooth. And when she saw there was a ticket that looked like a leaf from a tree, she woke up and showed it to her mom. And she ran to her mom with the ticket that looked like a leaf, and she said, mom, what is this? And her mom said that she didn't know. But the girl remembered that she once heard in a podcast from a long time ago. And she also read in a book that there was a magical kingdom ruled by a kid and that there were kinds of tickets in that kingdom that came from leaves of trees. And so the girl decided that she would save up the magic leaf ticket, and she would the next time it was windy, she would attach a string to it and hold the string and fly the leaf ticket just like a kite. So the girl went outside to a soccer field, and she saw that it was windy. And instead of flying a kite, she attached the leaf ticket to a long piece of dental floss. And the winds started to blow up the leaf ticket, and she held on tight, and the leaf ticket went all the way through the sky straight to king jonah's magical kingdom. And once the leaf ticket got to king Jonah's magical kingdom, there was a special elevator that opened. And the elevator was a glass elevator that anybody could see through. And it went from the sky all the way down to the soccer field where the girl was flying the leaf kite. And the girl saw the elevator appear, and she knew it was a magic elevator because it wasn't attached to a building or anything. And the girl got into the elevator, and the elevator took her all the way up through the sky to the floating magical kingdom where king Jonah was the ruler. When the girl got to the kingdom, she landed on top of the candy mountain, and king Jonah saw that there were some butterflies that found her. And the butterflies went to the unicorn, and a unicorn picked up the girl and gave her a ride down to the castle. And king Jonah asked the girl how she got to the kingdom and why she wasn't wearing pajamas like everyone else in the kingdom. And the girl said that there was an elevator that came out of the sky after she got a leaf from a tooth fairy, and she flew the leaf as a kite. And when the leaf got to the kingdom, the elevator appeared. And that's when king Jonah knew when he had climbed up the magical tree the other day in order to fix his laughing fit and to stop laughing, he shook a leaf out of the tree. And that leaf must have blown in the wind out of the kingdom all the way to where the tooth fairies live, next to the unicorns. And the tooth fairy must have put it in her pocket and left it under that kid's pillow that night. Well, once the kid got there, the secret kingdom was revealed. Jonah told the girl that she could take some candy. In fact, it could be some kit kat and lollipops and popcorn covered with caramel. And the girl could take the candy and bring it all the way back down to the planet earth. And when she was down the planet earth, she brought the candy back and she showed it to her mom. And her mom said, well, where did you go? And she showed her mom the elevator. And from that moment forth, all of the kids who lived in the regular world wanted to visit king Jonah's kingdom. King jonah decided that it wouldn't be fair if he kept his kingdom a secret and didn't let kids go. So he decided to install a sky train. And the sky train was instead of the elevator. And if any of the kids wanted to go to king Jonah's kingdom, all they would have to do was find the secret train station on earth that had a train that went out of the train station and flew in the air all the way to king Jonah's kingdom. And so all of the people in the regular world were really happy that the tooth fairy made that mistake and left the magical leaf that turned into the elevator that gave king Joan of the idea of having a permanent ChuChu train go from the planet earth all the way to his kingdom. Well, once the ChuChu train was established, there were all sorts of kids that would go on it and take rides. And it was a fun train. It was almost like a roller coaster, but not scary. And they would end up taking rides to king Jonah's kingdom. King Jonah was so happy seeing all the visitors, and all of the visitors liked to help and build new things that king Jonah decided he would make his kingdom come down and be on a secret island on earth. And so king Jonah asked the unicorns for help. And the unicorns gathered together and they helped tow the island out of the sky, and they put it in a secret island on earth. And that island, king Jonah's kingdom, still exists today. And if kids look at a map of the world and they look in a far corner in the blue part where there's lots of ocean, they might see a little green speck that doesn't look like it should be there or like it might have come from outer space. Well, that green speck is king Jonah's kingdom. And any kid who gets a chance should go there to visit one day. And king Jonah and the girl who visited and everyone else lived happily ever after. The end.