Once upon a time, King Jonah was walking around his kingdom, checking all the playgrounds to make sure there was enough space. A long time ago, his kingdom was shrinking, so he wanted to be sure. King Jonah also looked up at the sky, wondering if it was big enough to build little airports on the clouds. He had an idea to create floating airports for airplanes to land on while still flying and then take off again easily. He wanted to make sure there was enough space for that too.

But as he looked around in the sky, King Jonah saw something that worried him. There was a big straw coming down from outer space, going right to the blue lagoon in his kingdom where baby mermaids are born. The straw was really tall, reaching past the clouds, above the blue sky, and all the way to outer space. At the end of the straw was a green alien from another planet. The alien had seven legs and very silly eyes that could turn upside down and move up and down. The alien also had eyebrows on top of its nose, under its eyes.

The silly alien was drinking from the blue lagoon where the mermaids lived. As it drank, the mermaid water became more and more magical. Soon, the alien could make itself very small and went into the straw it was drinking from in outer space. The alien jumped off its planet, went through the straw, and arrived at King Jonah's kingdom where the blue lagoon and baby mermaids were.

When the green alien got out of the straw and into the blue lagoon, it had gained enough magic from the mermaids to look like one of them. Everyone thought the alien was just a regular mermaid. King Jonah noticed the straw in the sky, but he didn't see the alien go through it. So, he decided to walk all by himself, without Babalu, the general teddy bear that protected his kingdom, and without any of his friends in lion costumes, the troll, or the wizard. King Jonah walked alone, without even a unicorn by his side.

He stepped on different stones - red, green, and yellow ones. Whenever King Jonah stepped on a stone, a light would turn on from inside it, and the stone would change colors. Eventually, he reached the blue lagoon and noticed a tiny mermaid, even smaller than the other baby mermaids. It was about the size of a fly. King Jonah didn't know mermaids could be that small, so he decided to pick it up in a cup of water to keep it safe. Little did he know, it was the alien pretending to be a mermaid.

King Jonah looked at the cup of water and saw what looked like a regular, but small, mermaid. He decided to take it to his castle. Soon, his little brother, Prince Jesse, told him it was time for dinner. The royal chefs had prepared a yummy meal with milkshakes, sprinkles, whipped cream, chicken nuggets, ketchup, pizza, and peeled cucumbers. King Jonah looked forward to the delicious dinner and carried the little mermaid in the cup of water to the table.

At the dinner table, King Jonah took off his crown and robe. When he wasn't looking, the alien pretending to be a little mermaid swam out of the cup and started flying through the air like a tiny fly. King Jonah didn't see it because it was too small. The alien flew under King Jonah's crown and then started to grow bigger. It turned green, and everyone could see it wasn't a mermaid. Its eyes could turn upside down, and it had a mustache growing on top of its nose. The alien had seven arms, one coming out of its belly button, and another from its knees, so it could grab things with its legs.

The alien, wearing King Jonah's crown, opened its mouth and said, "I'm the new king of this kingdom, and everyone has to listen to what I say." Just as it said that, the alien's crown started to glow. King Jonah didn't know what to do. Was the alien the new king just because it had his crown?

King Jonah left the dinner table and went downstairs to the unicorn farm. He asked a unicorn to take him on a ride to the troll. The unicorn carried King Jonah through a forest filled with butterflies until they reached the troll bridge. King Jonah got off the unicorn and went to the troll, explaining what had happened with the tiny mermaid that turned into a green alien wearing his crown.

The troll listened and began to cry. When trolls cry, they shed golden tears. The troll collected its golden tears in a bowl and threw them at the roots of a magic tree. The tree grew a new kind of leaf - the green leaf of peace. The troll gave the leaf to King Jonah, who felt powerful again. The crown floated away from the alien's head, through the forest, and back onto King Jonah's head. His special cape also flew back onto him.

The alien disappeared up the straw back to outer space, and the straw went away too. The green leaf of peace, created by the troll's golden tears, saved the day. King Jonah was the king of his kingdom once again. Everyone was so happy, and they had a big parade in his honor. King Jonah and everyone in his kingdom lived happily ever after. The end.