Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Penelope and Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Tonight's makeup story is about King Jonah. In King Jonah's kingdom, in a faraway land, there was a six year old boy who is the king of the whole land. And he wore a crown and a red cape. And his magical kingdom had houses that floated on balloons, kids that drove power wheels. It had a candy factory that was built into a mountain. There were butterflies that could catch people. There were neighboring kingdoms that had people in lion costumes, and there were also snakes that floated on helium balloons. In King Jonah's kingdom, there is also a troll that lived under a troll bridge and a tree that grew golden and silver flowers. King Jonah also had mazes in his kingdom and treasure boxes. And they were unicorns that could open up the treasure box and stop skyquakes, which is when the sky starts to shake and the moon and stars start to fall. People sometimes turn invisible in King Jonah's kingdom and then they have to get visible again so people could see them. And in King Jonah's kingdom, there are so many nice things. Once upon a time, King Jonah was walking around his kingdom and he was looking at all of the playgrounds to make sure there was still enough space because a long time ago, his kingdom was shrinking. And as King Jonah was looking at the sky and seeing if it was big enough so that they could build little airports in the sky on the clouds, because the idea that King Jonah had was to build floating airports that airplanes could land on while they were still flying and then take off again really easily. And so King Jonah wanted to make sure there was enough space. But as he was looking around in the sky, king Jonah saw something that started to worry him. There was a big straw that was coming down. The straw was coming all the way from outer space and it was going right to the blue lagoon in his kingdom where baby mermaids are born. The straw looked really tall. It went past the clouds, it went on top of the blue sky, and it went all the way to outer space. And there was an alien from another planet that was green. And the alien had seven legs and the alien's eyes were very silly because they were able to turn upside down and his eyes could also his whole eye sockets moved up and down also. And the alien had silly eyes and had eyebrows that were on top of its nose, under its eyes. While the silly alien was drinking from the blue lagoon where the mermaids were from, and the alien, as he was drinking, the mermaid water was getting more and more magical. And soon the alien was able to make himself very small and he went into the straw that he was drinking from in outer space. And the alien jumped off of his planet in outer space into the straw and went through the straw all the way through outer space down to king jonah's kingdom where the blue lagoon was and where the mermaids were born. Well, the green alien, once he got out of the straw and into the blue lagoons with the baby mermaids, he had gotten enough magic from the mermaids that he started to look like a mermaid, and everyone would think that he's a regular mermaid. Well, king jonah noticed there was a straw in the sky, but he didn't see any kind of alien go through the straw. So king jonah walked all by himself, without babalu, the general, the teddy bear that protected his kingdom and without any of his allies, his friends in the lion costumes, and without the troll and without the wizard. King jonah walked all by himself without even a unicorn by his side. And he stepped on different stones, and there were red stones and green stones and Yellowstones. And whenever king jonah stepped on a stone, a light would turn on from inside the stone, and the stone would change colors. Well, king jonah got all the way to the blue lagoon, and he noticed that there was a little mermaid that was even littler than the other baby mermaids because this mermaid looked like it was just as big as about a fly or something like that. And king jonah didn't know that mermaids could get that small. So king jonah decided to pick it up in a cup of water so that the mermaid would stay safe. And secretly, king jonah didn't know it, but that was really the alien pretending to be a mermaid. King jonah looked at the cup of water and saw that it looked like a regular mermaid, but it was just small. So king jonah decided to take it into his castle. And then king jonah heard from his little brother, prince jesse, that it was going to be time for dinner soon and that all of the royal chefs in his castle had made a yummy dinner that included a milkshake with sprinkles and whipped cream and chicken nuggets with ketchup and pizza and also some cucumbers that were peeled. And king jonah was looking forward to having this kind of yummy dinner. And he went all the way to the dinner table carrying the little mermaid in the cup of water. And when he got to the dinner table, he saw that he still had his crown on and he still had his robe. So king jonah took off his crown for dinner, and he took off his robe. When king jonah wasn't looking, the alien that was pretending to be a little mermaid swam out of the cup of water and started flying through the air like a little fly. And king jonah didn't see because it was too small. And the alien that looked like a fly went right under King Jonah's crown. And then the alien started to get bigger, and you can see that it was really green and that it wasn't a mermaid and that its eyes could turn upside down and that it had a mustache that was growing on top of its nose. And you could see that the alien had seven arms, one of which came out of its belly button. The alien even had a different arm that came out of its knees, so it was able to grab things using its legs. And King Jonah saw that the alien had his crown on, and the alien opened his mouth and said, I'm the new king of this kingdom, and everyone has to listen to what I say. And just as he said that, the alien's crown started to glow. And King Jonah said, oh, no, because he didn't know what to do. Was the alien the new king just because it got his crown? Well, King Jonah decided to leave the dinner table with the chicken nuggets, with the pizza, with the ketchup, with the cucumbers, and King Jonah escaped out of the room all the way downstairs to the unicorn farm. When he got to the unicorn farm, he asked a unicorn to take him on a ride to the troll. And the unicorn gave King Jonah a ride through the forest that had all of the butterflies until they got to the troll bridge. When King Jonah got to the troll bridge, he got off of his unicorn, and he went down to the troll, and King Jonah asked the troll, mr. Troll, there was a teensy tiny kind of mermaid that I picked up in a cup of water because it didn't look regular. And then I took off my crown and my cape for dinner, and I turned around to start eating some chicken nuggets, and the little mermaid was really pretending, and it turned into a green alien with so many eyes wearing my crown, and now it says it is the king of my kingdom. And the troll looked at King Jonah, and the troll started to cry. I don't know if kids know this, but when trolls cry, they cry golden tears. As the troll was crying, he put a big bowl right under his eyes to capture the golden tears, and all of the troll's golden tears fell into a bowl. Then the troll stopped crying, and Jonah saw that the troll was really crying on purpose to make the golden tears. And then the troll threw the bowl of golden tears at the roots of the magic tree. And just as the troll did that, the magic tree grew a new kind of leaf. It was the green leaf of peace, and the green leaf of peace had a big circle in it. And King Jonah watched as the troll jumped up to the tree and grabbed the green leaf of peace and put it in King jonah's hand. When King Jonah had the green leaf of Peace in his hand, he felt powerful again. And the crown floated away from the alien's head through the forest, all the way back on King Jonah's head. And the special cape that King Jonah had also flew through the forest and went on King Jonah's back. The alien disappeared up the straw back to outer space and the straw itself went away because the green leaf of Peace that the Troll was able to make the tree grow using his golden tears saved the day and King ##na was the King of his kingdom once again. And everyone was so happy and they had a big parade in his honor. And King Jonah and everyone in his kingdom lived happily ever after. The End.