Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse lived in a house that was held up by ropes, attached to big trees, and right under the house, there was a river. When the wind blew, it used to sway the whole house just like a swing attached to the tree by the ropes on both sides. The bottom of the house had to be very secure because if it rained for many days, the river would start to get bigger, and it would get really close to the bottom of the house.

One night, Jesse and Jonah woke up from a bad dream. They saw that it was really dark, and Jesse needed to use the bathroom. He was a little bit scared to go by himself, but he decided to do it anyway. Jesse went to the bathroom and came back to his room. He saw that Jonah was awake too. Jonah asked, "Jesse, what are you doing?" Jesse pointed outside and said, "Look, the river is getting so big that our whole house is underwater, and the ropes that attach our house are being pulled so hard." Jonah looked outside and saw that the river was so big, it went all the way on top of the house. They were lucky that all the windows were closed because none of the river's water was going inside the house, and everyone could breathe because there was so much air in the house, but they were underwater.

Jonah told Jesse that they should go to their parents' room. They walked down the dark hallway and opened the door very quietly to their mom and dad's room. Jesse and Jonah woke up their mom, Amanda, and said, "Mom, there's a river that's flooding our house." Amanda got up and said, "Guys, this is a real emergency because our house is underwater. We need some help." Jesse asked if he should press the secret button in the toy room because they had a yellow button under the carpet in the toy room for emergencies. Amanda said that was a good idea.

So Jesse and Jonah raced to the toy room, lifted the carpet, and Jesse pressed the yellow emergency button. Right after he pressed the button, a siren started to go off in the house, and it woke up their dad, Steve. Steve heard the siren and came running to the toy room, asking, "What happened? What happened?" Jesse and Jonah showed him that the house was underwater. They told Steve and Amanda that help was on its way because they pressed the yellow button.

Sure enough, Jesse and Jonah could see through a skylight on top of their house that outside of the river, the biggest monster truck in town was coming to the rescue. The monster truck's wheels were so big that one side was on one side of the river, and the other side was on the other side of the river. In the front of the monster truck, there was a big crane with a rope and a hook. Jesse and Jonah looked through the skylight as they saw the hook come down from the crane attached to the monster truck. It went all the way down to their house and picked it up, lifting it out of the raging river. Jonah and Jesse's house was suspended in the air, floating as it was attached to the crane, which was attached to the engine of the monster truck.

But suddenly there was lightning, and thunder, and the rain started to pour down even harder. It was raining so hard that even umbrellas would break. The monster truck's wheels tried to turn, but they got stuck in some mud. Jesse and Jonah knew that they would need even more help. So Jesse pressed the yellow button again. Soon the monster truck started to float. It floated through the storm, going higher and higher in the air until it got on top of the thunderstorm where there were blue skies. The monster truck was carrying their house, and the house was swinging through the air.

Jesse and Jonah told Steve and Amanda that they were probably going to an interesting place with no storms. But Jesse didn't really know where the monster truck was taking them because he couldn't talk to the monster truck from the house since the house was attached to the crane, and the monster truck engine was really noisy. So Jesse and Jonah looked out the window until they finally saw where the monster truck was going to land their house. The monster truck was bringing their house to a town between some mountains, and the whole town was made up of lots of tents. There were small tents for two people, one tent as big as a mountain, and tents shaped like popsicle sticks, umbrellas, and all sorts of special designs.

Jonah and Jesse were very happy when their house landed in this tent city because Jesse knew that he was finally going to test out the magic dot. Everybody knew about the magic dot. It was in yellow tents, and if you went into a yellow tent in this city, at the very top of the tent, there was a yellow dot. You had to use a ladder to reach it because it was hard for kids to reach. When you pressed the yellow dot, you became little, and you fell down. After you hit the ground, you became big again. If you touched it again, it made you get little and fall down, and then when you touched the ground, you got big again. It was a game that lots of different kids liked to play.

There was a long line of kids by the yellow tent who all wanted to climb up the ladder, touch the yellow dot, and then they would get so little and fall down. When they touched the ground, they would get big again. It was a really fun ride, and most of the kids needed tickets to get on that ride. But Jesse and Jonah didn't need tickets because they just got there on an adventure. Jesse and Jonah decided to move to that town, and they and their family lived happily ever after. The end.

Thanks for listening to this story.