Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse used to live in a house that was held up by ropes, and the house was attached to a lot of big trees, and right under the house, there was a river. And when the wind blew, it used to blow the whole house just like it was a swing attached to the tree by the ropes on both sides. And the bottom of the house had to be very secure, because if it rained for a lot of days, then the river would start to get bigger, and it would get really close to the bottom of the house.

One day, Jesse and Jonah woke up in the middle of the night. They had had a nightmare, and when they woke up, they saw that it was really dark, and Jesse needed to use the bathroom. He was a little bit scared to go to the bathroom by himself, but he decided to do it anyway. And Jesse went to the bathroom and made peepee. After he finished going to the bathroom, Jesse went back to his room, and he saw that Jonah was up also. And Jonah went out of his room, and he said, "Jesse, what are you doing?" And Jesse pointed to the outside of his house, and he said, "Look, the river is getting so big that our whole house is underwater, and the ropes that attach our house are being pulled so hard." And Jonah looked outside, and he could see that the river was so big, it went all the way on top of the house. And he was lucky that all the windows were closed, because none of the river's water was going inside the house, and everyone could breathe because there was so much air in the house, but they were underwater.

Jonah told Jesse that they should go to their parents' room. And Jonah and Jesse walked down the hallway, the dark hallway, and they opened up the door very quietly to their mom and dad's room. And Jesse and Jonah woke up Amanda, and they said, "Mom, there's a river that's flooding our house." And Amanda got up, and she said, "Guys, this is a real emergency because our house is underwater. We need some help." And Jesse asked if he should press the secret button in the toy room because they did have a yellow button that was under the carpet in the toy room for just such an emergency. And Amanda said that that was a good idea.

So Jesse and Jonah raced to the toy room, and they picked up the carpet, and Jesse pressed the yellow emergency button. Right after he pressed the button, a siren started to go in the house, and it woke up their dad, Steve. And Steve heard the siren, and he came running out to the toy room, and he said, "What happened? What happened?" And Jesse and Jonah said, "Look." And he saw that the house was underwater. And Jesse and Jonah told Steve and Amanda that help was on its way because they pressed the yellow button.

And sure enough, Jesse and Jonah could see through a skylight on top of their house that outside of the river, there was the biggest monster truck in town that was coming to the rescue. The monster truck's wheels were so big that one side of the monster truck was on one side of the river, and the other side of the monster truck was on the other side of the river. And in the front of the monster truck, there was a big crane that came out, and at the bottom of the crane, there was a rope with a hook. And Jesse and Jonah looked through the skylight of their house as they saw the hook come down from the crane that was attached to the monster truck. And it went all the way down to their house and picked it up. And it picked it up out of the raging river. And Jonah and Jesse's house was being suspended in the air, and it was floating as it was attached to the crane, which was attached to the engine of the monster truck.

But suddenly there was lightning, and there was the clap of thunder, and the water started to come down even harder. It was raining so hard, even umbrellas would break because there was so much rain. And the monster truck's wheels tried to turn, but they got even stuck in some mud. And Jesse and Jonah knew that they would need even more help. And so Jesse pressed the yellow button again. And soon the monster truck started to float. And the monster truck floated through the storm, and it went higher and higher in the air until it got on top of the thunderstorm where there were blue skies and the monster truck was carrying their house, and the house was swinging through the air.

And Jesse and Jonah told Steve and Amanda that they were probably going to an interesting place where, like, there were no storms. But Jesse didn't really know where the monster truck was taking them because he couldn't speak to the monster truck from the house since the house was attached to the crane. And the monster truck engine is really noisy. And so Jesse and Jonah looked out the window until they finally saw where the monster truck was going to land their house. The monster truck was bringing their house to a town that was in between some mountains, and the whole town was made up of a lot of tents. Some of the tents were like little tents for, like, two people, but they also had one tent that was as big as a mountain, and they had tents that were shaped like popsicle sticks, and they had tents that were shaped like umbrellas, and they had tents that had all sorts of special designs.

And Jonah and Jesse were very happy when their house landed in this tent city, because when the house landed in the tent city, Jesse knew that he was finally going to get to test out the magic dot. Everybody knew about the magic dot. The magic dot was the thing that exists in yellow tents. And if you go into a yellow tent in this city that was made of just tents, then in the very top of the tent, you have to use a ladder to get to it. It's hard for kids to reach. At the very top of the tent, there's a yellow dot. And then when you press that yellow dot, then what happens is you become little, and you fall down. And then after you hit the ground, you become big again. And then if you touch it again, it makes you get little and fall down. And then when you touch the ground, you get big again. And it was a game that lots of different kids like to play.

And so there was a long line of kids by the yellow tent that all wanted to climb up the ladder, touch the yellow dot, and top, and then they would get so little, and they would fall down. And then when they touched the ground, then they would get big again. And it was a really fun ride, and most of the kids needed tickets to get into that ride. But Jesse and Jonah didn't need tickets, because they just got there on adventure. And Jesse and Jonah decided to move to that town, and they and their family lived happily ever after. The end.

Thanks for listening to make that story.