Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Lucy. Lucy lived with her parents in an apartment building where they weren't allowed to have any big pets. Lucy always asked her mom and dad when they could have a big doggie or something as their pet. Her parents told her that she could have a big pet when she turned eight years old and they moved into a special house made of graham crackers.

Lucy asked her mom, "Does that mean the walls are made of graham crackers?" Her mom said yes. Lucy wondered how they could have windows since graham cracker windows couldn't be seen through. Her mom explained that they had special ice cube windows and Popsicle doors. When you pushed the Popsicle, the door opened, and instead of a buzzer to ring the bell, there was a Popsicle stick that you pushed.

In the special graham cracker house, there was a person who looked like a duck but had a human face. Instead of saying quack, quack like a duck, they always said, "Your chocolate is ready for you." They brought out chocolate on a big plate, sometimes chocolate chips, chocolate kisses, or even chocolate bars.

One day, Lucy turned eight years old, and her mom got a moving truck. The truck didn't have an engine because an elephant pulled it. The elephant was strong enough to pull all of their things to the graham cracker house.

When they got to the graham cracker house, Lucy's mom told her, "Lucy, you've waited so long to have a big pet, and finally, the time has arrived. I got you a little pet chicken." Lucy was sad because she wanted a pet wolf.

Lucy took the chicken inside and fed it corn. When the chicken got to Lucy's room, it started to talk. The chicken said, "Hi, Lucy. My name is Chickadee. I'm a very special chicken because if you put a magic blanket on me, I will turn into a wolf." Lucy found the magic blanket under her pillow and put it on Chickadee. The chicken turned invisible, but Lucy heard howling. The invisible wolf said, "My name is Chickadee the Chicken. I'm now a wolf. To see me, you need to put on magic glasses." Lucy found the magic glasses by the ice cube window and put them on. She could now see her pet wolf that used to be a chicken.

Lucy was so happy because a pet wolf was her favorite thing. She knew she could always be protected and go into the woods by herself because wolves are strong and awesome. Lucy decided she could go with the wolf some places when her mom said it was okay, but she wouldn't go all the way to the North Pole because polar bears could be even stronger than wolves.

Lucy and Chickadee the Wolf went on an adventure. They left the graham cracker house and walked down the street made of magnet tiles. They saw a kitty cat in trouble and decided to help. The kitty cat was hungry and needed treats, but a mean doggie was barking at it. Lucy took off the invisible magic blanket, and the wolf told the mean doggie to go away. The kitty cat thanked Lucy and Chickadee for being heroes.

Lucy invited the kitty cat to her house, and the kitty cat brought its special Teddy Bear named Pootie Docks. They all went back to Lucy's house, where they had lots of kitty treats waiting. Lucy and her parents lived happily ever after with their secret wolf that became invisible when she put the magic blanket on it, and only she could see it when she used her magic glasses. The end.