Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Lucy. And Lucy lived with her parents in an apartment building. And in the apartment building, they had a rule that they weren't allowed to have any big pets. Lucy always asked her mama and dadda when they could have a big doggie or something to be their pet. And Lucy's mom and dad always said that Lucy could have a big kind of pet when she turned eight years old and they moved into a special house that was made of graham crackers. And Lucy asked her mom, "Does that mean the walls are made of graham crackers?" And Lucy's mom said yes. And Lucy said, "Well, how could they have windows? Because windows that are made out of graham crackers, you can't see through them." And Lucy's mom told Lucy that they had special ice cube windows, and you can see out of the ice cube windows. And Lucy's mom also told Lucy that they had special Popsicle doors, where if you pushed the Popsicle, then the door opened, and instead of a buzzer to ring the bell, there was a Popsicle stick that you pushed. And in the special graham cracker house, Lucy and then the Popsicle bumped into a bell. Yes, the Popsicle bumped into a bell when you pushed the Popsicle, and then it went dingling, and the door opened. And in this house, there was a special person who looked like a ducky but had a person face. And the person, instead of saying quack, quack like a ducky, always used to say, "Your chocolate is ready for you." And they used to bring chocolate out on a big plate, and sometimes they were chocolate chips, and sometimes the duck brought little chocolate kisses, and sometimes the duck even brought chocolate bars. One time, the duck brought a kind of yummy chocolate called KitKat and lots of yummy things. So Lucy was getting ready to move into this because one day she turned eight years old and her mom got the moving truck. And the moving truck didn't have any engine because there was an elephant that pulled it. And the elephant was strong enough to pull all of the things. And the elephant pulled all of their packages in the truck because the truck had no engine until they got to the graham cracker house. When they got to the graham cracker house, Lucy's mom told her, "Lucy, you've waited so long to have a big pet, and finally the time has arrived. For now, we live in the graham cracker house. I got you a little pet chicken." And Lucy got sad because Lucy likes chickens. But it really wasn't the kind of pet that she was hoping for. Lucy wanted a pet wolf. Well, Lucy took the chicken inside and she started feeding it little pieces of corn, which the chicken liked. When the chicken got into Lucy's room, the chicken started to talk. Now, this was the first time that Lucy had ever seen a chicken that could talk. And the chicken said, "Hi, Lucy. My name is Chickadee. And Chickadee the chicken is a very special chicken because if you put a magic blanket on top of me, then I will turn into a wolf." And Lucy asked where a magic blanket was, and Chickadee the Chicken said that there was a magic blanket under her pillow. So Lucy looked right under her pillow and she saw a magic blanket that had glitter on it. And she put the magic blanket on top of the chicken, and she picked up the magic blanket. And do you know what she saw? What? Nothing. It was invisible. But she heard some howling. And the howling went and it sounded like a wolf. And it was coming from right where the chicken was. And suddenly a wolf started talking. And the wolf said, "My name is Chickadee the Chicken. I'm now a wolf. But the magic blanket, which had glitter on it, makes me an invisible wolf." And Lucy said, "Well, then how can I see you?" And Chickadee the chicken, who became an invisible wolf told Lucy she needed to put on magic glasses. So Lucy looked right by the ice cube window and found the magic glasses. And she put them on. And then she was able to see she had a real pet wolf that used to be a chicken but turned into a pet wolf because of the magic blanket. And Lucy was so happy because a pet wolf was her favorite thing. And if she had a pet wolf, Lucy knew that she could always be protected and she could always go into the woods by herself because wolves are so strong and awesome. Not always in snowy places. What about Polar? What about bears? Yes. Lucy decided that she could go alone with the wolf some places when her mama said it was okay. But she wouldn't go all the way to the North Pole because sometimes polar bears could be even stronger than wolves, so she would avoid certain kinds of places. Well, she told Chickadee her wolf, the wolf that used to be a chicken that adults couldn't see because it was invisible, but Lucy could see because she had her magic glasses. She told Chickadee the Wolf that they should go off on an adventure. And Lucy and Chickadee went out of their graham cracker house, and they closed the door and pressed the Popsicle stick button, and the door closed. And Lucy's mom called out to her and said, "Lucy, where are you going?" And Lucy told her mom that she was going on an adventure with the wolf. And her mom said, "Well, I can't see any wolf with you, Lucy." And Lucy said, "Mom, that's because the wolf is invisible. Grownups can't see the wolf. Only kids can. And for kids to see it, they have to put on magic glasses." And Lucy's mama said, "Okay, but don't go too far." And Lucy said, "Okay." Well, she realized she didn't have any leash for the wolf, so she decided to tell her mom that her mom should give her a rope, and she would use the rope as a leash. Well, her mom found a rope in the garage and gave Lucy the rope, and she tied the rope around Chickadee the wolfie. Did she tell the wolf? Yeah. And she told Chickadee the wolf. And the wolf was okay with having a leash. And they started setting off on an adventure. First, they had to open the gate that separated the graham cracker house. Was the gate made out of chopped up little pieces of gritter crackle? No. This gate, it was a candy cane gate. All of the parts of the gate, instead of having regular wooden stuff, it had candy cane. And the part that held the gate together was eminem's. And so Lucy opened up the gate. How did they make sure the Kcat doesn't bite down the house? And so Lucy opened up the gate, and she started walking down the street. Now, the street in this town that she moved to in the graham cracker house was a pretty silly street because the street was just made out of magnet tiles, and they were all magnetic and they were different colors. And she started walking down the street with her wolf, Chickadee. And as they walked, they saw that there was a kitty cat in trouble, and they decided to go help the kitty cat. And the kitty cat was so hungry that it needed some kitty treats. Well, there was also a mean doggie that was woof woofing at the kitty cat. And Lucy took off the invisible magic blanket on the wolf. And the wolf said, "Go away, mean doggy." And the mean doggie got scared of the wolf and went away. And the kitty cat said to Lucy and to the pet wolf that Lucy and Chickadee the wolf were a hero. So Lucy told the kitty cat that it could go back to their house. And the kitty cat said that he didn't want to go alone because he had a special stuffy, Teddy Beer named Pootie Docks that he wanted to bring with him. And Lucy said that the kitty cat can bring Pootie Docks back to their graham cracker house. And they all started heading back to the cram cracker house. Lucy with the magic glasses. The wolfie named Chickadees Canes that they used were just really big candy canes. That's right. And they used very big candy canes for the gate. And Lucy and the kitty cat and the wolf and Poody Docks, the stuffy went all the way back to Lucy's house where they had a lot of kitty treats waiting, and the kitty cat didn't want to eat the graham cracker house. And Lucy and her parents lived happily ever after. And Lucy always had a secret wolf that became invisible when she put the magic blanket on it, and only she could see it when she used her magic glasses. And Lucy and her family lived happily ever after. The end.