My name is Landon. My name is Nathaniel.com. You join the Makeup Stories club. Okay, Jesse, what do you want the story to be about tonight? A heater that can actually, when you turn it on cold, it can make the horn tile world iceberg. Oh, my gosh. A heater that when you turn it on cold, it makes the whole world an iceberg. So maybe kind of like an air conditioner. That's so strong. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse. And Jesse was walking beside a garden one day when he saw that it was getting kind of foggy and the sun was setting very quickly. One moment it was the middle of the day, and then you could see the sun zooming down the sky. And there were sunset colors in the sky, like orange and pink. And then it just got dark, and the fog was all around Jesse. And there was a full moon in the sky. And next to some tulips in the garden that's a kind of flower, there appeared a magician. And the magician told Jesse that he stepped on a magic kind of flower that woke him up and that that magician had been sleeping for 10,000 years. The magician was wearing a red robe, and he had a shirt that was made out of a tablecloth. And the magician told Jesse that because Jesse woke up the magician, he was going to give Jesse a special seed. And he told Jesse to open his hand. And Jesse opened his hand, and the magician gave Jesse a little seed that looked a little bit like it was the shape of a person. And then the magician ran away. And after the magician ran away, the moon fell out of the sky and it dropped in a lake. And suddenly the sun came up again. And there were pretty sunrise colors like orange. And this time, there was also green in the sky. And the fog lifted, and Jesse saw his parents were right behind him. And Jesse's mom said, Where did you go? And Jesse told his mom about how it became nighttime and about the magician who was sleeping for 10,000 years and who gave him a seed that was the shape of a person. And Jesse's mom asked Jesse what he was going to do with it. Jesse told his mom that he was going to plant the seed. When he got back home, he would plant it in his house. And so Jesse's mom took him in the car. Jesse went in the car seat, and they drove back home. When they got home, Jesse went outside to his backyard, and he used a little shovel to dig a little bit by some grass. And then he put the little seed that the magician gave him in the ground, and he covered it up with some dirt. And then he got a hose, and he started watering the seed and then jesse went back inside. Jesse told his mom that it would probably take a really long time for the seed to grow, because it was a magic seed, and a lot of times, magic seeds don't even work. And jesse's mom said, jesse, look outside. And jesse turned around, and he saw that the seed was already growing out of the ground. There was a tree that was growing very quickly. And the tree had a big tree trunk made of wood, and it also had branches that were growing so quickly. The tree was getting taller than the house that jesse lived in. And instead of having leaves on it, the tree grew people. It was a person tree. And the people that were growing on the tree all wore magic capes. Some of them had wizard hats. One of them had a special magic box, and a couple of them had pointy green shoes. Jesse couldn't believe it. So he got his older brother jonah, and he said, jonah, look. There's a people tree outside. And jonah asked, what happened? And jesse told jonah about the magician that was sleeping for 10,000 years and how the magician gave him a seed and how he planted it. And jonah said, jesse, this is incredible. And just as he said that, he and jesse opened the glass door to look outside. And they saw all of the people jump all of off of the people tree. And when the people jumped off of the people tree, they held hands and went in a circle right on top of jonah and jesse's head. The people weren't so big. They were about the size of elves. And they started singing a song in a language that was hard for people to understand. And jesse told jonah that the language they were speaking was the same language he thought that the magician that was asleep for 10,000 years used to speak. And jesse told jonah that now they had magicians, and now they had wizards, and now they had sorcerers, and now they had nice witches, and they had all sorts of people that were on their team. And jesse told them to stop dancing. And suddenly, all of the wizards and sorcerers and magicians and nice witches stopped dancing. And jesse told them to go down. And they all went down on the ground next to jonah and jesse. And jesse told them, clean up my room. And they all rushed inside, and one of the magicians waved his magic wand, and suddenly jesse and jonah's room was clean. And jesse said, make me some toys. And poof. There was a power wheels. There was all sorts of fun toys that appeared, including a life sized lightning McQueen and a doll house that you could go inside. And when you went inside, you would turn invisible. But it was such a hot day. It was so hot that the sun was beating down, and it was hard to stay outside so Jesse asked one of the wizards to make it colder. And this wizard was dressed in a special cold looking outfit that had pictures of ice cubes on it. And that person said, okay. And he started blowing out some air with his mouth. And when he blew out the air, a really cold wind went in all over Wanica, New Zealand, which is where Jesse and Jonah live. And it got colder and colder until everything froze. And then Jesse said, so you could control the temperature and the weather. And the magician said that Jesse could, too. And the magician gave Jesse a special air conditioner, which had a button that said hot and another button that said cold. And he told Jesse to press the cold button. And Jesse pressed the cold button, and suddenly a big cold wind came from outer space, and the whole earth turned into a giant ice cube. And even Jesse and Jonah were frozen. And Jesse was worried that he would be stuck in the ice cube forever. But luckily, one of the nice witches saw that Jesse and Jonah and all of the other people on earth were stuck in an ice cube. And so she pressed the heat button, and the heater turned back on, and the earth became its normal temperature. Jesse and Jonah told one of the magicians to make the people tree invisible so nobody else could see it. And Jonah also told the magician to make all of the wizards and sorcerers and nice witches invisible also, so nobody could see them. And for the rest of their lives, jonah and Jesse had a secret group of magicians and sorcerers and wizards and nice witches that did whatever they said. And Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end. Oh, yeah. My name is Kencho. Thank you for listening to makeup stories. If you want to be part of the club, go to makeup stories.com. Tell your friends you.