Once upon a time, a long time ago, in a faraway kingdom, there lived a six-year-old boy named King Jonah who ruled a whole magical kingdom. In this magical kingdom, there were lots of fun things, like kids driving toy cars, butterflies that carried people, a friendly troll with a golden leaf and a silver leaf living under a bridge, and lots of unicorns and treasure boxes with switches that controlled skyquakes. There were also things that could make people invisible and mazes where you could find special treasures. There was a candy factory inside a mountain, and clouds that rained grape juice, strawberry juice, and even orange juice.

All the kids in King Jonah's kingdom wore pajamas all day. That's why it was known far and wide as the Pajama Kingdom. Many people in different countries knew about the kid who was the king of this kingdom. Some people thought, "It's not fair that a kid should be a king. Only grownups should be kings." In one of the faraway kingdoms, people dressed up in lion costumes instead of wearing pajamas. Everyone in that kingdom was called the Lion People. The Lion People were very friendly, and they liked to make bridges out of dental floss. They had big claws, but they only used them for digging. They never tried to hurt anybody.

One of the lions from the Lion Costume Kingdom knew King Jonah's dad. That lion decided to visit King Jonah's kingdom to tell him that the lions needed to visit his kingdom because his dad said so. One day, as King Jonah was walking around his kingdom, he saw many special kinds of flowers. Some flowers could eat flies and turn them into candies. There were different types of flowers that could walk around, and one of the flowers was in the shape of a mermaid. That kind of flower grew in the Mermaid Lagoon. The Mermaid Lagoon was a clear lake in King Jonah's kingdom where all the mermaids that lived in the ocean were born. It was a place with blue water where you could see baby mermaids, toddler mermaids, little girl mermaids, and boy mermaids too.

In the Mermaid Lagoon in King Jonah's kingdom, all the mermaids jumped out of the water and said, "King Jonah, King Jonah. We heard an underwater secret from across the ocean, and the Lion Costume People are coming to your kingdom." King Jonah asked the mermaids if the Lion Costume People would be nice. The mermaid said, "Yes, they're going to be nice." King Jonah said okay. Then King Jonah went to his army of teddy bears. The teddy bear army looked like stuffed animals, but they could really walk, and they were really big, and they were good soldiers. King Jonah told his army to get ready because the Lion Costume People from across the world were coming for a visit. All the stuffed teddy bears that protected King Jonah's kingdom stood at attention, and they grabbed their shields and all the different things they used in battles.

King Jonah marched around the kingdom, and he told General Babaloo to sound the alarm and ring the bell. A big bell rang from the top of a tower, going, "ding dong, ding dong." All the kids wore their finest pajamas. They decided that if the Lion Costume People were coming, they had to be prepared for something, but nobody knew what they had to be prepared for. King Jonah saw some Lion Costume People flying in on reindeer in the sky on the other side of the castle walls. They flew over the castle walls and through the grape juice clouds. The Lion Costume People were headed straight for King Jonah's palace.

As the Lion Costume People got close, Babaloo, the general of the teddy bear army, told King Jonah everyone was prepared. Four of the Lion Costume People and their reindeer landed on a cobblestone street behind the castle. The Lion Costume People were quickly surrounded by all the teddy bears in King Jonah's army. The teddy bears got their shields ready. Then the King Lion got off the reindeer and told King Jonah that he needed to have a party because he was here to be nice and form an alliance. The King Lion didn't want to make a war. He came over because he wanted to make a friendship and decide that the King Lion and all the Lion Costume People in the other kingdom would always help and be loyal to King Jonah and his Pajama Kingdom. That's why the mermaids had told King Jonah earlier that they were really coming to be nice and not to start a war.

King Jonah told the Lion Costume Person, "Then it's time for a party." Just as he said that, all the teddy bears started to make a little fire come out of their mouths and began juggling marshmallows. They would throw a marshmallow up in the air, breathe out a little fire, and the marshmallow would get a little crispy and toasty. Then some other teddy bears grabbed graham crackers and chocolate, and they made s'mores. King Jonah and the Costume Lion People shared some s'mores and decided the kingdoms would always protect each other. The King Lion was surprised that King Jonah knew they were coming. He said, "I thought we were coming here as a surprise and that you didn't know if we were going to be friends or not." King Jonah told the King Lion that there was a place, a lagoon, a body of water, of blue water in his kingdom where mermaids were born. There was a secret tunnel from the lagoon to the ocean, and a mermaid told him the truth.

The King Lion said, "That was very funny." He was so happy that King Jonah had mermaids in his kingdom. The King Lion said he was going to go back to his kingdom. King Jonah told them to pack some candy for the road. He gave them some candy that the wizard had waiting for King Jonah. In the wizard's hat, there were all sorts of KitKats for the Lion Costume People to bring back to their kingdom. They left. King Jonah and everyone in his kingdom lived happily ever after. The end.