Welcome to makeup stories. My name's Audrey. Made up stories is the best podcast ever. Once upon a time, a long time ago, in a kingdom far away, there lived a six year old boy who was the king of a whole magical kingdom. And in the magical kingdom, there were lots of fun things, like kids who drove power wheels, butterflies that carried people, a troll with a golden leaf and a silver leaf that lived under a beat under a bridge, and also a lot of unicorns and treasure boxes with switches that turn skyquakes on and off. There were also things that could make people invisible and mazes where you could find special things. There was a candy factory that was dug into a mountain, and there were clouds that rained grape juice and strawberry juice and even orange juice. Well, all of the kids who lived in king Jonah's kingdom used to get to wear pajamas all day. And that is why king Jonah's kingdom was known far and wide throughout the whole of earth as the pajama kingdom. And a lot of people in different countries knew that there was a kid who is the king of this kingdom. And some people thought, well, it's not fair that a kid should be a king. Only grownups should be kings. And in one of the kingdoms far away, there were people who didn't have to wear pajamas, but instead dressed up in lion costumes. And everyone in that kingdom were known as the lion people. The lion people were very friendly, and the lion people liked to make bridges out of dental floss. The lion people had big claws, but they only used their claws to dig. They never tried to hurt anybody. But one of the lions from the lion costume kingdom was a lion who knew king Jonah's dad. And that lion decided to go to king Jonah's kingdom to tell king Jonah that the lions needed to go in his kingdom because his dad said so. Well, one day, king Jonah was walking around his kingdom, and as he was walking around his kingdom, he was looking at all of the flowers, and he can see there were special kinds of flowers. And some of the flowers could eat flies and turn the flies into candies. There were different types of flowers that were able to walk about, and one of the flowers was in the shape of a mermaid. That kind of flower grew in the mermaid lagoon. The mermaid lagoon was a little clear lake in king Jonah's kingdom where all of the mermaids that go in the ocean are born. And so it was a place with blue water where you could see baby mermaids and toddler mermaids and little girl mermaids, and there were boy mermaids also. And in the blue lagoon in king Jonah's kingdom, all of the mermaids jumped out of the water, and they started to say, king Jonah, king Jonah. We heard an underwater secret from across the ocean, and the lion costume people are coming for your kingdom. And king Jonah asked the mermaids if the lion costume people would be nice. And the mermaid said, yes, they're going to be nice. And king Jonah said okay. And then king Jonah went to his army of teddy bears. And the army of teddy bears looked like stuffy animals, but they could really walk and they were really big and they were good soldiers. And king Jonah told his army to get ready because there were lion costume people from across the world who were coming for a visit. And all of the stuffies the teddy bears that protected king Jonah's kingdom stood at attention and they grabbed their shields and all of the different things that they brought to wars. And king Jonah marched around the kingdom, and he told the general Babaloo to sound the alarm and ring the bell. And there's a big bell that was dinging from the top of a tower and going, ding dong, ding dong. And all of the kids were wearing their finest pajamas. All of the kids decided that if the lion costume people were coming, then they had to be prepared for something, but nobody knew what they had to be prepared for. Well, King Jonah could see some of the lion costume people flying in on reindeer in the sky on the other side of the castle walls. And the lion costume people flew over the castle walls, and they flew right through the grape juice clouds. And the lion costume people were headed straight for king Jonah's palace. As the lion costume people got close, Babaloo, the general of the teddy bear army, told king Jonah everyone was prepared. And four of the lion costume people and the reindeer landed in a street behind the castle. The street was full of cobblestone, and it was strong and hard. And the lion costume people were quickly surrounded by all of the teddy bears in king Jonah's army. And the teddy bears got their shields ready. And then the king lion got off of the reindeer, and the king lion said to king Jonah that he needed to have a party because he was here to be nice and to form an alliance. The king lion didn't want to make a war. The king lion came over because he wanted to make a friendship and to decide that the king lion and all of the lion costume people in the other kingdom would always help and be loyal to king Jonah and his pajama kingdom. And that's why the mermaids had told king Jonah earlier that they were really coming to be nice and not to start a war. And king Jonah told the lion costume person, then it's time for a party. And just as he said that, all of the teddy bears started to make a little bit of fire come out of their mouth, and they started juggling marshmallows. And they would throw a marshmallow up in the air and breathe out a little bit of fire, and the marshmallow would get a little bit crisp and a little bit burnt and toasty. And then some of the other teddy bears would grab some graham crackers and some chocolate, and they would make s'mores. And king jonah and the costume lion people shared some s'mores and decided the kingdoms would always protect each other. The king lion was surprised that king jonah knew that they were coming. And he said, I thought we were coming here as a surprise and that you didn't know if we were going to be friends or not. And king jonah told the king lion that there was a place, a lagoon, a body of water, of blue water in his kingdom where mermaids were born. And there was a secret tunnel from the lagoon to the ocean, and that a mermaid told him the truth. And the king lion said, that was very funny. And he was so happy that king jonah had mermaids in his kingdom. And the king lion said he was going to go back to his kingdom. And king jonah told them to pack some candy for the road. And he gave them some candy that the wizard had waiting for king jonah. And in wizard's hat, there was all sorts of KitKats for the lion costume people to bring back to their kingdom. And they left. And king jonah and everyone in his kingdom lived happily ever after. The end.