Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a three-year-old boy named Ellis. One day, Ellis and his mama went to the playground. When they arrived, Ellis saw something very, very silly. The seesaw was seesawing by itself, the swings were moving with nobody on them, and the climbing structure was rocking back and forth. Ellis asked his mom, "Mom, are there ghosts on the seesaw, climbing structure, and swings because it's Halloween?" Ellis's mama said, "No, I think there's an earthquake, and it's shaking the whole playground."

Just then, they saw a big hole in the ground next to the slide, which was a sinkhole caused by the earthquake. The earthquake made a big hole at the end of the slide. But this was really silly because when the hole opened up, they saw a secret part of the slide with water on it. It was like a slip-and-slide that went all the way underground. Ellis asked his mom if they could investigate, and she agreed. Luckily, she had a flashlight.

So they carefully looked into the sinkhole, making sure not to fall. They saw that the slide went down and that it was safe. There were even helmets by the edge of the sinkhole. Ellis and his mama put on helmets and slid down from the top of the playground slide to the bottom of the sinkhole.

When they reached the bottom, they saw something really special: an underground city full of bunny rabbits. The rabbits were dressed like people and wore bunny rabbit pajamas. They lived in a city made of Silly Putty. There were Silly Putty buses, Silly Putty houses, and even Silly Putty carrots for the bunnies to eat.

In the underground city, the rabbits drove race cars that looked like Lightning McQueen. They also had doggies as pets, like Paw Patrol doggies such as Chase on the case and others. Rabbit on the Case was one of the rabbits in charge. There was a little Prince Elsa that you could watch on a rabbit computer because the rabbits had computers with different keyboards.

There were lakes in the underground sinkhole with rubber duckies instead of real duckies. There were bridges made of Lego to go from one side of the lake to the other. It was so beautiful because Ellis saw candy flowers as he walked around the underground Rabbit City.

Unfortunately, Ellis saw a rabbit named Ribby Rabbit coughing. Ellis asked, "Ribby Rabbit, why are you coughing?" Ribby Rabbit said, "I'm coughing because I got some germs." Ellis asked, "What germs did you get?" Ribby Rabbit said there was a slimy coronavirus monster made of green Play-Doh. When the monster got in his mouth, it made him cough. So Ellis gave Ribby Rabbit a cough drop, which tasted yummy. The rabbit said, "Thank you."

Ellis saw the Slimy Coronavirus monster floating through the air. He told all the rabbits, "We need to work together and catch the monster with butterfly nets. Then we'll put it in a special jail, and it will go away." All the rabbits said, "Yay."

They went in their Lightning McQueen cars and rabbit buses, using butterfly nets to catch the Coronavirus monster. The monster floated around, and the rabbits said, "We need help. We need a kid to help us catch it because our arms aren't very good." So Ellis agreed to help. He rode on top of Lightning McQueen and used the net to catch the Slimy Coronavirus monster.

Now the monster couldn't make any rabbits cough, but there were still extra cough drops. Ellis said they could have the cough candy as a treat. They caught the monster and put it in a rabbit jail. The monster was stuck because it was too slimy to squeeze out.

With the monster caught, the rabbits threw a party for Ellis. The party had candy flowers, and they made a special Lego stage. They had a rabbit dance and a dance contest where everyone, including Ellis and his mama, did funny, silly dances. Lightning McQueen drove around, and even Princess Elsa and the Duke of Weaseltown did silly dances. The rabbits were so happy that Ellis helped catch the Slimy Coronavirus Monster.

Afterward, they told Ellis he could climb an invisible ladder to return to the playground. Ellis asked, "How will I find it?" They said if he wore magic glasses made of carrots, he and his mama could see the ladder. So Ellis put on the glasses and saw the ladder, which looked like a metal ladder. He and his mama climbed up and found the earthquake had stopped. They played in the playground with other kids who had arrived. Ellis told them about his adventure, and they were so happy. Ellis shared his extra cough drops, which were yummy candy, with the other kids.

Later that day, Ellis went home with his mama, and they lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they will like it too.