Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a three-year-old boy whose name was Ellis. One day, Ellis and his mama were going to the playground. When they got to the playground, Ellis saw something very, very silly. He saw the seesaw seesawing by itself, the swings moving even though nobody was on them, and the climbing structure rocking back and forth. Ellis asked his mom, "Mom, are there ghosts that we can't see that are on the seesaw, on the climbing structure, and on the swings because it's Halloween?" Ellis's mama said, "No, I think there's an earthquake, and the earthquake is shaking the whole playground."

Just as Ellis's mama said that, they saw a big hole in the ground right next to the slide, and the big hole in the ground was a sinkhole. It appeared because of the earthquake. The earthquake made a big, big hole right at the end of the slide. But this was really silly because when the hole in the ground opened up, they saw that there was a secret part of the slide that had water on it. It was like a slipping slide, which was wet and went all the way underground. Ellis asked his mom if they could go look to investigate. Ellis's mom said, "Okay, let's go look." And luckily, she brought a flashlight.

So they looked in the sinkhole very carefully because they didn't want to fall. They saw that the slide went down and that it was safe. There were even helmets right by the edge of the sinkhole. Ellis and his mama put on some helmets, and they slid down from the top of the slide in the playground all the way to the bottom of the sinkhole, which was a big hole in the ground.

When they got to the bottom of the sinkhole, they saw something really special. It was an underground city with so many bunny rabbits. The bunny rabbits were dressed up like people and had bunny rabbit pajamas. They lived in a bunny rabbit city that was made of Silly Putty. There were Silly Putty buses that the bunny rabbits drove, Silly Putty houses, and even the carrots that the bunnies ate were made of Silly Putty.

In the underground city, the rabbits drove special race cars that looked like Lightning McQueen. The rabbits also had doggies as pets, like Paw Patrol doggies such as Chase on the case and others like that. Rabbit on the Case was one of the rabbits in charge there. There was a little Prince Elsa that you could watch from a little rabbit computer because the rabbits had little rabbit computers with different keyboards.

There were lakes in this underground sinkhole, and the lakes had rubber duckies in them instead of real duckies. There were bridges if you wanted to go from one side of the lake to the other side of the lake, and those bridges were made out of Lego. It was also so beautiful because when Ellis was walking around in the underground Rabbit City, he saw that there were also flowers made of candy. He thought it was so much fun.

Unfortunately, Ellis saw that one of the rabbits, whose name was Ribby Rabbit, was coughing. Ellis went up to Ribby Rabbit and said, "Ribby Rabbit, why are you coughing?" Ribby Rabbit said, "I'm coughing because I got some germs." Ellis said, "Well, what germs did you get?" Ribby Rabbit said there was a slimy coronavirus monster, and the slimy coronavirus monster was green and also made of Play-Doh. When the Slimy Coronavirus Monster got in his mouth, it made him cough. So Ellis gave the rabbit a little cough drop, which is a candy that kids could get if they're coughing, and it tasted yummy. The rabbit said, "Thank you."

Ellis was very lucky because he saw the Slimy Coronavirus monster floating through the air. He told all the rabbits, "We need to work together, and we'll catch the Slimy Coronavirus Monster with butterfly nets, and then we'll put it in a special jail, and then it will go away." All the rabbits said, "Yay."

They went in their Lightning McQueen cars and their rabbit buses and used all of their butterfly nets to try to catch the Coronavirus Slimy Monster. The Coronavirus monster was floating and floating about, and all of the bunny rabbits said, "We need help. We need a kid to help us catch it because bunny rabbits don't really have such good arms, and it was hard for them to catch the Coronavirus Monster." So Ellis said, "Okay, I'll help." Ellis got a ride on top of Lightning McQueen and used the net to catch the Slimy Coronavirus monster.

Now the Coronavirus monster couldn't make any rabbits cough, but there were still extra cough drops. So Ellis said that, as a treat, they could still have the cough candy to make them feel better. They caught the Coronavirus Monster and put it in a little rabbit jail. The Coronavirus Monster was stuck there because there was a net around the jail, and it was too slimy to even squeeze out.

With the Coronavirus stuck, all of the rabbits decided to have a party for Ellis. The party was full of candy flowers, and they decided to make a special stage made of Lego. They had a rabbit dance and a dance contest where all of the rabbits, Ellis, and his mama would do a funny, silly dance. They started dancing and dancing, and Lightning McQueen was driving. Even Princess Elsa came to the party, and she started doing a silly dance with somebody who came from a different city, the Duke of Weaseltown. He did a very silly dance. All the rabbits were so happy that Ellis helped catch the Slimy Coronavirus Monster and put it into jail.

Afterwards, they told Ellis if he wanted to go back up to the playground, the earthquake had stopped, and all he had to do was climb up the invisible ladder that nobody could see. Ellis said, "Well, how will I find it? How will I find it?" They told Ellis if he used some magic glasses and put on the magic glasses, and his mama put on the magic glasses too, then they would be able to see the invisible, specially hard-to-see ladder. So Ellis said, "Well, how can I get those magic glasses?" One of the rabbits gave them to him. The magic glasses were made of carrots.

When Ellis put on the magic glasses, he was able to see the invisible ladder, and it really looked like a metal ladder. He climbed up out of the sinkhole with his mama, and the earthquake was over. They decided to play in the playground. By this time, other kids arrived in the playground, and Ellis told the other kids that he went in the sinkhole and caught the Slimy Coronavirus Monster. All the kids were so happy, and Ellis had some extra cough drops that were just yummy candy in his back pocket. He told them that he could share them, and he gave each kid a cough drop. The kids were so happy, and they got to have one even though they didn't have a cough.

Later that day, Ellis went home with his mama, and he lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they will like it too.