Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime. Wampus. Hi, Steve. I live in Bristol. I'm the Bristol in England. In England. How old are you? Three. Yeah. And what's your name? Ellis. Yeah, it and what do you want in your story? Three things. I want the absent and a bunny rabbit. I want it. Virtue and coronavirus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a three year old boy whose name is Ellis and who lives in Bristol, England. Ellis asked for us to make up a story that includes a bunny rabbit, a sinkhole, which is a hole in the ground, and a slimy Coronavirus monster. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a three year old boy whose name was Ellis. One day, Ellis and his mama were going to the playground. And when they got to the playground, ellis saw something very, very silly. What he saw is that the seesaw was seesawing by itself. And the swings were moving, even though nobody was on the swings. And the climbing structure was rocking back and forth. And Ellis asked his mom, mom, are there ghosts that we can't see that are on the seesaw, that are on the climbing structure and that are on the swings because it's Halloween? And Ellis's mama said, no, I think there's an earthquake. And the earthquake is shaking the whole playground. And just as Ellis's mama said that, they saw a big hole go in the ground right next to the slide, and the big hole in the ground was a sinkhole. It appeared because of the earthquake. And the earthquake made a big, big hole right at the end of the slide. But this was really silly because when the hole in the ground opened up, they saw that there was a secret part of the slide that had water on it. It was like a slipping slide, which was wet and went all the way underground. Ellis asked his mom if they could go look to investigate. And Ellis's mom said, okay, let's go look. And luckily, she brought a flashlight. So they looked in the sinkhole very carefully because they didn't want to fall. And they saw that the slide went down and that it was safe. And there were even helmets that were right by the edge of the sinkhole. So Ellis and his mama put on some helmets, and they slid down from the top of the slide in the playground all the way to the bottom of the sinkhole, which was a big hole in the ground. When they got to the bottom of the sinkhole, they saw something really special. Do you know what it was, bud? What? It was an underground city with so many bunny rabbits, and there were bunny rabbits that were dressed up like people and had bunny rabbit pajamas. And they lived in a bunny rabbit city that was made of Silly Putty. And there were Silly Putty buses that the bunny rabbits drove. And there were Silly putty houses. And there were so many things. Even the carrots that the bunnies ate were made of Silly Putty. And in the underground city, the rabbits drove special race cars that looked like Lightning McQueen. And the rabbits also had doggies as pets. And the doggies were like paw patrol, doggies like Chase on the case and others like that. And Rabbit on the case. And Rabbit on the Case was one of the rabbits in charge there. And there was a little Prince Elsa that you could watch from a little rabbit computer, because the rabbits had little rabbit computers, and the rabbit computers had different keyboards. And there were lakes in this underground sinkhole, and the lakes had rubber duckies in them instead of real duckies. And there were bridges if you wanted to go from one side of the lake to the other side of the lake. And those bridges were made out of Lego. And it was also so beautiful because when Ellis was walking around in the underground Rabbit City, ellis saw that there was also flowers that were made of candy. And he thought it was so much fun. And unfortunately, Ellis saw that one of the rabbits, whose name was Ribby Rabbit, was coughing, and he was saying and Ellis went up to the Ribby Rabbit and said, ribby Rabbit, why are you coughing? And ribby. Rabbit said I'm coughing because I got some germs. And Ellis said, well, what germs did you get? And ribby. Robert said there was a slimy coronavirus monster and the slimy coronavirus monster was green and also made of playdoh. And when the Slimy Coronavirus Monster got in his mouth, it made him cough. And so Ellis gave the rabbit a little cough drop, which is a candy that kids could get if they're coughing, and it tasted yummy. So the rabbit said, thank you. Well, Ellis was very lucky because do you know what he saw? He saw the Slimy Coronavirus monster floating through the air. And he told all the rabbits, we need to work together and we'll catch the Slimy Coronavirus Monster with butterfly nets, and then we'll put it in a special jail and then it will go away. And all the rabbits said, Yay. Well, they went in their Lightning McQueen cars, and they went in their rabbit buses, and they used all of their butterfly nets to try to catch the Coronavirus Slimy Monster. And the Coronavirus monster was floating and floating about, and all of the bunny rabbits said, we need help. We need help. We need a kid to help us catch it because bunny rabbits don't really have such good arms, and it was hard for them to catch the Coronavirus Monster. So Ellis said, okay, I'll help. And Ellis got a ride on top of Lightning McQueen, and he used the net to catch the Slimy Coronavirus monster. And now the Coronavirus monster couldn't make any rabbits cough, but there were still extra cough drops. And so Ellis said that, as a treat, they could still have, like, the cough candy to make them feel better. But they got the Coronavirus Monster, and they put it in a little rabbit jail. And the Coronavirus Monster was stuck there because there was a net around the jail, and it was too slimy to even squeeze out. So with the Coronavirus stuck, all of the rabbits decided to have a party for Ellis. And the party that they decided to have was full of the candy flowers, and they decided to make a special stage made of Lego. And they would have a rabbit dance and a dance contest where all of the rabbits and Ellis and his mama would do a funny, silly, silly dance. And they started dancing and dancing, and Lightning McQueen was driving, and they started to do so many silly things. Even Princess Elsa came to the party, and she started doing a silly dance with somebody who came from a different city, and he was the Duke of Weaseleton. And he did a very silly dance. And all the rabbits were so happy that Ellis helped catch the Slimy Coronavirus Monster and put it into jail. And afterwards, they told Ellis if he wanted to go back up to the playground, the earthquake stopped, and all he had to do was climb up the invisible ladder that nobody could see. And Ellis said, well, how will I find it? How will I find it? And they told Ellis if he uses some magic glasses and puts on the magic glasses, and his mama puts on the magic glasses, too, then they'll be able to see the invisible, specially hard to see ladder. So Ellis said, well, how can I get those magic glasses? And one of the rabbits gave it to him. And do you know what it was made of? What? Carrots. The magic glasses weren't made of orange carrots. But it really did work. When Ellis put on the magic glasses, he was able to see the invisible ladder, and it really looked like a metal ladder. And he climbed up out of the sinkhole with his mama, and the earthquake was over. So they decided to play in the playground. And by this time, other kids arrived in the playground, and Ellis told the other kids that he went in the sinkhole after. And afterwards, when he was in the sinkhole, he caught the Slimy Coronavirus Monster. And all the kids were so happy, and Ellis had some extra cough drops that were just yummy candy in his back pocket, and he told them that he could share it. And he gave them each a cough drop, and the kids were so happy, and they got to have one, even though they didn't have a cough. And later that day, Ellis went home with his mama, and he lived happily ever after. The End tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it to.