Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a man whose name was Jim. And Jim lived in a castle. The castle had spires which were so high; those are little pointy parts in the castle that go up. The castle also had a garden. In the garden, there were orange flowers and red flowers, and there were some bushes that were so high that when you walk through those bushes, in the trail between the bushes, guess what could happen? You could get lost.

As he was walking around, he saw so many butterflies. He wasn't wearing any coat. He was just wearing a t-shirt and shorts because it was a nice day out. But suddenly, a cold wind came and brushed against his body, and suddenly he turned into a prince. This man's name is Prince Jim II of Lancashireville. He told everyone from then on, everyone who lived in the castle, including the butlers, including all the people that lived there, that they had to call him Prince Jim.

Well, it was pretty cold outside because of that cold wind, so Prince Jim decided to set out on an adventure. Before he set out on an adventure, he went to sleep in his room in the castle. He fluffed his head on the pillow, and he closed his eyes, and he started to have a dream. In the dream, there was somebody singing a song from the top of an ice castle. The song was a very nice-sounding song, and he wanted to go to it.

The next morning when Prince Jim woke up, he realized that that was just a dream, but he still wanted to go out and adventure. He went to his stable, a place where there are lots of horses, and chose a special white horse for him to ride on. He brought a sleeping bag with him, an arrow and a bow in case he needed to hunt for food, a net to trap things, and a special token. The token was rainbow-colored. Prince Jim always told his friends that this special token is rainbow-colored because he found it in a pot at the end of the rainbow. He decided to bring this special rainbow token with him on his white horse as he rode in the trail to follow his adventure. He was keeping this rainbow coin, this rainbow token, so safe because it was so important to him.

So he set off on his adventure with his sleeping bag and everything else, and they started going in the mountains. It started to get dark, and it was quiet. All Prince Jim could hear were birds making sounds like tweeting. Since it was getting dark, he decided to lay down and go to sleep. He went to sleep and tied up his white horse with a rope around a tree. That night, there was a big, terrible storm. There were so many dark clouds that came into the forest on top of him. There was thunder that went kaboom and lightning that dazzled the sky with light. One of the lightning bolts came down from the sky and struck the tree that his horse was tied to. His horse ran away, never to be heard from again.

Prince Jim thought that the horse was probably okay, but it would be hard for him to continue his adventure without a horse. He decided to look around, and Prince Jim didn't see anything, so he felt so alone, and he said, "Hello? Is anybody there? Can anybody hear me?" Suddenly, he heard the rustling of some leaves. That's the little noise it makes when leaves go crunch. He decided to investigate what was making the leaves go crunch, crunch, what was causing the leaves to rustle.

Prince Jim went with his bow and arrow out across the forest, where he saw a little mountain that wasn't so big. It was really just like a big hill or a bunch of rocks on top of each other. He thought he saw something white hanging out behind that pile of rocks, that little mountain. He decided that he would go to one side. So he snuck up behind it. But by the time he got to the other side of the rock, the thing went around, and they started chasing each other in circles. Prince Jim was trying to catch the thing, and the thing was always getting away before he could see it, until Prince Jim had an idea. He decided instead of chasing the same way, he would turn around in the middle when the thing wasn't going towards him and then catch him.

So Prince Jim turned around while they were running around this little hill, and suddenly he saw what it was. It was a unicorn. The unicorn thought they were playing a game. The unicorn looked like a horse, but it had one big horn sticking out of its forehead, and this unicorn had wings. Prince Jim asked, "Are you a magic unicorn?" The unicorn said, and Prince Jim decided that in unicorn language, that meant, "Yes, I'm a magic unicorn, and you could ride me."

So Prince Jim got on the unicorn for a ride, and the unicorn opened its wings and started flapping about. Prince Jim had never been on a unicorn ride before, especially a unicorn that was flying through the air, and he told the unicorn not to steer so fast. But the unicorn didn't listen at the beginning and went so high up. Prince Jim was getting a little scared, so he decided to hold on to the unicorn's hair, and he realized if he pulled the hair a little bit to the right, the unicorn would go to the right. If he pulled the hair in the other direction to the left, the unicorn would go the other way to the left. He decided to try to pull back the unicorn's hair. When he did that, the unicorn slowed down, and then he learned how to steer the unicorn to go faster or slower or right or left or up or down. He started to use it like a unicorn magic airplane.

They flew together, the unicorn and Prince Jim, all the way over the forest on top of the trees. When they went over the forest, it just looked like a lot of trees from the top. Finally, they landed on the other side of the forest near a field of grass with a little pond. Prince Jim told the unicorn that the unicorn could take a rest and drink some water from the pond. The unicorn did. Prince Jim walked away a little bit with his token and went to the other side of the lake while the unicorn was resting. The token was the rainbow token that he found at the end of the rainbow.

Prince Jim took out the token, the quarter and coin, and when he took it out of his backpack and he was far away from the unicorn, the unicorn's wings went away. Prince Jim went back to the unicorn, and he saw that it only worked; the unicorn was only magic if this rainbow token quarter coin was near it. He asked the unicorn in unicorn language, "Are you magic? Because I have this special rainbow token quarter coin." The unicorn said, which means in unicorn language, "Yes." Just as he said that, they heard somebody saying, "Help, help. Help. I'm stuck."

The unicorn and Prince Jim flew on the unicorn until they got finally to a big castle made of ice. In the top of the castle, there was a lady who had long blonde hair. She had her hair out down the hair, and there was somebody on the bottom that was trying to get up, but her hair wasn't long enough for that person to get up. Prince Jim came to the rescue, and he flew on his unicorn all the way to that person. He told the person to stand on the unicorn and to climb all the way on top of the unicorn on top of the horn. Then the unicorn put up the horn. The person on the bottom was able to reach out to Rapunzel's hair and grab it to climb up. After he climbed up, Prince Jim flew the unicorn up, and they saw what happened. They kissed because the person who climbed up was Rapunzel's friend, and they really wanted to kiss her.

Prince Jim decided he had a pretty good adventure. He asked the person who climbed up and Rapunzel if they could take a picture. They did. Prince Jim brought the picture back to his castle and told everybody, "I may be a prince now, but you guys should still look at this picture because we're all the same." He showed everybody the picture, and Prince Jim, Rapunzel, the unicorn, and everyone else lived happily ever after. The end.