Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They were going to the fair because the fair came to town. They walked with their parents past a stream with fish in it, and they reached downtown where they saw the fair. The fair had a fence made of cotton candy, and to get in, you needed a ticket. Jesse and Jonah asked their parents if they had any tickets. Steve said he had a ticket, but it was invisible. Jesse asked if he could see it. Steve put his hand in his pocket and took out nothing. He showed it to Jesse, who said, "But I can't see it." Steve said the only way they could see it was if they went to the fair gates by the cotton candy and asked the policeman who was going to be riding a tiny kid's bicycle.

When they got to the fair by the cotton candy fence, they saw a big policeman dressed in a policeman costume, riding a teeny tiny bicycle for little kids, with his knees so high up. The policeman asked if they had the invisible ticket. Steve showed the invisible ticket to the policeman, who took a magnifying glass out of his pocket and put it on top of the ticket. A flashlight came out of the magnifying glass, and Jesse finally could see that you really could see the ticket if you had that special magnifying glass. The policeman said that Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda could go into the fair.

Once inside the fair, they saw monster trucks and special rides. One of the monster trucks had a big ladder on it, and Jesse and Jonah climbed up the ladder to go into the monster truck. When they got to the top of the monster truck, they saw a pool inside, and Jesse and Jonah swam in the monster truck pool. When they got to the other side of the pool, they decided to go down the other pole on the other side of the monster truck. Jesse and Jonah slid down the pole until they got to the bottom, where there was a sandbox.

Jesse and Jonah decided they were cold from the water in the monster truck, so they asked their parents for towels. Steve and Amanda got some towels and rubbed them on Jesse and Jonah to get them warm. Jesse and Jonah said they wanted to go on another ride. They went on a swing that went so high that you went in it, and it had lots of rubber bands attached to it. Once you went in the swing, it bounced you all the way up, like halfway up to the clouds. Jesse and Jonah had to wear seatbelts on these swings. Their parents bounced them up using the rubber band swings halfway up to the clouds. Jesse got so close to the clouds that he was able to grab a piece of the cloud. Jonah also grabbed a little piece of a cloud, and they brought the pieces of the cloud back down.

When they got unbuckled from the swing, they told their parents they wanted to put a little piece of the cloud in the cotton candy machine. They went over to the cotton candy machine and mixed cotton candy with a little piece of the cloud. They made the yummiest kind of cotton candy, which was white and pink, that anyone had ever made. Jesse and Jonah started eating their cotton candy, and they saw they were getting bigger. Jesse and Jonah got so big that, even though they were still kids, they were almost as big as little teenagers.

Jesse and Jonah continued walking through the fair and finally got to a part of the fair with robot horses. Jesse always wanted to ride a robot horse, and he went on one of the robot horses, while Jonah went on a different robot horse. They said, "Gallop, gallop," and the horses started to run. They went over a big pole, and Jesse was able to command his horse to do some tricks. The horse was able to go backward and walk sideways. Jonah even had his horse go right next to Jesse's horse. They stood up together on top of the horses and held hands. When Jesse said for the horse to make a donut, it went in a circle and kicked up some dust from the ground.

After they got off the horse, there was somebody watching them. It was the policeman on the kid's bicycle with the magnifying glass. The policeman said he never saw anybody ride a robot horse that well. He told Jesse that he wanted him to become a superhero. He said he would give Jesse a superhero costume, and when Jesse wore the costume, he would turn into a superhero called Zero. The policeman opened up his policeman briefcase, which had a police badge on it, and took out a costume that was just the right size for a kid that grew to be almost as big as a teenager, even though he was four years old.

Jesse put on the costume, and when he did, he felt his muscles getting really strong. He felt the cotton candy he ate gave him a special power that, when he spoke, thunder could come out of his mouth. He also felt so strong that if he pointed at something, a laser could come out of his finger, and he could make that thing get trapped. Jesse could also make ropes come out of his hair, so he could make his hair get so long that ropes would come out of his hair, and he could trap bad guys.

Suddenly, there was a ghost that tried to take one of the monster trucks with the pools in it away. Nobody could see the ghost, but Jesse was there to save the day. Jesse said, "Zero the hero!" The ghost tried to escape in the monster truck and tried to make all the water fall out of the monster truck. But Jesse already had a plan. Jesse used his lasers to make the water from the monster truck evaporate, and the water went away. Then Jesse used his hair ropes to get the tires and wheels of the monster trucks tied in knots so that it couldn't go anywhere. Once the monster truck was stuck in place, Jesse told the ghost, "I'm going to trap you in handcuffs." The ghost said he was sorry and wasn't really trying to be mean. He just thought the monster truck was too big to take up too much space in the fair, so he was trying to take it away. Jesse said, "Only if you join the good team will I spare you." The ghost said he would never do anything mean again.

Jesse and Jonah saved the day, and everyone in the fair started to clap. Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.