Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup Stories and I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www dot Storybird AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use aya welcome to make it up stories. My name is Alma. Go to makeup stories.com. Okay, Jesse, what do you want to be in tonight's makeup story? A zero. That's black. That is Zero the hero. It's a person that has zero on his superhero like dresses. And then one here goes to say, the day folks. He says, zero the hero. Okay, jesse wants the story to be about a superhero named Zero the Hero, and he has a big zero on his superhero costume. And when he goes to save the day, he says Zero the hero. Jonah, is there anything that you want to be in the story? I want a ghost. And Jonah asks for there to be a ghost in the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse were going to the fair because the fair came into town. And so they walked with their parents past a stream that had some fish in it, and they got all the way downtown until they saw the fair. The fair had a fence that was made of cotton candy, and to get in, you needed to have a ticket. And Jesse and Jonah asked their parents if they bought any tickets. And Steve said that he did have a ticket, but that the ticket was invisible. Jesse asked if he could see it. And Steve put his hand in his pocket and he took out nothing. And he showed it to Jesse. And Jesse said, but I can't see it. And Steve said, the only way we could see it is if we go to the gates of the fair right by the cotton candy, and we ask the policeman who's going to be riding a tiny kid's bicycle. And so when they got to the fair right by the cotton candy fence, they saw there was a big policeman who is dressed in a policeman costume, but he was riding like a teeny tiny bicycle for little kids, and his knees were so high up. And the policeman said, do you have the invisible ticket? And Steve showed the invisible ticket to the policeman, and the policeman got a magnifying glass out of his pocket, and he put the magnifying glass on top of the ticket, and a flashlight came out of the magnifying glass. And Jesse finally could see that you really could see the ticket if you had that kind of special magnifying glass. The policeman said that Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda could go into the fair. And so they got into the fair, and when they got in, they saw that there were monster trucks all over the fair, and there were special rides. One of the monster trucks had a big ladder on it, and Jesse and Jonah climbed up the ladder to go in the monster truck. When they got to the top of the monster truck, they saw that there was a pool inside the monster truck, and Jesse and Jonah swam in the monster truck pool. When they got to the other side of the pool, they decided to go down the other pole that was on the other side of the monster truck. Jesse and Jonah slid down the pole until they got to the bottom, where there was a sandbox. Jesse and Jonah decided that they were cold from the water in the monster truck, and so they asked their parents for towels. And Jesse and Jonah's parents, Steve and Amanda, they got some towels, and they rubbed them on Jesse and Jonah to get them warm. Jesse and Jonah said they wanted to go on another ride. And so Jesse looked at one of the swings. There was a swing that went so high that you went in it, and it had kind of like, a lot of rubber bands attached to it. And once you went in the swing, it bounced you all the way up, like, halfway up to the clouds. And you had to wear a seatbelt on these swings. So Jesse wore a seatbelt on his swing, and Jonah wore a seatbelt on his. And their parents bounced them up using the rubber band swings halfway up to the clouds. Jesse got so close to the clouds that he was able to grab a piece of the cloud. And Jonah also was able to grab a little piece of a cloud, and they brought the pieces of the cloud back down. And when they got unbuckled from the swing, they told their parents that they wanted to put a little piece of the cloud in the cotton candy machine. So they went over to the cotton candy machine, and they mixed cotton candy with a little piece of the cloud. And they had the yummiest kind of cotton candy, which was white and pink, that anyone had ever made. And Jesse and Jonah started eating their cotton candy. And when they started eating their cotton candy, jesse and Jonah saw that they were getting bigger. Jesse and Jonah got so big that they were like even though they were still kids, they were almost as big as little teenagers. And Jesse and Jonah kept walking through the fair. Finally, they got to a part of the fair that had robot horses. Jesse always wanted to ride a robot horse, and he went on one of the robot horses, and jonah went on a different robot horse, and they said, gallop gallup. And the horse started to run, and it went over a big pole, and Jesse was able to command his horse to do some tricks, and the horse was able to go backwards, and the horse was able to walk sideways. And Jonah even had his horse, like, go right next to Jesse's horse. And they stood up together on top of the horses, and they held hands. And when Jesse said was the horse to make a donut, it just in a circle. And then it made a lot of dust. Yes. And the horse went so fast in a circle that it kicked up some dust from the ground. And after they got off the horse, there was somebody that was watching them. It was the policeman that was, like, on that kid's bicycle that had the magnifying glass. And the policeman said that he never saw anybody ride a robot horse that good. And he said, jesse, I want you to become a superhero. And he told Jesse that he was going to give him a superhero costume, and that when Jesse wore the superhero costume, he would turn into a superhero, and it's called zero. And the policeman opened up his policeman briefcase, which had a police badge on it, and he took out a costume that was just the right size for a kid that grew to be almost as big as a teenager, even though he was four years old. And Jesse put on the costume. And when he put on the costume, he felt that his muscles were starting to get really strong. And he felt that, like, the cotton candy that he ate was giving him a really kind of special power that when he spoke, there was kind of, like, thunder could come out of his mouth. And he also felt, like, so strong that if he just pointed at something, a laser could come out of his finger, and he could make that thing get trapped. And Jesse could also make ropes come out of his hair, so, like, he could make his hair get so long, ropes would come out of his hair, and he could trap bad guys. And suddenly, there was, like, one of the monster trucks that had the pools in it that was in the fair. Like, there was a ghost that tried to take the monster truck away, and nobody could see the ghost, but Jesse was there to save the day. And Jesse said, zero the hero. And the ghost tried to escape in the monster truck and tried to make all of the water fall out of the monster truck. But Jesse already had a plan. Jesse used his lasers to make the water from the monster truck evaporate, and the water went away. And then Jesse used his hair ropes to get the tires and wheels of the monster trucks tied in knots so that it couldn't go anywhere. And then once the monster truck was stuck in place, jesse told the ghost, I'm going to trap you in handcuffs. And the ghost said that he was sorry, and he wasn't really trying to be mean. He just thought that the monster truck was, like, too big to take up too much space in the fair, so he was trying to take it away. And Jesse said, only if you joined the good team will I spare you. And the ghost said he would never do anything mean again. And Jesse and Jonah saved the day, and everyone in the fair started to clap. And Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. That was so that wasn't even so short. You're just tricking 80. And thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Oliver. Go to makeup stories.com if you want to be a part of the club. Bye. Thank you. Bye, everyone.