Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Morgan, and Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi. My name is Morgan. I'm seven years old. My birthday is January 12. I live in Courtney, British Columbia, and my story idea up is a good witch, a silver cat, and candy. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Morgan who lives in Courtney, British Columbia, and who turns eight years old today on January 12. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Morgan. Happy birthday, Morgan. Happy birthday. And Morgan asked for us to make up a story that includes a good witch, a silver cat, and some candy. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Morgan. Morgan was walking along the sidewalk one day and looking at the tree. Hanging on a branch from the tree in front of her was a treasure box. And the treasure box was not so big because it fit on a branch. It looked like a miniature treasure box. So if there was gold inside the treasure box, it couldn't be so much gold. Well, Morgan opened up the treasure box, and inside the treasure box, there was no gold and no silver and no jewels. But there was a little animal, and the animal was a teensy, tiny, itty bitty frog. And the frog jumped out of the treasure box and jumped onto the branch of the tree that the treasure box was hanging on. And the little frog jumped up and down on the branch. And he said, Morgan, Morgan, you found the treasure box. And Morgan looked at the frog, and she said, I never saw a frog come out of a treasure box. And the frog said that he was a magical frog and that he could change shapes and also turn into a good witch. And Morgan said, I don't think so. I think you're tricking me. But just as she said that, the frog jumped off the branch of the tree, and he went onto the sidewalk. And then he jumped on Morgan's shoes from one shoe to the other shoe. And after he jumped on the second shoe shoes, different shoes appeared on the frog's feet. And then the frog jumped onto Morgan's pants, and then the frog got pants on, and whatever part of Morgan the frog jumped onto, it got dressed with that type of clothing. And so the frog looked like a person, even though it was a frog. And Morgan said, wow, frog, now you're dressed up just like me. And the frog told Morgan that they were going to have a very special adventure. And Morgan said, well, what can you do? And the frog said, I can turn into whatever you want me to. And Morgan said, can you turn into a princess? And the frog started to spin around on his little froggy shoes, and he started to dance. And he turned into a Princess. And Morgan said, can you turn into a car? And the froggy turned his shoes into wheels and he took the shape of a car and it was a green froggy car. And then the froggy said that Morgan could go into the car. So Morgan went into the frog car. The frog car had seats that were made of Silly Putty, and the steering wheel of the frog car was made of slime, it was very slippery, and the windshield wipers didn't work so very well because they were also made of Silly Putty. And Silly Putty windshield wipers are not so very good at wiping away the rain. It started to rain because they stick to the rain. But the problem is if there's too much rain, it'll just go on the Silly Putty. And the Silly Putty isn't good against wiping against the window of a card of a car. Yeah, it just slides a little bit. And so it was raining too much. And the frog said to Morgan, it's time to go out of the frog car because the Silly Putty windshield wipers are not working well enough. And Morgan said, well, what could you turn into now? And the frog said he could turn into a kitty cat ChuChu train. And Morgan said, I've never heard of a kitty cat ChuChu train. But the frog said ChuChu. And just as he said ChuChu, the frog started growing some whiskers right beside his nose and he started to get furry and he started to get bigger, and the frog grew a tail and he started instead of saying ribbot, the frog started to say meow. And the frog was saying meow, meow. And he really turned into a kitty cat. But Morgan said that's not a kitty cat train because that's just one kitty cat. And the frog who turned into a kitty cat said watch this. And the frog kitty cat jumped. And when he jumped, another kitty cat appeared where he landed. But the first kitty cat that started the jump was still there. And every time the kitty cat jumped, a new kitty cat came to be wherever the kitty cat landed. And soon there were twelve different kitty cats. And the kitty cats, their fur didn't look like black and white fur or orange kitty cat fur or white kitty cat fur, it was silver. And suddenly, instead of saying meow, the kitty cats, first they said like meow, meow. And then they started to say meow, Chu, meow, chu. And then suddenly the kitty cats, they connected all of their tails and they would say ChuChu. And Morgan decided to board the kitty cat ChuChu train ride because it was too rainy for the frog car. So she asked the kitty cats to open up the kitty cat door and one of the kitty cats said ChuChu, okay. And opened up the kitty cat door and Morgan went into the kitty cat train inside the kitty cat train. It looked like there was so much candy the kitty cat train. The doors were made out of graham crackers. And in the kitty cat train, instead of having a regular regular steering wheel for the ChuChu train, the steering wheel was made of chocolate. And there were lots of very funny animals that were on the kitty cat ChuChu train. And the funny animals included a monkey that had three arms, and there was also an elephant that was so teeny tiny and so skinny, the elephant looked littler than a mouse. And there was a lion who could only say Hachu. And Morgan told the lion that it needed to cover its mouth when it sneezed. And the lion was a nice lion, so it listened. And there were also other animals on the kitty cat ChuChu train. One such animal was the giraffe. The giraffe was the silliest giraffe because instead of having one long neck, it had two long necks. And the head wasn't on top of the giraffe necks. The head was in middle of the giraffe necks, so the neck went even higher than the head. But the giraffes could still fit in the kitty cat ChuChu train because there were windows on the top that it could stick its head out. And Morgan was looking all around the kitty cat ChuChu train, and she asked the conductor where it was going. And the conductor told the kitty cat ChuChu train that it was going back to the frog's house because the frog wanted the kitty cat ChuChu train to turn just back into a regular frog. Morgan told the conductor to first stop off at the tree where she was going on a walk and where she found the magic treasure box. So the conductor said Abaluda. And just as the conductor said abaluda, they headed right back to the tree where Morgan set off on her adventure. And when they got to that tree, morgan stepped out of the kitty cat ChuChu train and the kitty cat ChuChu train turned back into the teeny tiny incy wincy frog. And the frog told Morgan that he was so happy that Morgan was the one to find her. And the frog hopped back into his treasure box and told Morgan to put him back on the tree so a different girl or boy could find that frog when it's their birthday. And Morgan said thank you to the frog. And the frog told Morgan that he had a fun time with Morgan. And Morgan and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. If your birthday is in February or March and you want me to make up a story for you, then go to the Makeup Stories Facebook page@facebook.com, slash makeup stories and follow the instructions for how to submit a story. Thanks for listening.