Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. One day, Jonah and Jesse went into the garage in their house. And when they looked in their garage, they saw a big Power Wheels jeep floating in the air all by itself. So they ran to get their parents, and they said, "Steve, Amanda, come check out what's in the garage." Steve and Amanda went to the garage, but they couldn't see anything. Jonah and Jesse insisted that there was a floating Power Wheels, but their parents thought they were just playing a trick.

Jonah and Jesse decided to prove it to their parents. Since the Power Wheels was floating too high, Jonah put Jesse on his shoulders, and Jesse climbed up into it. Then Jesse helped pull Jonah up into the Power Wheels. They called out to their parents, "Look, we're floating in the air!" But Steve and Amanda couldn't see them and started to worry. Jonah and Jesse thought their dad was just pretending, so they decided to turn on the Power Wheels. As soon as Jonah pressed the go button, the Power Wheels started to move, floating through the air and right through the garage door.

Jonah told Jesse they shouldn't go too far, or their parents would worry. Jesse suggested they land the Power Wheels on the roof of their house. Jonah agreed, but they had to be careful. As they landed on the roof, they realized they didn't just land on the roof - they went right through it! But when they went through the roof, they found themselves in a different world. In this world, there were no people, only cartoon characters.

They saw someone who looked like their dad, but he was see-through and had silly eyes. When he talked, letters came out of his mouth instead of words. His arms and legs were made of spaghetti, just like all the other cartoon characters. Jonah and Jesse saw their mom, too, with spaghetti arms and legs and a noodle tummy. It looked like there was a big party going on with lots of dancing noodle people.

At the party, music was playing, and the music turned into letters floating in the air. The noodle people would grab the letters and eat them, making their noodle bellies shake as they danced. Jonah and Jesse had never seen anything like this before. They knew it was because of the Power Wheels, so they decided to get out and explore. As soon as they stepped out, all the noodle people looked at them. Jonah and Jesse explained that they found this world using the magic Power Wheels.

The noodle people were surprised and told them that this was a secret world that grownups kept hidden from kids. In this world, everyone had noodle arms and legs, and they could speak letters and dance in a special way. Jonah and Jesse said they discovered this world because of the Power Wheels in their garage.

Suddenly, a grownup with carrot arms and legs appeared and started chasing Jonah and Jesse. They tried to run away, but the carrot grownup caught them. Jonah threatened to peel his carrot arms and legs, but the carrot grownup said he just wanted to tell them something good. He explained that once kids find out about this world, they start to develop magic powers. He had hidden the Power Wheels in their garage so they could discover this special world. Once they returned home, they would each have a new magic power.

Jonah asked for proof, so the carrot grownup gave Jesse a golden key. He told Jesse to hold the key tightly, go back to the Power Wheels, and drive it back to their garage. Once they were back, they would see what they could do with the golden key. Jesse agreed and held the key tightly. They went back to the Power Wheels, pressed the go button, and floated back up through the ceiling and onto the roof. Jonah steered the Power Wheels off the roof and back into the garage.

When they parked the Power Wheels, their parents were still in the garage looking for them. As soon as they parked, their parents could see them again. Jonah and Jesse asked if their parents saw the Power Wheels, but their dad said they were just playing a trick. Then Jesse showed his dad the magic golden key. His dad smiled and said, "Now you know the truth about the special world where everyone has magic powers and dances in a unique way. Tomorrow, you'll wake up with a new power." Jesse was excited to be a big boy. And so, Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.