Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse went into the garage in their house. And when they looked in their garage, they saw that floating in the air in the middle of their garage was a big Power Wheels that looked like a jeep, and it was just floating by itself in the air. And so they ran to get their parents, and they said, "Steve, Amanda, come check out what's in the garage." And Steve and Amanda went to the garage, and they said, "We don't see anything." And they said, "But look, there's a Power Wheels that's just floating there." And Steve and Amanda said that Jonah and Jesse were just tricking. And they said, "Look, we're going to go into the Power Wheels to prove it to you." 

And so Jonah went to the Power Wheels and he couldn't reach up to get inside it. So he decided to put Jesse on his shoulders. And Jesse climbed up into the Power Wheels since it was floating in the air. And then when Jesse was in the Power Wheels, Jesse held Jonah's hand and helped pull Jonah's hand up into the Power Wheels. When they got into the Power Wheels, they said, "Look, mom. Look, dad, we're now floating in the air." And Steve and Amanda said, "Where did you guys disappear to?" And Jonah and Jesse said, "We're right here. We're in the air, in the Power Wheels." And Steve said, "Guys, stop hiding. We really need to know where you are. This is serious. It's not a joke." And Jonah and Jesse thought that their dad really could see them and that he was tricking. So they decided to turn on the Power Wheels. And Jonah pressed the go button. And when he pressed the go button, he heard the noise of the engine of the Power Wheels start, and the Power Wheels started to move, and it floated through the air and went right through the garage door. It floated outside of their house. 

And Jonah said, "Jesse, we better not go far, because if we go too far, dad and mom will worry about us." And Jesse said, "Well, how about we just land the Power Wheels on top of the roof of our house?" And Jonah said, "Okay." So Jonah said, "If we do it, we have to make sure that we do it very safely, because roofs can be dangerous, especially if you're driving a car on the roof." And Jonah said that he'll use the emergency brake so that it can't roll off of the roof. And Jesse said, "Okay, but then we're going to have to go down." And Jonah made the Power Wheels go up onto the roof. And when it got onto the roof, Jesse saw that it didn't land on the roof, it went right through the roof. Only when it went through the roof into the house, it wasn't in their regular house. It was in a different world. It was like they crossed a border from the regular world that all sorts of people live in into a different kind of world where there weren't people. There were just kinds of cartoon characters. 

And there was a person that looked like their dad, but that person was see-through, and that person had really silly eyes. And whenever the person talked, there were letters that came out of the mouth instead of words. And then they were always, like, "Is this like my dad's soul? Or what is it?" And Jonah didn't know if it was his dad's soul or what was happening. And he saw that the people had hands and they had feet, but under the sleeves of their clothes, his dad didn't have any arms. It was really just spaghetti. And in legs, too. There weren't really any legs. It was just spaghetti. But they had real cartoon faces. And the same for his mom. His mom's arms were made of spaghetti and so were her legs. And her whole tummy was just made of a noodle. And the same was true of his dad and all the other cartoon characters. And it looked like there was a party going on in the house and that there were a lot of other dancing noodle people that were cartoons that were going to the party. 

And in the party, there was music playing and the music was coming out of some speakers. But when the music was playing, it was just letters that were floating in the air. And the letters were kind of dancing about and they were going up and down, up and down in waves. And all of the people, instead of dancing and doing cool dance moves, the way they would dance is they would grab the letters out of the air and they would eat up the letters. And when they would eat the letters, it would go in their noodle bellies and their noodle bellies would start to shake. And Jonah and Jesse, they had never been to a place like this. And Jesse knew that it was because of the Power Wheels. So Jesse asked Jonah if they should go out of the Power Wheels, and Jonah said okay. So they opened up the door to the Power Wheels and they got out. And when they stepped on the floor of their house, suddenly everyone, all of the noodle people started to look at them. And Jonah and Jesse said, "What? We just came here using the magic Power Wheels." 

And the people that started to look at them, they said, "How did you guys find out about this? This is a place that grownups keep secret from kids. Grownups don't tell kids about the secret world where grownups and kids have noodle arms and everyone has a different cartoon version of themselves. And people speak letters out and music comes in letters, and if people want to dance, they just grab those letters and put them in their bellies." And Jonah and Jesse said that they knew about this trick because they found out about it since they needed to go in their Power Wheels, which was in their garage. 

And one of the grownups came up to Jonah and Jesse and that grownup didn't have noodle legs and didn't have noodle arms. Instead, this grownup had a big long carrot for each of his legs, and he also had two carrots for his arms. And the grownup started to chase Jonah and Jesse. And no matter what Jonah and Jesse tried to do, the grown up caught them. And so the grown up with the carrot arms and the carrot legs and then Jonah said, "There's no way that you could get me, because if you get me, I will take out my peeler and I'll peel your carrot arms and carrot legs." And the grown up carrot said, "Jonah, Jesse, I actually came and caught you to tell you a good thing. The reason that grownups keep this world a secret from kids is that once kids find out about this world, it means that they're starting to develop magic powers. And the reason that you found a Power Wheels in your garage this morning is that I'm the one who hid it there. And I wanted you to find out about this special world, because after you go back to your house and you park the Power Wheels back in your garage, you each are going to have one new magic power." 

And Jonah said, "Okay, but how can you prove that to me?" And the person with the carrot legs and the carrot arms reached into his pocket and he pulled out a golden key, and he gave the golden key to Jesse. And he said, "Jesse, put this golden key in your hand and close your hand so that nobody else in the party could see it, and then go back in your Power Wheels and drive it back to your garage. And when you get back to your garage, see what you could do with the golden key." And Jesse said okay. So he held the golden key very tightly in his hand. And Jonah and Jesse went back to the middle of the dance floor where all of the grownups with the spaghetti legs and the noodle tummies were dancing, and they went back into their Power Wheels and they pressed the Go button on their Power Wheels, and the Power Wheels floated up, and it went through the ceiling on top of the roof again. And then Jonah turned the steering wheel so that it turned around and he flew the Power Wheels off of the roof. And then he went back to the garage with his family. 

And when he got in the garage, he parked the Power Wheels. And when he parked the Power Wheels, his dad and mom were still in the garage looking for him. And when he parked the Power Wheels, suddenly his dad and mom found him. And they said, "There you were. You were just in the middle of the garage." And Jonah and Jesse said, "Didn't you even see the Power Wheels?" And Jonah's dad said, "What Power Wheels? You guys are tricking me." And then Jesse opened up his hands and he showed his dad the magic golden key. And his dad opened his mouth and said, "Wow, Jesse, now you know the truth. Now you know about the world across the border where all of the people have special powers and can dance in special ways. And you are going to wake up tomorrow with a new power." And Jesse said that he was going to be a big boy. And Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.