Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl named Hadley. Hadley grew up in a treehouse that her mom and dad built using lots of branches and logs. The treehouse was between two big trees and was really fun! It had a fireman's pole to slide down and a rope made out of Twizzlers to climb up.

Inside Hadley's treehouse, there were many different rooms. One room even had an elevator! Anyone who went into the elevator, which was in Hadley's bedroom, could go from the floor to the ceiling. When they reached the ceiling, they were higher up in the tree and could touch it. There was also a special pair of gloves at the top of the elevator. These gloves had a sticky glue on them that made them stick to the ceiling.

Hadley and her friends loved to go into her bedroom, take the elevator to the ceiling, and then take turns putting on the gloves. They would walk around the ceiling with their hands and not fall off because the gloves were sticky. Sometimes, they would dip the special gloves in different colors of paint, like blue and green, and make handprints all over the ceiling of her treehouse.

One day, a person from the circus came over and asked Hadley's parents if they could bring their treehouse and both of the trees it was attached to, to be part of the circus. They would travel around the world and show their treehouse to different people. Hadley and her parents talked it over during dinner, eating yummy chicken nuggets. They decided to give it a try for a few months and see how it went.

The next day, the circus people came to Hadley's treehouse and tried out the elevator and the special gloves. They thought it was a lot of fun and that everyone would love to see it. So, Hadley and her parents got into a circus car shaped like a giraffe and followed their treehouse, which was being towed by big trucks, to a faraway city called Caketopia.

Caketopia was famous for its birthday cakes. These cakes were special because if you saved a little piece and blew on it, it would grow into a new cake! Caketopia had the most cake factories in the world and shipped cakes to supermarkets and grocery stores everywhere.

When the circus arrived in Caketopia, they set up a big tent shaped like a cupcake. Hadley and her parents were excited to be part of the cupcake circus. People bought tickets and filled the seats, eager to see the show. There were jugglers, lions running in hamster wheels, and acrobats sliding down the giraffe car's neck.

Finally, it was time for Hadley's treehouse act. As she walked into her treehouse, flower petals fell from the sky, making it look like a flower house. Hadley went inside, took the elevator to the ceiling, and put on special rainbow sticky gloves. She walked around with her hands on the ceiling, painting it with rainbow colors.

When she was done, Hadley turned on the light switch, and the whole ceiling lit up like a real rainbow. Everyone in the circus crowd cheered, saying it was the most fun circus they had ever been to. And so, Hadley and her family lived happily ever after. The end.