Hello. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Josie. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi. My name is Hadley. I live in Delores, Colorado, and I'm four years old, and I would like a story about horses, a cupcake, and flat. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Hadley who lives in Dolores, Colorado, and who is four years old. Buddy Hadley doesn't have a birthday, and we're letting kind of anyone ask for a story now. So do you want to say, Hi, Hadley? Hi, Hadley. And Hadley asked for us to make up a story that includes horses, a cupcake, and flowers. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl whose name was Hadley. Hadley grew up in the olden days in a treehouse that was made from lots of branches and logs that Hadley's dad and her mom had used hammers to put together between two big trees. And Hadley lived in a really fun treehouse that had a fireman's pole to go down, and there was a rope that was made out of twizzlers that anybody could climb up who wanted to go. And in Hadley's treehouse, there were lots of different rooms. There was even a room that had an elevator in it. And anyone who went into the elevator, which was in Hadley's bedroom, could go from the floor to the ceiling. And when they got to the ceiling using the ceiling elevator, they were higher up in the tree, and they could touch the ceiling. There was also a special kind of glove right at the top of the elevator. And if you put on those gloves, it had a kind of glue on them that made them stick to the ceiling. So Hadley and her friends used to always go in her bedroom, in the treehouse, take the elevator to the ceiling, and then when they got to the ceiling, they would take turns putting on the gloves, and they would walk around the ceiling with their hands, and they wouldn't fall off because the gloves were sticky to the ceiling. And sometimes Hadley and her friends would dip the special gloves in different kinds of colors, like sometimes they would do. One glove was blue, and the other glove was green. And then they would put the gloves on and make handprints all over the ceiling of her treehouse. It was such a fun game that one day, there was a person from the circus that came over, and the person from the circus asked Hadley's parents, can we bring your treehouse and both of the trees that it's attached to and make it part of the circus? And then you could travel around the world, and you can show your treehouse to different people. Hadley and her parents had to talk it over. And at dinner that night, when Hadley and her parents were eating some yummy chicken nuggets, they decided to discuss whether they should go to the circus. And Hadley said it would probably be a good idea because they would meet so many different people and they could put on so many shows, and they could probably also get a lot of toys and prizes and stuff from working at the circus. But Hadley's mom said, but what about the trees? How are they going to take the trees with them? And Hadley's dad said that the circus man explained they were going to put the trees on wheels and attach them to big trucks so they could drive around in the circus. Hadley ultimately made the decision. She told her parents that they should go to the circus and they should try it out for a few months, and if it didn't work, then they could come back. Well, the next day was moving day, and the circusman and all the circus performers came to Hadley's treehouse and they tried out the elevator in Hadley's bedroom and they tried to walk on the ceiling with their hands using the special gloves that stuck to the ceiling. And they all thought it was a lot of fun and that all of the circus viewers around the world would love to see it as well. So Hadley and her parents got out of the treehouse and they went in a circus car, which was the shape of a giraffe. And the car that was the shape of a giraffe didn't have wheels, but it had legs, and it kind of looked like a giraffe, but the engine made the legs go. And Hadley and her parents went into giraffe car and they followed their treehouse, which was being towed by big trucks until they got to a faraway city called Caketopia. Caketopia was the city that was the most famous for the birthday cakes that came from there. Regular birthday cakes that you might see in stores. Usually they have some frosting on it, like it might be blue or pink frosting and white frosting on top. And then under that there might be regular cake stuff or there might be ice cream, and kids could get pieces which are the grownups cut, and then kids could eat those pieces of cake. But Caketopia was a totally different kind of city. In Caketopia, the kinds of cakes that you ate were kind of also like cake seeds. So if you ate some cake but you saved a little over and you put that extra piece on a plate and then you blew on the plate like you're blowing out a candle, then as you were blowing, the piece of cake that you left over grew into a new cake. And that's what Caketopia the city was famous for, cakes that if you saved a little bit and blew on it, it would make a new cake. And Cake Topia is the city in the world where they have the most cake factories because it's the easiest place to make new cakes. And they ship it out to supermarkets and grocery stores around the world. And on your birthday, you should ask your parents if the cake that got to the supermarket was from Caketopia. Well, in any event, it was the first time that the circus had come to Caketopia, and they decided to make the circus tent in the shape of a cupcake because they wanted it to be special for the city of Caketopia. And Hadley and her parents were really happy that they were going in a cupcake circus. Well, they started to put seats out, and everyone bought their tickets. And all of the people that lived in Caketopia parked their cars in the parking lot that was next to the big cupcake tent. They all waited in line for tickets, and the circus people said it was time to come in. And when all the people sat down first, there was some juggling, when jugglers would juggle, like, 18 different balls at one time. And then there was an act where there were lions, and the lions would go in a big hamster wheel, and they would make the hamster wheel go so fast, but the lions wouldn't really move. And after that, there was another thing that used the giraffe car. The giraffe car was really silly because the top of it was kind of like a slide on the giraffe's neck. There was an acrobat that did an upside down slide from the top of the giraffe's neck all the way to the bottom of the car. And all of the people were laughing so hard and clapping. And there were people that worked in the circus that were also giving candy and stuff to the people that were there. And everyone in the crowd got silent as they unveiled the new trick, the treehouse that had an elevator in it. And all of the people looked as Hadley walked into her treehouse, which was in middle of the cupcake tent. And when she got to her treehouse, she opened the door. And just as she opened the door, the circus made a lot of flower petals fall down on top of her treehouse, and it looked like the treehouse wasn't a treehouse, but like a flower house because there were flowers all over it. And Hadley went into the flower treehouse, and she pressed the elevator button, and when she was in her room, she went in the elevator to the ceiling. And that day, she put on special gloves that didn't just have regular color paint, but instead it had rainbow paint. And the fingers were one color, and the middle part of the hand was another color, and the bottom of the hand was a different color. And Hadley put on the rainbow sticky gloves, and she walked around with her hands on the ceiling, and she painted the whole ceiling of rainbow color. And then she got back in the elevator, went down the elevator and turned the light switch on when she turned the light switch on her whole ceiling, which was now a rainbow, lit up and looked like a real rainbow. And everyone in the circus crowd cheered. And they said that it was the funnest circus they had ever been to. And Hadley and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Possible for Cake Topia well, bud, there's some places where there are really cool things that are possible. And caketopia is not real. It's just pretend. But you should always save a little piece of cake and blow on it to try to see if it's real. The end.