Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Logan. Logan lived in Delaware, Ohio, and every morning when he woke up, he would look out the window to see if there was snow. One day, as he was looking out the window, he saw that it was snowing. All the snow looked like regular white snow, but there was one silver snowflake that fell right in front of Logan's house. Logan excitedly said, "Mom, Dad, there's a silver snowflake that fell right in front of our house. I think it's a special one!" Logan's mom and dad replied, "Okay, Logan. People want it." They suggested, "Why don't you put on some snow boots and a coat and then go outside?" But Logan insisted, "No, Mom, this is so important. How about I just put on boots and pants, and then I run outside to get the silver snowflake?" Logan's dad agreed that they should do it together.

So Logan and his dad ran outside and picked up the silver snowflake. They saw that it was very special because when you touched it, the snowflake changed colors and turned red, and it didn't melt. Logan wondered, "Wouldn't it be cool if this snowflake could turn into a snowball by itself?" And just as he said that, it did; it really turned into a snowball. The snowball was a red snowball. Logan exclaimed, "Dad, look! It's a red snowball." Then he thought, "I wonder if the snowball could throw itself at that tree." He pointed to a tree next to his house. All he had to do was say, "Okay, Snowball, throw yourself at the tree." And the snowball would throw all by itself to the tree. It would jump out of Logan's hand and jump to the tree. When it hit the tree, instead of breaking, it changed color again and turned into a blue snowball.

Logan told his dad, "After I threw the snowball at the tree, it changed into the color blue, and it didn't break, and it threw all by itself. I didn't even have to move my hand; it jumped out of my hand." Logan's dad wondered, "I wonder what else you could do with the magic snowflake automatically." Logan thought, "I wonder if I could turn the magic snowflake into a light bulb." Logan's dad wasn't sure about that, so Logan suggested, "Well, how about I try to make it into a snowman first?" Logan said, "Okay, magic snowflake, I want you to turn into a snowman." And do you know what happened? It turned into a snowman! The snowman grew a carrot nose, grape eyes, and a silly Twizzler's mouth, which is a kind of candy. Then the wind blew a hat on top of the snowman, and the hat was carried in the wind. The snowman looked up at the trees, and some branches came off the trees and went into the snowman and turned into the snowman's arms. And then the snowman got light bulb eyes because you were right, bud. The magic snowflake was really able to turn into lights. And the snowman had light bulb eyes. The snowman opened his Twizzler mouth and asked Logan, "Logan, are you the one who made me?" Logan replied, "Snowman, all I had to do was wish for the snowflakes to turn into a snowman, and then you came alive by yourself." The snowman said that he really liked to bake things. Logan asked, "How could a snowman bake anything? Because if you bake something that's too hot, the snowman will melt." The snowman explained that because he was made out of a magic snowflake, he actually had an oven inside him. And if you pressed on the snowman's belly button, a secret compartment would open up, and inside would be an oven where you could bake any kind of cookie you wanted. So Logan asked, "Can it make dinosaur cookies?" The snowman replied, "Of course, because I came from that silver magic snowflake."

Logan pressed the snowman's belly button, and the belly opened up, revealing a magic oven that looked like silver. Logan said, "Okay, I want a dinosaur cookie." The snowman closed his belly button and said, "Beep, beep, beep." Then he opened his belly button again, and do you know what was there? It was a dinosaur cookie that could walk like a real magic dinosaur because it was made from the silver snowflake. The little cookie dinosaur was worried that the snowman might eat him, so it went to Logan and his dad and said, "Logan, could you pick me up?" Logan picked up the cookie dinosaur and noticed that it smelled very yummy. The cookie dinosaur asked Logan, "Are you going to eat me?" Logan reassured the cookie dinosaur that he was just going to save him and be nice to him. The cookie dinosaur asked, "Are you my friend?" Logan told the cookie dinosaur that he was really his friend. The cookie dinosaur told the snowman that he was happy that the snowman was also his friend. He said he wanted to show the magical snowman, Logan, and his dad where there were other dinosaur cookies that were alive. Logan asked, "Okay, should we follow you?" The little cookie dinosaur, who had dinosaur eyes and dinosaur teeth but was so little, said to Logan and the snowman, "Follow me." The snowman, the magic snowman, started to roll because the bottom of the snowman is like a big wheel. It's like a big ball, really. And Logan and his dad started to walk in the snow until the little cookie dinosaur took them all the way to a river made of melted chocolate.

In the Chocolate River, the dinosaur explained, "This is where dinosaur cookies go if they want to get some chocolate on them. And chocolate is very important to have on a dinosaur cookie. Because chocolate is like, if you're a live dinosaur cookie, then chocolate is like your skin. So if you have chocolate on you, if you're a cookie dinosaur, then the chocolate helps keep you together and it helps make you sturdy and altogether." Logan asked the dinosaur cookie, "Are you going to go in the river?" The dinosaur cookie replied, "Yeah, you guys can come too." The dinosaur cookie jumped in the Chocolate River and got chocolate all over him. There were little gummy bears and little gummy fishies that were jumping out of the Chocolate River and saying hello to the little dinosaur cookie. Logan asked his dad if they could go in the Chocolate River too. Logan's dad gave Logan a floaty, and they went in the Chocolate River floaty. Logan said, "Dad, I'm not so sure I need a floaty in the Chocolate River, so how about you just stay next to me and watch closely instead." Logan's dad agreed, and they started to make chocolate splashes in the river, which were very yummy kinds of splashes. They would try to gobble them, and sometimes when the gummy fish came out of the Chocolate River, they would chomp the gummy fish. The gummy fish didn't even mind because they liked being inside people; gummy fish and gummy bears really like to be inside people's tummies because that's where they feel good and safe.

Logan had so much fun in the Chocolate River until he heard his mom calling. Logan said, "Dad, I think I hear mom calling." And they were right. Logan's mom was right next to the river and said, "Logan, you did such a good job with the magic snowman and with the snowball that threw by itself on the tree. That threw itself on the tree. And you're so special." Logan showed his mom the special snowman and everything. Logan's mom was so proud of Logan. And Logan and his family lived happily ever after. The end.