Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Penelope, and Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi. My name is Logan. I am six years old. I live in Delaware, Ohio. I would like a story about a chocolate river, a magic snowflake and a dinosaur cookie that comes to life. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Logan, who lives in Delaware, Ohio, and who turned seven years old today on March 3. And so we want to say happy birthday, Logan. Happy birthday, Logan. We moved into a new house. We did move into a new house, and Logan asked for us to make up a story that includes a chocolate river, a magic snowflake, and a dinosaur cookie that comes to life. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Logan. Logan lived in Delaware, Ohio, and every time when he got out of bed, he would look out the window and see if there was snow. One day when he was looking out the window, he saw that it was snowing. And all of the snow looked like regular white snow. But there was one silver snowflake that fell down right in front of Logan's house. Logan said. Mom, dad, there was a silver snowflake that fell right in front of our house. And I think it's a special one. And Logan's mom and dad said, okay, Logan. People want it. Logan's. Mom and dad said, okay, logan, why don't you put on some snow boots and a coat and then go outside? And Logan said, no, mom, this is so important. How about I just put on boots and I put on some pants, and then I run outside to get the silver snowflake? And Logan's dad said they should do it together. So Logan and his dad ran outside. And when they got outside, they picked up the silver snowflake. And they saw that it was very special, because when you touch the silver snowflake, it changed colors and turned melt. It turned red and it didn't melt. And then Logan said, wouldn't it be cool if this snowflake could turn into a snowball by itself? And just as he said that it did, it really turned into a snowball. And the snowball was a red snowball. And Logan said, dad, look. It's a red snowball. And just as he said that, he was like, I wonder if the snowball could throw itself at that tree. And he pointed to a tree next to his house. And all he had to do was to say, okay, Snowball, throw yourself at the tree. And the snowball would throw all by itself to the tree. It would jump out of Logan's hand and jump to the tree. And then when it hits the tree, instead of breaking, it changes color again and turns into a blue snowball. Logan said, dad, after I threw the snowball at the tree, it changed into the color blue and it didn't break, and it threw all by itself. I didn't even have to move my hand, it jumped out of my hand. And Logan's dad said, I wonder what else you could do with the magic snowflake automatically. And Logan said, I wonder if I could turn the magic snowflake into a light bulb. And then Logan's dad said, Well, I'm not so sure about that. And Logan said, well, how about I try to make it into a snowman first? And Logan said, okay, magic snowflake, I want you to turn into a snowman. And do you know what happened? What? It turned into a snowman. And the snowman grew a carrot nose and grape eyes and a silly twizzler's mouth, which is a kind of candy. And then the wind blew a hat on top of the snowman and the hat was carried in the wind. And the snowman looked up at trees and some branches came off the trees and went into the snowman and turned into the snowman's eyes. And then the snowman got light bulb eyes because you were right, bud. The magic snowflake was really able to turn into lights. And the snowman had light bulb eyes. And the snowman opened his twizzler mouth and said to Logan, logan, are you the one who made me? And Logan said, Snowman, all I had to do was wish for the snowflakes to turn into a snowman and then you came alive by yourself. And the snowman said that he really liked to bake things. And Logan said, how could a snowman bake anything? Because if you bake something that's too hot and the snowman will melt. And the snowman said, because he was made out of a magic snowflake, he actually had an oven inside him. And if you press on the snowman's belly button, a secret compartment opens up and then inside is an oven where you could bake any kind of cookie you want. So Logan said, can it make dinosaur cookies? And the snowman said, of course, because I came from that silver magic snowflake. So Logan pressed the snowman's belly button and the belly opened up and inside there was a magic oven that looks like silver. And Logan said, okay, I want a dinosaur cookie. And then the snowman closed his belly button and said, beep, beep, beep. And suddenly he opened his belly button again. And do you know what was there? What? It was a dinosaur cookie that could walk like a real magic yeah, because I think it was because it was a silver snowflake and most snowflakes aren't silver. But there was inside of the snowman's belly, after he opened up his belly, there was a dinosaur cookie that came alive and turned into a real little dinosaur. And the real little dinosaur was saying, snowman, don't eat me up, don't eat me up. Because it was just a little cookie dinosaur. And the little cookie dinosaur was worried that the snowman might eat him. And the snowman who was made out of the magic snowflake said silly dinosaur, I'm your friend. I won't eat you. But the dinosaur was scared. So it went all the way to Logan and his dad and said logan, could you pick me up? So Logan picked up the cookie dinosaur and he noticed the dinosaur smelled very yummy. And the cookie dinosaur said to Logan, are you going to eat me? And Logan told the cookie dinosaur that he was just going to save him and that he would be so nice to him. And the cookie dinosaur said are you my friend? And Logan told the cookie dinosaur that he was really his friend. The cookie dinosaur told the snowman that he was happy that the snowman was also his friend. And he said he wanted to show the magical snowman and also Logan and his dad where there are other dinosaur cookies that are alive. And Logan said okay, should we follow you? And the little cookie dinosaur who had dinosaur eyes and dinosaur teeth but was so little, said to Logan and to the snowman, follow me. And the snowman, the magic snowman started to roll because the bottom of the snowman is like a big wheel. It's like a big ball really. And Logan and his dad started to walk in the snow until the little cookie dinosaur took them all the way to a river which was made up of melted chocolate. In the Chocolate River the dinosaur said this is where dinosaur cookies go if they want to get some chocolate on them. And chocolate is very important to have on a dinosaur cookie. Because chocolate is like, if you're in a live dinosaur cookie then chocolate is like your skin. So if you have chocolate on you, if you're a cookie dinosaur, then the chocolate helps keep you together and it helps make you sturdy and altogether. So Logan said to the dinosaur cookie, are you going to go in the river? And the dinosaur cookie said, yeah, you guys can come too. And the dinosaur cookie jumped in the Chocolate River and got chocolate all over him. And there were little gummy bears and little gummy fishies that were jumping out of the Chocolate River and saying hello to the little dinosaur cookie. Logan asked his dad if they could go in the Chocolate River also. And Logan's dad gave Logan a floaty and they went in the Chocolate River floaty. I think chocolate strong enough. Well, just in case. But Logan said, dad, I'm not so sure I need a floaty in the Chocolate River, so how about you just like stay next to me and watch closely instead. And Logan's dad said, okay. And they started to make chocolate splashes in the river which were very yummy kinds of splashes. Yes. And they would try to gobble them and sometimes when the gummy fish came out of the Chocolate River, they would chomp the gummy fish. And the gummy fish didn't even mind because they liked being inside people gummy fish and gummy bears really like to be inside people's tummies, because that's where they feel good, safe. Yeah, that's where they feel safe. That's why kids like to eat gummy bears, because gummy bears like to be in kids tummies. That's where they feel safe. So Logan had so much fun on the Chocolate River until he heard his mom calling. And Logan said, dad, I think I hear mom calling. And they were right. Logan's mom was right next to the river and said, logan, you did such a good job with the magic snowman and with the snowball that threw by itself on the tree. That threw itself on the tree. And you're so special. And Logan showed her mom the special snowman and also everything. And Logan's mom was so proud of Logan. And Logan and his family lived happily ever after. The end. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stories. Hi, I'm Elabella. I'm from Brisbane, Australia, and I'm five years old. And every night when I go to sleep, I just love your podcasters. Every night, if you keep food for a long time, it starts to ride. Honey did not go bad because it's mostly just sugar.