Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. Hi, my name is Zoe. I live in San Diego. My birthday is in November 2. How old are you? I'm four and a half. And I want, please, a magic tree, a polar bear named Cuddles, a fairy princess butterfly, and I'm not sure what else. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. We love your podcast. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old listener named Zoe, who's turning five years old on November 2, which is in just two weeks, and who lives in San Diego, California. Zoe asks for us to make up a story that includes a princess fairy butterfly and a polar bear named Cuddles and a magic tree. Once upon a time, long time ago, there was a four year old girl whose name was Zoe. Zoe lived in San Diego, where it was always so warm and so sunny. But one day the weatherman said, it is going to snow. And Zoe said what? I've never heard of snow in San Diego. And Zoe's dad and Zoe's mom said for real? It's going to snow in San Diego? Well, Zoe went to sleep that night wearing her warmest pajamas. And when she woke up that morning, she looked out the window. And do you know what she saw? What? She saw? It was snowing sprinkles. It wasn't regular snow. It was cold, but instead of snowing white snow, there were sprinkles coming down from the sky. And the sprinkles were so many different colors, and they were landing on the sidewalk, and they were landing in the streets, and they were landing all over. And there were people with shovels outside. And the shovels people were using the shovels to clean up the sprinkles, and they would shovel it into plates, and then they would eat up the sprinkles on the plates. And they thought it was so yummy. Well, Zoe asked her parents if it might make sense for her to go on a magical walk, because if it is snowing sprinkles, it's probably a good time to go on a magical walk adventure. And Zoe's dad and Zoe's mom said, okay. And so Zoe and her mom and dad started walking through the sprinkles, and Zoe got to wear her nice new rainbow colored boots. As they were walking through the sprinkles, they found a secret path. The secret path was a little bit far from the ocean, and it had some kind of trees around it, but the trees did not look like regular trees. The trees looked a little bit funny because they were purple. And Zoe told her dad and her mom that they should go walk between the purple trees. As Zoe was walking between the purple trees, zoe saw that there was a princess fairy who looked like a butterfly. She was so small, but she wore a princess crown, and she had a princess dress, and she had eyes that were so blue and the Princess Fairy said, I see, Zoe, that you're going away from the Sprinkles and you're walking to the magical forest. Do you know what's in the magical forest? And Zoe listened as the Princess Fairy Butterfly said, there is some special magic trees in the Magic Forest. And the Princess Fairy Butterfly said, follow me, Zoe. And the Princess Fairy Butterfly flapped her butterfly wings and her crown fell down on the ground. And Zoe picked it up and gave it back to the Princess Fairy Butterfly. And just as she gave it back, she looked up and she saw there was a purple tree with white flowers on the top. And the tree was not a regular tree because this tree had eyes and it had a nose, and the tree even had a mouth. And the tree's roots came out of the ground and turned into legs. This was a really magical tree. The tree got up from the ground yet using its legs, and it started to walk. And the tree went right up to the fairy. And the tree said to the Princess Fairy Butterfly, oh, Princess Fairy Butterfly, I see you brought a visitor to the Magic Forest. And the Princess Fairy Butterfly said it's zoe. She is going to turn five soon. And I wanted to take her to the Magic Forest before her birthday. And the tree said, look at my mouth. And Zoe looked at the tree's mouth. And do you know what Zoe saw? There were gummy Bears in his mouth instead of teeth. It was such a silly tree. And the Princess Fairy Butterfly leaves chocolate made out that looks so similar to leaves. And the leaves of the tree were really special because they looked like bars of chocolate, but really they didn't taste like chocolate. They tasted like lollipops. And the tree told Zoe that this is where the Princess Fairy Butterfly goes to sleep. And the tree said, look up, Zoe. Look up in the sky. Do you see the moon anywhere? And Zoe looked up in the sky. She looked up in the sky and she didn't see the moon. And she didn't see a cookie where the moon was supposed to be. And so she said to the magical tree, no, I don't see any moon. And the Princess Fairy Butterfly said, come on with us, Zoe. Come climb up the tree with your parents. And there was a special ladder, which was pink and blue, that Zoe was able to climb up to go in the tree. And there was a climbing structure that also led up the tree that Zoe's parents climbed up. When they got in the tree, Zoe could not believe what she saw. Do you know what it was? What? It was the moon. And the Princess Fairy Butterfly told Zoe, during the day when you can't see the moon, sometimes it's because the moon is sleeping. And the moon goes to sleep in this magical tree where the Princess Fairy Butterfly also lives. And that's why people can't see the moon sometimes during the day. Other times during the day, when you look up at the sky, you could see the moon. But whenever you can't see the moon, it's because the moon is sleeping in the magical tree. And Zoe looked at her dad and said, Are you sure that's what happens? Because I thought the moon was on the other side of the planet when we couldn't see it. And her dad said, I don't know. This is what the magical tree is saying. And Zoe said, how about the magical tree goes for a walk through the magic forest and sees what happens? And the Princess Fairy said, in a secret language, canyadar Lopez. And suddenly the magic tree started to walk through the secret forest over the Sprinkles until it got to a place where there was so much real snow. And in the snowy place, they saw a polar bear. The polar bear was sitting on top of a rainbow and it was sliding down the rainbow just like the rainbow was a slide. And the polar bear was looking on the ground. And the princess Fairy Butterfly said polar Bear. Polar Bear. What's your name? And the polar bear said, My name is Cuddles. And Zoe said, Cuddles, the Polar Bear, what are you looking for through the snow? And the polar bear said, I need a toothbrush because my teeth are so dirty and I was going to go to sleep. And Zoe said, well, we don't have any toothbrushes here. And the Princess Fairy Butterfly looked down, and do you know what she found? What? A broom. And the polar bear started brushing his teeth with a broom and also with a mop, which was so silly. Was that his floss and toothbrush? Yeah. And that was his floss and toothbrush, because it was a really silly polar bear. Yeah. And the polar bear said his feet were cold from walking in the snow so much, so he wanted to go to the shoe store and buy some polar bear boots. Well, the Princess Fairy Butterfly said, whistle dizzle wazzle wazzle Duzel diesel whizzle and suddenly there were some twinkly things, and then there was some fog, and out of the ground appeared a shoe store and the polar Bear and the Princess Fairy Butterfly. And Zoe and her parents went in the shoe store, but the magical tree couldn't go in because he was too big. And the polar bear got some boots and put the boots on. And then Zoe's parents looked at their watch and her dad said, It's getting late, so we're going to have to go home. And Zoe said bye bye to the Princess Fairy Butterfly, to the polar bear named Cuddles, and to the magic tree. And she decided she would come back a different day. And Zoe went home, and soon enough she had her birthday and turned five. And Zoe and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.