Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Lucy. Lucy woke up one morning, and her dad announced a special surprise. Usually, Lucy had some eggs for breakfast, but today the special surprise was waffles and pancakes with maple syrup. Lucy was really happy, so she got dressed and she went downstairs. When she got downstairs, her mom and her dad were making the yummiest kind of waffle and the yummiest kinds of pancakes. And the pancakes were in the shapes of, like, Mickey Mouse. One of the pancakes was in the shape of the letter L for Lucy. And there was another pancake that Lucy's mom made in the shape of a kitty cat.

Well, once the pancakes were all done, it was time to eat them. And so Lucy got her plate ready, and she sat down at the table. She was ready to eat the L pancake first, so she put some maple syrup on it, and then she started to eat it. It was a very yummy pancake, but she wanted some more. So then she told her parents that it was time to eat the kitty cat one, and her parents said okay. So Lucy got her fork, and she cut off a little piece of the kitty cat pancake, and she started to eat it.

Once the kitty cat pancake went in Lucy's mouth and started to go down into her tummy, Lucy could feel something silly happening on the bottom of the chair right by her tushy. She was growing a kitty cat tail, and the tail was furry, just like a kitty cat. Lucy thought this was very interesting because she always wanted to be like a kitty cat, like for Halloween or to dress up. And she didn't know that the kitty cat pancake would turn her into a kitty cat. But she kept eating a little bit more, and then her ears turned into kitty cat ears, and her arms and legs turned into kitty cat arms and legs. And soon Lucy became a cat.

When Lucy's parents came into the kitchen to look at their daughter Lucy, they were so surprised when there was a big furry cat that could talk. That cat's name was Lucy. And the cat had a big L on its head. The L was white, and it looked kind of like the pancake with some whipped cream. So Lucy told her parents that the maple syrup they put on the pancake must have been a special kind. And her mom said that they really did get that maple syrup from a special store where they had, like, teeth and that kind of stuff. And so her mom thought that maybe it was like where the tooth fairy went, also sometimes to shop. And the tooth fairy might have accidentally left some magic dust in the maple syrup.

Well, Lucy was really happy to be a kitty cat, but she also wanted to make sure that she could turn back into a person. So she told her parents, quick, before we run out of the maple syrup, I need you to make me a person-shaped pancake so that after I'm done being a kitty cat, I could turn back into a person. Lucy's parents said that was a good idea. And Lucy started to crawl around the house just like a kitty cat.

When Lucy went outside, all of the kids wanted to play with her because they thought she was so soft and so furry and so cute. One of the kids said, Lucy, can you come to my house and be my pet? And Lucy was able to talk. She didn't just meow. And she told them that she couldn't be anybody's pet because she lived in a house already, and she had to go back to her parents. And plus, she didn't want to always be a kitty cat. It was just for now.

Well, those kids said okay, but they also wanted to play with her for so much time. One of the kids gave Lucy some kitty kibbles. Lucy smelled the kitty kibbles, and she remembered that when she was a person, kibbles didn't smell that yummy. But now that she was a kitty cat, they smelled like lollipops. And so she started to numb NUM NUM and eat up all of the kitty kibbles that one of the kids gave her. But then she saw something. The thing that she saw was in the grass next to a hole. It was a mouse.

And when Lucy saw the mouse, usually she was afraid of the mouse when she was a person, but now she wasn't afraid. Now, when she smelled the mouse, all she wanted to do was to go get it. And Lucy's parents told her, Lucy, don't eat up the mouse. It's just going to be a friendly mouse. But it was too late. Lucy was a fast kitty cat, and she ran all the way to the mouse. When she caught the mouse, the mouse said please don't eat me. And Lucy said, how could you even talk? And the mouse told Lucy that it used to be a person also, and that one day, its mom gave it a waffle that was the shape of a mouse, and it turned into a mouse, and it didn't know how to get to be a person again.

Lucy told the mouse that she wouldn't eat the mouse because it also used to be a person. And the mouse said thank you. Instead, Lucy decided to walk with the mouse all the way back to her parents. And Lucy told the mouse that she would take care of it and be a good kitty cat while Lucy and her parents went back to Lucy's house. And when they got back to Lucy's house, they also saw that there was an ant. The ant looked like a regular ant. It was like little. It had an ant head. It had little antennas coming from its head. But this ant could also talk.

And the ant told Lucy that it lived in a different house in Booneton, New Jersey, and it also had a pancake in the shape of an ant, and it turned into an ant. So Lucy told her parents, and her mom said it must have been the maple syrup from the store with the teeth that the tooth fairy, she thought, might have left some magic dust in. And so Lucy told all of the animals, the mouse and the ant, that they could go inside her house.

And once they were inside her house, Lucy had her plan all ready. First, she told her mom to make another pancake that was a person face. And then she told her mom to make even another. And then she told the mouse and the ant that they would all eat the person-shaped waffles together. And then Lucy's mom brought it out, and they started to eat it up. And just as Lucy started to eat up her waffle, she started turning back into a person. Her tail disappeared. Her legs became people legs again.

And the mouse also the mouse was really a friend that she knew from school. And she was so surprised because she didn't know that that guy turned into a mouse. But once he started eating the pancake, he turned into a regular kid again. The funniest one was the ant because the ant was really little, so it only could take teeny little bites of the person-shaped pancake. But once the aunt started to take those teeny, tiny bites, it got bigger and bigger until the aunt turned into her grandma. How could a grandma be an aunt? But then Lucy knew what happened. Her mom had gone shopping in the store with a maple syrup with her grandma. And that's why Lucy's grandma also turned into an aunt.

So Lucy was so happy that she was back into the regular Lucy, a person, and that the mouse was back into her friend from school and at the aunt was back into her grandma. And she told her parents that they should have a party to celebrate, but that they should save up some of the special maple syrup in case they wanted to turn back into animals another time. And they had a little party. And then Lucy and her family lived happily ever after. The end.