Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Jack. Jack was two years old, but soon he was going to be three years old. And when the day of his birthday came, his parents told him that they should have a picnic right by a river. And he said, okay, because Jack loved to see what kinds of mysteries and special things he would find by a river. When his family got to a river, they saw there was a little troll bridge. And under the troll bridge, there was a friendly alligator named Kwame. And Kwame was not a normal alligator because normal alligators are usually green. Kwame was a purple alligator, and Kwame had a special alligator toothbrush which had two sides of brushes on it, and he used it to brush his alligator teeth. And Kwame also wore an alligator crown, and he wore a cape. And Kwame told Jack that it was a magic cape.

Well, as Kwame's parents were setting up the picnic for the birthday cake, Jack went to talk to the alligator named Kwame. And Kwame sneezed on Jack. And as Kwame sneezed on Jack, he said, Bless you. And suddenly Jack started to feel that his blood got a little bit hot and there were some red splatches and a rash on his skin, and his lips started to feel a little bit dry, and he got a fever. Jack was not feeling well. When Jack was not feeling well, he decided to go to alligatorland. To get to the alligator land, he had to pass another troll bridge and go to a place which was hidden in the forest. And that not a lot of kids know about the alligators. In alligatorland were all very nice, and some of the alligators also had rashes, and some of the alligators were wearing masks, and some of the alligators carried some special instruments. The alligators looked a little bit like doctors, but they weren't really doctors because they weren't people. They were alligators. But the alligators could stand up and take temperature, and sometimes they poked you a little bit, and that didn't feel nice, but they also gave you medicine to feel better.

Well, as Jack was walking around alligator land, he heard a rum rum noise, and it wasn't the rum of a motorcycle. And it also didn't sound like a car. And also, cars would get stuck in alligator land because there's so much mud and muck, and cars wheels get stuck in the mud and muck, and a motorcycle definitely would have fallen down because motorcycles only have two wheels. While also, this was a bigger rumrum. It wasn't like rumrum. Instead, it was like rumrum. And when alligator looked up, he saw a big monster truck, and its name was G. Rex. And it was driving through the muck and the mud and the swampy part. And since its wheels were so big, the monster truck's wheels were as big as a whole regular car, and they turned around so much and were so grippy. Well, Grex was able to go right through the alligator land, and G Rex would go to alligators and give them different magic medicine to make their rashes go away and to make them feel all better. G. Rex came right up to Jack, and Jack said, grex, what are you doing? And G rex had a special gift for Jack. The gift looked a little bit like a blanket, but Jack knew that it was really a magic cape. And Grex gave the magic cape to Jack. And Jack put the magic cape on, and he saw it looked like there was some lightning going through the magic cape and some electricity going through it, but it also looked safe to put on. And Grex, the monster truck said that it was safe to put on. So Jack put on the magic cape, which looked like it had some lightning and electricity in it going zap zoop and zeep, and it made little lights, and it looked a little bit like a blanket, but it was more of a cape. And when he put it on, something special happened. First, Jack's blood got a lot less hot. It felt like regular blood again. Also, Jack's red rashes went away. And if ever Jack saw an alligator with a mask that looked scary coming to him, all he had to do was put his cape on top of him, and he could become invisible, and none of the alligators or anyone else would be able to find him. So it looked a little bit like a blanket. But Jack wasn't hiding under a blanket. It was really a magic cape.

Well, as Jack was hiding with his magic cape because there was an alligator that he didn't want to come, Jack heard a noise, and the noise was very nice sounding. It sounded like a big girl, and it sounded like a big girl who wanted to play, because the big girl said, Can I play with you, Jack? And Jack looked up outside of his invisible cape, and do you know who he saw? He saw Princess Jennifer. And Princess Jennifer said, Jack, I know that not a lot of people know that we're friends, but I wanted to come visit you here while you're in alligator land, and I think we should play a game. And Princess Jennifer also asked Jack if he had superpowers now that Jack was wearing the magic cape. And Jack told Princess Jennifer that he did have superpowers and he could become invisible, and he could make his blood feel a little bit colder, and he could make his rashes go away, and he could make his lips feel nicer. And Princess Jennifer said, wow. And Princess Jennifer asked Jack if he would want to have a race. And Jack said yes. I love to have races. And so Princess Jack and sorry, Princess Jennifer and Jack decided to have a race to the picnic where Jack's parents were waiting for him. And Jack and Princess Jennifer started to race. And Jack put on his turbo speed, and he was able to go so fast and win the race. And Princess Jennifer said that he did such a good job. And Jack told Princess Jennifer that it's okay because she came in second place. And when they got to the parents picnic, Jack's mom and Jack's dad was there. And Jack asked his mom why she didn't go with him to the alligator land. And Jack's mama said that she had to stay home for a little bit and she wasn't allowed in the alligator land. And Jack's dadda said, well, I stayed with you. And Jack said that he did. And Jack's mama and Jack's daddy had a special birthday cake waiting. And Jack decided to put the magic cape on top of the birthday cake. And he hid the birthday cake. And Jack's mama and dad, they were like, what happened to the birthday cake? Where did you put it? And Jack told them that he had a secret and it was his invisible magic cape, and that's where he put the birthday cake. Well, Jack took the invisible magic cape off of the birthday cake, and suddenly it started to twinkle, and it looked like it tasted so yummy. And Jack and Princess Jennifer and his parents started to have some birthday cake.

Well, as they were waiting, Jack's friend Kwame asked if he could have some birthday cake, too. And Jack said okay. So Jack gave Kwame the alligator some birthday cake. And after he ate it, Kwame the silly Alligator brushed his alligator teeth. And Princess Jennifer and Jack laughed so much, and there were some policemen on the side who said, wow, Jack, you saved the day. You have special powers. And Jack and his family and Princess Jennifer and the monster truck G Rex, and Kwame the Alligator and everyone else lived happily ever after. The end.