Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse were very excited because when they checked their front door in the morning, they saw that there was a big present waiting in front of their front door for them. The wrapping paper of the present showed a lot of robots on it. Jesse and Jonah said, "Mom, Dad, we got a present!" They asked if they could take off the wrapping paper to open it up, and their parents said, "Okay."

So Jonah and Jesse took the robot wrapping paper off and they saw that inside there was a real robot. When the robot got out of the box, it said, "Are you my master?" Jesse and Jonah didn't really know what to say because they were surprised to even get the present. It wasn't like it was their birthday, and it wasn't like it was Christmas or anything like that. It was just a surprise. But Jonah said yes, and Jesse said, "I'm also your master." The robot said, "I have to do whatever you want me to." Then it stuck its robot hand out and said, "Shake my hand." Jesse shook the robot's hand. Jonah wasn't sure if he should shake the robot's hand.

Jesse and Jonah had to go to school that day, so they told the robot to wait in their house while they went to school. The robot asked them if it should do anything, and Jonah told the robot that it should clean his room so that he didn't have to do it later. Jesse said, "And also, can you make us a pillow and blanket fort so that when we come back from school, we'll have that?" The robot said, "Okay, your wish is my command."

Jesse and Jonah went into their mom and dad's car. When they got closer to the car, Jesse saw that his finger had a little bit of magnet power, like a fridge magnet or something like that. It was able to make the car, which was parked, get closer to him. He also was able to open the door of his car by just pointing at it and then making an open motion with his hand.

So when Jesse and Jonah were inside the car on the way to school, Jesse passed by one of his friends in his friend's parents' car. His friend was also on the way to school. Jesse waved his hand back and forth to say hi to his friend Luka. As he waved his hand back and forth, Luka's family's car moved back and forth. That's when Jonah told Jesse that Jesse was able to control cars with just his hand because his hand had magnet power. Jesse said, "Well, how did my hand get magnet power?" Jonah said, "It's because you shook the robot's hand this morning." Jonah tried to see if he could control cars with his hand, but he wasn't able to because he didn't shake the robot's hand.

So Jesse decided he wouldn't wave to any friends anymore because he didn't want to move their cars, as that could be dangerous. He was going to say hi with just his mouth, not his hand. And so Jesse didn't want to say hi to his friends by waving with his hand because then it would just move their cars. He decided he would just say the words "hi" so this way it wouldn't move any cars. But when he said the word "hi," it sounded like he was talking into a microphone. The word was very loud, and it was like there was a loudspeaker on the road, and all the people in all the cars next to Jesse turned around to see who was saying hi. Jesse didn't even know that he had that loudspeaker power.

Well, Jesse finally got dropped off at school, and he told his teachers that he was going to be careful because he didn't want to point to a swing and just make his friends swing up and down automatically. He didn't want to make the slide float in the air, and he only wanted to be careful with his new powers. So his teacher said, "Jesse, are you going to come play outside?" Jesse said very quietly, "Yes," because he didn't want it to sound so loud, like he was talking into a microphone. And that whole day, Jesse was very careful not to cause any trouble and not to make anything move.

When his mom picked him up from school, Jonah was waiting in the car, and he asked Jesse if he did anything special. Jesse said that he was very careful and he didn't cause any trouble. So Jesse and Jonah went home to their house, and Jesse didn't wave to anyone on the way. He also didn't say hi to any of his friends, even though he passed by a couple of friends.

When Jesse and Jonah finally got to their house, they saw that their house was covered in blankets. Jesse said, "Oh, wait. When I told the robot to make a fort, I meant to make a little fort inside our house." But the robot must not have understood, and the robot made their whole entire house into a fort. All of the neighbors were standing in a line right by Jonah and Jesse's house, and they were asking, "Where did my blankets go? And where did my pillows go?" Jonah had to explain to them that the robot took their blankets and pillows away because it was making a fort on their house.

When Jesse finally went into the fort and he opened the front door, the robot said, "Look at the cool fort that I made." Jesse told the robot that it wasn't allowed to make a fort like that. The robot said, "And I also cleaned your room." Jesse and Jonah said, "Okay, let's go look." They went inside their room to look, and guess what. Their bunk bed was disassembled. The robot took apart all of their dressers and their whole bunk bed. It was like little pieces of wood that were neatly arranged with all of the screws because the robot thought that cleaning up the room meant to take apart the bunk bed and the dressers. The whole carpet was all folded up in a nice pile, and the clothes were in one big pile from the floor to the ceiling.

Jesse said, "No, robot, you don't understand. That's not how you were supposed to clean our room." The robot got a little sad and started to cry. When the robot started to cry, its tears dripped down into its batteries. Then there was a zapping sound, and the robot turned off. Jonah said, "Oh no. Now that the robot is off, how are we going to reassemble our bunk bed and the dresser? And how are we going to get enough ladders to clean up the fort that the robot made all over our house?" Jesse said that they would have to put new batteries in the robot.

So they went into their garage, and they got some AAA batteries, and they put them back in the robot. The robot finally woke up, and the robot said, "Are you my master?" because it didn't remember anything from before. Jesse said yes, and the robot said, "Shake my hand." Jesse said he didn't want to shake the robot's hand because he knew that would just give him magnet powers. The robot said, "Can we play?" Jonah had an idea. He said, "Yes, we can play." The robot said, "What's the game?" Jonah told the robot that the game was to reassemble the bunk bed and to reassemble the dresser. Then the game was to put the clothes back in the dresser. The robot said, "Okay, who goes first?" Jonah told the robot that it goes first.

So the robot very quickly reassembled the bunk bed and the dresser and said, "What else can we play?" Jesse said, "The next game is to take all of the blankets and pillows off the house and to return them to the neighbors." The robot said, "That is such a fun game." It quickly did all of that. Then the robot said, "What else can we play?" Jesse said, "Actually, I have to turn you off for a little bit while we go to sleep." Jesse turned the robot off, and they went to sleep.

And that's how Jesse and Jonah figured out how to get the robot to really do what they wanted. Jesse and Jonah and the robot and their friends lived happily ever after. The end.