Aya nayo AI. Welcome to makeup. Starry eve. My name is AV. Go to makeupstaries.com and join our club. Thank you, nayo AI. Jesse, what do you want the story to be about a person that when he touches cars, the cars move away without you in them, they can drive by itself. Okay. Jesse wants the story to be about a person that when the person touches cars, the cars move away and drive by themselves. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse were very excited because when they checked their front door in the morning, they saw that there was a big present that was waiting in front of their front door for them. And the wrapping paper of the president showed a lot of robots in it. And Jesse and Jonah said, mom, dad, we got a present. And they asked if they could take off their wrapping paper to open it up. And their parents said, okay. So Jonah and Jesse took the robot wrapping paper off and they saw that inside there was a real robot. And when the robot got out of the box, it said, are you my master? And Jesse and Jonah didn't really know what to say because they were surprised to even get the present. It wasn't like it was their birthday. Wasn't like it was Christmas or anything like that. It was just a surprise. But Jonah said yes. And Jesse said, and I'm also your master. And the robot said, I have to do whatever you want me to. And then it stuck its robot hand out and said, Shake my hand. And Jesse shook the robot's hand. Jonah wasn't sure if he should shake the robot's hand. Jesse and Jonah had to go to school that day, so they told the robot to wait in their house while they went to school. And the robot asked them if it should do anything. And Jonah told the robot that it should clean his room so that he didn't have to do it later. And Jesse said, and also, can you make us a pillow and blanket for it so that when we come back from school, we'll have that? And the robot said, okay, your wish is my command. And Jesse and Jonah went into their mom and dad's car. And when they got closer to the car, jesse saw that his finger had, like a little bit of magnet power, like kind of like a fridge magnet or something like that. It was able to make the car, which was parked, get closer to him. And he also was able to open the door of his car by just pointing at it and then making, like, an open motion with his hand. So when Jesse and Jonah were inside the car on the way to school, jesse passed by one of his friends in his friend's parents car. And his friend was also on the way to school. And Jesse waved his hand back and forth to say hi to his friend Luka. And as he waved his hand back and forth, luca's family's car moved back and forth. And that's when Jonah told Jesse that Jesse was able to control cars with just his hand because his hand had magnet power. And Jesse said, well, how did my hand get magnet power? And Jonah said, It's because you shook the robot's hand this morning. And Jonah tried to see if he could control cars with his hand, but he wasn't able to because he didn't shake the robot's hand. So Jesse decided he wouldn't wave to any friends anymore because he didn't want to move their cars, because that could be dangerous, because he didn't want the cars to get into it. He was going to say to say hi is just say hi of his mouth, not like his hand. Yeah. And so Jesse didn't want to say hi to his friends by waving with his hand, because then it would just move their cars. He decided he would just say the words high, so this way it wouldn't move any cars. But when he said the word high, Jesse, it sounded like he was talking into a microphone. The word was very loud, and it was like there was a loudspeaker that was on the road, and all the people in all the cars next to Jesse turned around to see who was saying hi. And Jesse didn't even know that he had that loudspeaker power. Well, Jesse finally got dropped off in school, and he told his teachers that he was going to be careful because he didn't want to point to a swing and just make his friends swing up and down automatically. And he didn't want to make the slide float in the air, and he only wanted to be careful with his new powers. So his teacher said, Jesse, are you going to come play outside? And Jesse said very quietly, yes, because he didn't want it to sound so loud, like he was talking into a microphone. And that whole day, Jesse was very careful not to cause any trouble and not to make anything move. And when his mom picked him up from school, jonah was waiting in the car, and he asked Jesse if he did anything special. And Jesse said that he was very careful and he didn't cause any trouble. So Jesse and Jonah went home to their house, and Jesse didn't wave to anyone on the way. And he also didn't say hi to any of his friends, even though he passed by a couple of friends. When Jesse and Jonah finally got to their house, they saw that their house was covered in some blankets. And Jesse said, oh, wait. Because when he told the robot to make a fort, he meant to make like a little fort inside their house. But the robot must not have understood. And the robot made their whole entire house into a fort. And all of the neighbors were like, not they were, like, standing in a line right by Jonah and Jesse's house. And they're like, Where did my blankets go? And where did my pillows go? And Jonah had to explain to them that the robot took their blankets and pillows away because it was making a fort on their house. And the robot, when Jesse finally went into the fort and he opened the front door, the robot was like, look at the cool fort that I made. And Jesse told the robot that he wasn't allowed to make a fort like that. And then the robot said, and I also cleaned your room. And Jesse and Jonah said, okay, let's go look. And they went inside their room to go look, and guess what. Their bunk bed was disassembled. And the robot took apart all of their dressers and their whole bunk bed. And it was like little pieces of wood that were neatly arranged with all of the screws, because the robot thought that cleaning up the room meant to take apart the bunk bed and the dressers. And the whole carpet was all folded up in a nice thing, and the clothes was in one big pile from the floor to the ceiling. And Jesse was like, no, robot, you don't understand. That's not how you were supposed to clean our room. And the robot got a little sad, and it started to cry. And when the robot started to cry, it's like tears dripped down into its batteries. And then there was like a zapping sound. And then the robot turned off, and Jonah said, oh, no. Now that the robot is off, how are we going to reassemble our bunk bed and the dresser? And how are we going to get enough ladders to clean up the fort that the robot made all over our house? And Jesse said that I'll have to put new batteries in the robot. So they went into their garage, and they got some AAA batteries, and they put it back in the robot. And the robot finally woke up, and the robot said, Are you my master? Because it didn't remember anything from before. And Jesse said yes. And the robot said, Shake my hand. And Jesse said he didn't want to shake the robot's hand because he knew that would just give him magnet powers. And the robot said, can we play? And Jonah had an idea. He said, yes, we could play. And the robot said, what's the game? And Jonah told the robot that the game was to reassemble the bunk bed and to reassemble the dresser. And then the game was to put the clothes back in the dresser. And the robot said, okay, who goes first? And Jonah told the robot that it goes first. So the robot very quickly, lickety split, reassembled the bunk bed and the dresser and said, what else can we play. And Jesse said, the next game is to take all of the blankets and pillows off the house and to return them to the neighbors. And the robot said, that is such a fun game. And it quickly did all of that. And then the robot said, what else can we play? And Jesse said, actually, I have to turn you off for a little bit while we go to sleep. And then Jesse turned the robot off, and they went to sleep. And that's how Jesse and Jonah figured out how to get the robot to really do what it wanted. And Jesse and Jonah and the robot and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. This is the best club ever. Tell your friends ayada.