Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived with a circus and would always travel wherever the circus traveled. Jonah and Jesse's job was to take care of the elephants in the circus. There was one special elephant that was especially Jonah and Jesse's friend. That elephant was named Slumpy. The reason the elephant was named Slumpy is because it had a long trunk, much longer than a regular elephant's trunk-like nose, and it slumped all the way to the ground.

Jonah and Jesse had some big sponges that they would use to clean the elephant and give it a sponge bath. Jonah and Jesse would sometimes get to go on elephant rides, and there was a ladder that they would climb up to get to the top of the elephant. When they were on the elephant, Jesse had a big, long stick. At the end of the stick, he had a string. Jesse put a piece of celery on the string in front of Slumpy the elephant. Slumpy the Elephant would see it in front of him, and he would go wherever Jesse was pointing with his stick and string. Jesse and Jonah were really good at taking care of Slumpy the elephant.

One day, the head of the circus told Jesse and Jonah that they were going to go to a different town, and that Slumpy the Elephant couldn't go with them. Jesse and Jonah were very sad because Slumpy the Elephant always came with them. Who would take care of Slumpy if they left him alone? So Jesse made a special goodbye present for Slumpy. He tied a big ribbon around the present and gave it in a box to Slumpy. Slumpy sniffed the box, and using his long trunk, he opened the bow. Then Slumpy opened the box. When he opened it up, he saw a little toy race car.

Jesse told Slumpy that because he was a good elephant, the race car would turn into magic after Jesse and Jonah left the town. Jesse went in the big caravan with all of the fair equipment and waved goodbye to Slumpy. Slumpy was all alone. Slumpy looked at his little race car that Jesse gave him, and as Jesse was waving in the caravan, he saw Slumpy looking at his little race car. The race car got bigger and bigger. The race car became so big, it was big enough for Slumpy the elephant to fit in it. It was such a strong race car. It was the fastest race car in the world. With an elephant driving it, the elephant could also move its strong elephant legs to help it go. Slumpy was also able to turn a wheel inside the car with his long trunk.

Slumpy got in the race car and decided to race after Jesse and the rest of the circus caravan. Slumpy raced with his race car so fast. The race car was able to go on regular streets, sidewalks, grass, and also right through mud and over Mount Everest. The race car had a kind of rocket engine in it where if Slumpy the elephant blew as hard as he could with his trunk, it got rocket power and was able to go over Mount Everest.

Jesse was looking through the window of one of the cars in the caravan. A caravan is like a group of cars. He saw that Slumpy the elephant was behind the caravan in his race car, and some dirt was squirting out of the back wheels, going on all of the other race cars. Soon the other people from the caravan, including the head of the circus, saw that Slumpy was driving a race car and following them. The head of the circus, whose name was Joe, told everyone in the circus to stop and wait for Slumpy the elephant. They all stopped their cars, got all of the tent equipment out, and told Slumpy the elephant that he could actually go with them to the next town.

Slumpy the elephant saw Jesse, and Jesse got out of his car seat. Slumpy the elephant picked up Jesse with his trunk and tried to hug Jesse. Slumpy the elephant had a little bit of a tear that was going down his eyes. Jesse told Slumpy the elephant not to be sad because they were together again. Slumpy the elephant asked Jesse if he wanted a ride, and Jesse said, okay. Slumpy the elephant said, "No, not an elephant ride, silly. I meant in my race car." Jesse said they would have to ask Joe, the head of the circus, if it was okay. So they asked Joe, and Joe said it was okay.

Jesse put his car seat in the elephant's race car, and Slumpy the elephant started to go. Slumpy the elephant even let Jesse control the race car. Jesse turned on the rocket boosters, and Slumpy the elephant blew out of his trunk, activating the rocket boosters. Everyone in the circus watched as Jesse and Slumpy the elephant drove the race car through the air, zipping around town. Everyone started to cheer for Jesse and Slumpy the elephant.

After they finished their ride, Jesse and Slumpy parked the car next to the whole caravan. Joe, the head of the circus, told Jesse that because he did such a good job saving Slumpy the elephant, they could always go together, and Jesse could be in charge of the circus when he grew up. Jesse, Jonah, and the rest of the circus family lived happily ever after. The end.