Welcome to made up stories. My name is Noah. Made Up Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends a okay, Jesse, what do you want in tonight's makeup story? I want there to be a race car that is fastest in the world, and they can spray mud at other people's race cars, and they can only fit someone like Jesse alien. Okay, so Jesse wants a race car that's the fastest in the world, and it makes mud go in other race cars. Jonah, what do you want in this story? I want a kid named Joe. And Jonah wants a kid named Joe. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse, they lived with a circus, and they would always travel wherever the circus traveled. And Jonah and Jesse's job was to take care of the elephants in the circus. And there was one special elephant that was especially Jonah and Jesse's friend. And that elephant was named Slumpy. And the reason the elephant was named Slumpy is because it had a long trunk, much longer than a regular elephant's trunk like nose, and it slumped all the way to the ground. And Jonah and Jesse, they had some big sponges that they would use to clean the elephant and to give it a sponge bath. Jonah and Jesse would sometimes get to go on elephant rides, and there was a ladder that they would climb up to get to the top of the elephant. And when they were on the elephant, jesse had a big, long stick. And at the end of the stick, he had a string. And Jesse put a piece of celery on the string in front of Slumpy the elephant. And Slumpy the Elephant would see it in front of him, and he would go wherever Jesse was pointing with his stick and string. And so Jesse and Jonah were really good at taking care of Slumpy the elephant. And Jesse and Jonah, they were told one day by the head of the circus that they were going to go to a different town, and that Slumpy the Elephant couldn't go with them. And Jesse and Jonah were very sad because Slumpy the Elephant always came with them. And who would take care of Slumpy if they left him alone? So Jesse made a special goodbye present for Slumpy. He tied a big ribbon around the present, and he gave it in a box to Slumpy. Slumpy sniffed the box, and using his long trunk, he opened the bow. And then Slumpy opened the box. When he opened it up, he saw a little toy race car. And Jesse looked at Slumpy, and Slumpy picked up the race car with his long trunk, and Slumpy looked at the race car. It was so little, and Slumpy was so big. Jesse told Slumpy that because he was a good elephant, that that race car would turn into magic. After Jesse and Jonah left the town. And then Jesse went in the big caravan with all of the fair equipment, and he waved goodbye to Slumpy. Slumpy was all alone. Slumpy looked at his little race car that Jesse gave him, and as Jesse was waving in the caravan, he saw Slumpy looking at his little race car. And the race car got bigger and bigger. And the race car became so big, it was big enough for Slumpy the elephant to fit in it. It was such a strong race car. It was the fastest race car in the world. And with an elephant driving it, the elephant could also move its strong elephant legs to help it go. And Slumpy was also able to turn a wheel inside the car with his long trunk. And Slumpy got in the race car, and he decided to race after Jesse and the rest of the circus caravan. And Slumpy raced with his race car so fast. And the race car was able to go on regular streets and on sidewalks and on grass and also right through mud and also over Mount Everest. And also the race car. It had a kind of rocket engine in it where if Slumpy the elephant blew as hard as he could with his trunk, then it got rocket power, and it was able to go over Mount Everest. Jesse was looking through the window of one of the cars in the caravan. A caravan is like a group of cars. And he was looking through one of the windows, and he saw that Slumpy the elephant was behind the caravan in his race car and that some dirt was squirting out of the back wheels, and it was going on all of the other race cars. And soon the other people from the caravan, including the head of the circus, saw that Slumpy was driving a race car and following them. The head of the circus, whose name was Joe, told everyone in the circus to stop and that they should wait for Slumpy the elephant. And so all of them stopped their cars, and they got all of the tent equipment out, and they told Slumpy the elephant that it could actually go with them to the next town. And Slumpy the elephant saw Jesse, and Jesse got out of his car seat, and Jesse went to Slumpy the elephant, and Slumpy the elephant picked up Jesse with his trunk, and Slumpy the elephant tried to hug Jesse, and Slumpy the elephant had a little bit of a tear that was going down his eyes. And Jesse told slumpy the elephant not to be sad because they were together again. And Slumpy the elephant asked Jesse if he wanted a ride, and Jesse said, okay. And Slumpy the elephant said, no, not an elephant ride, silly. I meant in my race car. And Jesse said they would have to ask Joe, the head of the circus, if it was okay. So they asked joe. And Joe said it was okay. So Jesse put his car seat in the elephant's race car, and the elephant Slumpy started to go. Slumpy the elephant even let Jesse control the race car. And Jesse turned on the rocket boosters and Slumpy the elephant blew out of his trunk, and the rocket boosters were activated. And everyone in the circus watched as Jesse and slumpy the elephant drove the race car through the air, zipping around town. And everyone started to cheer for Jesse and slumpy the elephant. After they started to finish up their ride, jesse and Slumpy parked the car next to the whole caravan. And Joe, the head of the circus, told Jesse that because he did such a good job saving slumpy the elephant, they could always go together and that Jesse could be in charge of the circus when he grew up. And Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The End thank you for listening to make the I am peaching. I am go to pub. Join the club. Tell your friends.