Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big girl named Violet who lived at the end of a rainbow. Violet's house was made out of stones on the outside, and on top of her roof, there was a special garden with lots of different color flowers. Violet's school was not so far from her house, and the school was also made up of a lot of stones. There were big trees next to the school, and there were mats under the trees. The kids could climb up the trees because the trees had ladders, and they also had treehouses. If you fell down, there was a mat on the bottom, so it didn't hurt, and you didn't get a boo boo.

Violet loved to play in her house and at her school with all of her friends at the end of the rainbow. It was a really nice place to live. The reason it was such a nice place to live is because there were also unicorns that lived in this town. The unicorns lived right near the ice cream factory, and the ice cream factory was next to the butterfly lake. One day, Violet's teacher told Violet and the rest of her class that they were going to go on a walk to the ice cream factory. The teacher also said that they would need to bring their boots.

That day, Violet went home to her parents and told her mom and dad to remember to give her boots tomorrow, and also pajamas. Her parents said, okay. The next day, Violet wore her pajamas to school, as did all of her friends, and they also wore their boots. They decided to have a pajama march all the way to the ice cream factory. The teacher told Violet and all of her friends to march single file. And so they did. The teacher said, "March two, three, four, march two, three, four." Violet and all of her friends started to march. It was pretty wet, and there were a lot of puddles. Whenever they marched, they would splash in a puddle and then laugh. Violet thought that was funny.

As they got closer to the butterfly lake, they saw some frogs jumping around. The frogs were green and red, and they would jump from rock to rock. On top of the rocks that the frogs would jump on, there were some lollipops, and there were also butterflies floating around. Sometimes when frogs jumped, there were butterflies sitting on the frog's back. It was a lot of fun to watch what was going on in this lake on the way to the ice cream factory. There were also turtles in the lake, and the turtles seemed really nice. The turtles liked to chew gum, so there was a lot of gum for the turtles. There were also fishies that were jumping out of the water. The fishies weren't real fish; they were kind of like gummy bear fish, but they were swimming in the water and jumping out.

Violet and her friends kept walking past the butterfly lake, and they got closer and closer to the ice cream factory. When they got closer to the ice cream factory, Violet met a few other big girls, and each of the big girls said that they had one power. One of the big girls said that her power was speed power, and the other big girl said her power was wind power. The third big girl said that her power was vision power. They asked Violet what her power was, and Violet didn't know what her power was, so she turned around and asked her teacher, quietly whispering into her teacher's ear, "What's my power?" Violet's teacher said that her power would combine with the other three girls' powers to make a girl power combination. When the girl power forces combined, nothing could stop them.

Violet still didn't know what her power was. The teacher said that Violet's power was that if she put her hands in front of her face and moved her fingers very carefully, she could turn things into rainbows. At the end of the rainbows, there would be so many jewels and fun things to play with. Violet tested it out. She put her hands in front of her face and moved her fingers and looked off in the distance, but nothing happened. Suddenly, Violet held hands with the other three girls she met, all of whom had their own powers. When they held hands and Violet tried it out again, putting one of her hands in front of her face and moving her fingers, it really did create a rainbow. All of Violet's friends, the rest of the class, and even the teacher told Violet that it was a really special rainbow. The rainbow led straight to the ice cream factory.

So Violet marched single file with the rest of her class and the other girls to the ice cream factory. When they got there, a lady opened up the door and said, "Welcome to the ice cream factory. Today is ice cream slide day!" All of the kids got to go down slides made up of ice cream, and they also got to have straws and milkshakes. Some of them got ice cream cones if they asked. Then their teacher said it was time to go back home. Violet was really happy that she got to use her girl power to find the ice cream factory. They started to go back home. On their way back, Violet found something else next to the rainbow she made. It was a unicorn. The unicorn said that his name was Uni, and he asked everyone in Violet's class if they wanted to take turns going on rides. Violet's teacher said that was okay. They all went on unicorn rides next to the Butterfly Lake. They saw froggies jumping up and down, butterflies on turtles and froggies, and Gummy Bear fishies jumping up and down, swimming in the water.

Violet went back home that day at the end of school and told her parents that she had a very fun pajama walk to the ice cream factory. Her parents asked if she discovered that she had any superpower. Violet said that she did. She had a special rainbow girl power. Violet's parents were very proud of her. Violet and her family and all of her friends lived happily ever after. The end.