Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big girl who lived at the end of a rainbow, and her name was Violet. Violet's house was made out of stones on the outside, and on top of her roof, they had a special garden with lots of different color flowers. Violet's school was not so far from her house, and the school was also made up of a lot of stones. And there were big trees next to the school, and there were mats under the trees, and the kids could climb up the trees because the trees had ladders, and it also had treehouses, and if you fell down, then there was a mat on the bottom, so it didn't hurt, and you didn't get a boo boo. 

Well, Violet loved to play in her house and in her school with all of her friends at the end of the rainbow. It was a really nice place to live. And the reason it was such a nice place to live is because there were also unicorns that lived in this town. The unicorns lived right near the ice cream factory, and the ice cream factory was next to the butterfly lake. And so one day, Violet's teacher told Violet and the rest of Violet's class that they were going to go on a walk to the ice cream factory. And the teacher also said that they would need to bring their boots. 

And that day, Violet went home to her parents, and Violet told her mom and dad, remember to give me boots tomorrow, and also pajamas. And her parents said, okay. And the next day, Violet wore her pajamas to school, as did all of her friends, and they also wore their boots, and they decided to have a pajama march all the way to the ice cream factory. And the teacher told Violet and all of her friends to march single file. And so they did. And then the teacher said, march 2, three, 4, march 2, three, four. And Violet and all of her friends started to march. It was pretty wet, and so there were a lot of puddles. And whenever they marched, they would splash in a puddle, and then they would laugh. And Violet thought that that was funny. 

Well, they got closer to the butterfly lake, and when they got to the butterfly lake, they saw that there were some frogs that were jumping around. The frogs were green and red, and the frogs would jump from rock to rock. And on top of the rocks that the frogs would jump on, there would be some lollipops, and there would also be butterflies floating around. Sometimes when frogs jumped, there were butterflies sitting on the frog's back. And it was a lot of fun to watch what was going on in this lake on the way to the ice cream factory. There were also turtles in the lake, and the turtles seemed really nice. The turtles liked to chew gum, and so there was a lot of gum for the turtles. And there were also fishies that were jumping out of the water. The fishies weren't real fish. They were kind of like gummy bear kind of fish, but they were swimming in the water and jumping out. 

Well, Violet and her friends kept walking past the butterfly lake, and they got closer and closer to the ice cream factory. When they got closer to the ice cream factory, Violet passed a few other big girls, and each of the big girls said that they had one power. One of the big girls said that her power was speed power, and the other big girl said her power was wind power. And the third big girl said that her power was vision power. And they asked Violet what her power was, and Violet didn't know what her power was, so she turned around and asked her teacher, quietly whispering into her teacher's ear, what's my power? And Violet's teacher said that her power is going to combine with the other three girls power to make a girl power combination. And when the girl power forces combine, nothing can stop them. 

And Violet said, well, she still didn't know what her power was. And the teacher said that Violet's power was that if she put her hands in front of her face and she moved her fingers very carefully, then she could turn things into rainbows. And at the end of the rainbows, there would be so many jewels and so many fun things to play with. And Violet tested it out. She put her hands in front of her face and moved her fingers and looked off in the distance, but nothing happened. Suddenly, Violet held hands with the other three girls that she met, all of whom had their own powers. And when they held hands and Violet tried it out again and put one of her hands in front of her face and moved her fingers, it did really create a rainbow. And all of Violet's friends and the rest of the class and even the teacher told Violet that that was a really special rainbow. And the rainbow led straight to the ice cream factory. 

So Violet marched single file with the rest of her class and the other girls to the ice cream factory. And when they got there, there was a lady who opened up the door and said, welcome to the ice cream factory. Today is ice cream slide day, and all of the kids got to go down slides made up of ice cream, and they also got to have straws and have milkshakes. And some of them got ice cream cones if they asked. And then their teacher said it was time to go back home. And Violet was really happy that she got to use her girl power to find the ice cream factory. And they started to go back home. And on their way back, Violet found something else next to the rainbow that she made. And what it was, was a unicorn. And the unicorn said that his name was Uni and Uni. The unicorn asked everyone in Violet's class if they wanted to take turns going on rides. And Violet's teachers said that was okay. And they all went on unicorn rides next to the Butterfly Lake. And they saw froggies jumping up and down, and butterflies on turtles, and on froggies and Gummy Bear fishies jumping up and down, swimming in the water. 

And Violet went back home that day at the end of school and told her parents that she had a very fun pajama walk to the ice cream factory. And her parents asked if they discovered that she had any superpower. And Violet said that she did. She had a special rainbow girl power. And Violet's parents were very proud of her. And Violet and her family and all of her friends lived happily ever after. The end.