Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Charlie. Everyone thought that Charlie was a regular kid, because Charlie looked just like a regular kid. And until he was five and a half, Charlie also thought that he was a regular kid. The reason he thought he was a regular kid is because he wore regular clothing, looked regular, talked like a regular person, and did normal things. 

But one day, Charlie was walking around, and he asked his mom for a glass of milk. "Mom, can I have a glass of milk?" His mom didn't hear him. Just as he said that, the refrigerator opened all by itself, and milk went out of the fridge and lifted itself up and poured itself into a cup. That's when Charlie knew that he had a special power. He drank the glass of milk and said, "Mom, can you put the milk back in the fridge?" His mom didn't hear him, and the milk went back in the fridge all by itself. Charlie knew that he had a special power when that happened, and he decided that he would have to tell other people.

The first person that he decided to tell was his dad. Charlie said, "Dad, I have something to tell you. I think I have special powers." His dad said, "Charlie, lots of kids think that they have special powers, but they can't really do things. It's just like a magic trick or something like that." So then Charlie said, "Watch this." He said, "Mom, lift Dad up off the ground and make him float in front of me." Nothing happened. His dad didn't float. Charlie's dad put his hand on Charlie's shoulders and said, "Charlie, I told you that you don't really have magic powers." Charlie said, "Well, Dad, then how did I even pour a glass of milk by itself? It just went by itself. All I have to do is say 'mom,' and then I say what I want to happen, and then it happens all by itself." Charlie's dad said, "Well, you were probably just imagining it because kids have good imaginations. It didn't really happen. You just think that it happened." Charlie didn't want to argue with his dad because his dad just wasn't going to believe him.

So then Charlie decided to go over to his mom, because after all, "mom" was the secret code word that made his powers work. Charlie went over to his mom and said, "Mom, I think I have a secret power." His mom said, "What's the secret power?" Charlie said, "All I have to say is 'mom,' and then I say the thing that I want to happen, and then it happens." Charlie's mom said, "Well, show me." Charlie said, "Okay, mom, lift mom up off the ground." Just as he said that, his mom really did get lifted off the ground. He said, "Look, mom, I told you." His mom was like, "Charlie, that's crazy. How can you do that?" Charlie said, "All I have to say is 'mom,' and then I say what I want, and then it works." So Charlie's mom said, "Okay, can you put me down?" Charlie said, "Okay, mom, put my mom down." Then his mom went back on the ground. Charlie's mom said, "Let's go show this to Dad."

Charlie and his mom went to the bedroom where their dad was, and Charlie went to his dad and said, "Look what I could do, and now you're going to have to believe me." He said, "Okay, mom, go up off the ground." And it didn't work. That's when Charlie realized that his special powers could only work in front of some people. It worked in front of his mom, but it didn't work in front of his dad. Charlie wanted to figure out where his special powers did work and where they didn't work. He told his dad to just, like, go out of the room, and then he would go with his mom to town, and they would go to a playground and see if he could use his powers on other kids.

He went with his mom to a playground right in the middle of town, and then he saw his friend Carter. Carter was playing on the slide, and Charlie thought, "If I say, 'mom, lift mom,' why not say, 'Carter, lift Carter up'?" So that's what he tried. He said, "Carter, lift Carter up." And Carter, as he was going down the slide, went in the air on the slide. He wasn't sliding down the slide; he was sliding down the air on top of the slide. Carter was like, "What? How did you do that? Make me swing." Charlie said, "Carter, make Carter swing." And then Carter started to swing.

Charlie was getting a lot of attention. Everyone in the playground was starting to look at Carter. As everyone was starting to look at Carter, Carter noticed that there was something that looked a little bit like an elf because it was shorter than most people were, and it was wearing a raincoat, a yellow raincoat, even though it wasn't raining. The elf had a tummy that looked like a TV screen. You could see the elf's tummy because part of its raincoat, like the middle part, was missing. The elf was just kind of standing there, and it had a suitcase in its hand. Instead of wearing regular shoes, the elf was wearing mittens on its feet.

Carter told his mom that he thought the elf was responsible for the magic. Carter's mom said that she didn't see the elf. Carter went over to the elf all by himself because Carter was a very brave kid, and he knew that he had these special powers. Carter said, "Elf, make the elf talk." The elf started to talk, and the elf said his name was Charlie, not Carter. The elf said to Charlie, "Charlie, this morning, before you entered the kitchen to have a glass of milk, guess what happened." Charlie said, "What happened?" The elf said that before he had a glass of milk, and when he entered the kitchen, he actually stepped through a portal. It wasn't the regular kitchen that he went into, and he wasn't in the real world anymore. He was in a different kind of world, where there were some people that were magical and other people who were just regular people. Charlie's dad was just a regular person, but Charlie's mom was magical. So Charlie was kind of half magic and half not magic. Charlie's magic could work on some kids, like Carter, but it didn't work on other kids.

Charlie said, "Well, my magic could work on you because I made you talk, and you're an elf." The elf said, "Charlie, look into the TV screen. That's where my belly button should be." Charlie looked into the TV screen, and when he looked into it, he saw that there were some eyes that were staring right back at him, and the eyes were kind of spinning around in circles. As Charlie looked at it, he got really, really dizzy, and he felt like he was losing his powers. He said to his mom, "Mom, I think the elf just tricked me." His mom said, "Charlie, are you okay?" His mom quickly grabbed him.

The next thing Charlie remembered, he was back in his kitchen pouring a glass of milk for himself. Then he woke up, and he was on a bunk bed. The whole bunk bed was covered in milk. It was the weirdest thing because the bunk bed was in the middle of the kitchen. Charlie got up, and his pajamas were all wet, and the pillow was wet, and everything was wet. He said, "Mom, what just happened?" His mom said, "Charlie, are you okay?" Charlie climbed down from the ladder in his bunk bed, and when he got to the floor of the kitchen, he saw that there was milk all over the floor, too. The milk was getting higher and higher so that it was all the way up to his knees. He started to walk through the milk, and all he could see all around him were hundreds of elves that were swimming through the milk because even though the milk was up to Charlie's knees, elves are much smaller, and they had to swim through it.

Charlie said, "Magic, stop." Suddenly the magic went away. Charlie was back at his house, and his dad went right in front of Charlie and said, "Charlie, now I believe that you have magic." Charlie and his family lived happily ever after. The end.