Go ahead. Hi, my name is Charlie. I would like a story about about a bunk bed TV projector and a portal, and I'm also five years old, and I live in Carlisle, Massachusetts. My birthday is and my birth and I'm five years old, and my birth is October 22. Every year until I die, say thank you. Thank you. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Nolan. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the makeup club. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old boy whose name is Charlie. And Charlie asks for us to make up a story that includes a bunk bed, a portal, and a TV. And Jonah's going to tell the story with me because Jesse is already sleeping. You want to say hi? Hello. That's Jonah. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Charlie. Everyone thought that Charlie was a regular kid, because Charlie looked just like a regular kid. And until he was five and a half, charlie also thought that he was a regular kid. And the reason he thought he was a regular kid is because he wore regular clothing. He looked regular. He talked like a regular person. And he did normal things. Yeah, and he did normal things. But one day, Charlie was walking around, and he asked his mom for a glass of milk. Mom, can I have a glass of milk? Yeah. He said, mom, can I have a glass of milk? And his mom didn't hear him. And just as he said that, the refrigerator opened all by itself, and milk went out of the fridge and lifted itself up and poured itself into a cup. And that's when Charlie knew that he had a special power. And he drank the glass of milk, and he said, mom, can you put the milk back in the fridge? And his mom didn't hear him, and the milk went back in the fridge all the way by itself. And Charlie knew that he had a special power when that happened, and he decided that he would have to tell other people. And so the first person that he decided to tell was his dad. And Charlie said, dad, I have something to tell you. Dad, I think of the shopping. Yeah. He said, dad, I think I have special powers. And his dad said, Charlie, lots of kids think that they have special powers, but they can't really do things. It's just like a magic trick or something like that. And so then Charlie said, watch this. And he said, mom, lift dad up off the ground and make him float in front of me. And nothing happened. His dad didn't float. And Charlie's dad put his hand on Charlie's shoulders and said, charlie told you that you don't really have magic powers. And Charlie said, Well, dad, then how did I even pour a glass of milk by itself? And it just went by itself all I have to do is say mom. And then I say what I want to happen, and then it happens all by itself. And Charlie's dad said, well, you were probably just imagining it because kids have good imaginations. And so it didn't really happen. You just think that it happened. And Charlie didn't want to argue with his dad because his dad just wasn't going to believe him. So then Charlie decided to go over to his mom, because after all, mom was the secret code word that made his powers work. So Charlie went over to his mom and said, mom, I think I have a secret power. And his mom said, what's the secret power? And Charlie said, all I have to say is, Mom And then I say the thing that I want to happen, and then it happens. And Charlie's mom said, well, show me. And Charlie said, okay, mom, lift mom up off the ground. And then just as he said that, his mom really did get lifted off the ground. And he said, Look, mom told you. And his mom was like, Charlie, that's crazy. How can you do that? And Charlie said, all I have to say is, Mom And then I say what I want, and then it works. So Charlie's mom said, okay, can you put me down? And then Charlie said, okay, mom, put my mom down. And then his mom went back on the ground. And Charlie's mom said, let's go show this to dad. And so Charlie and his mom went to the bedroom where their dad was, and Charlie went to his dad and said, look what I could do, and now you're going to have to believe me. And he said, okay, mom, go up off the ground. And it didn't work. And so that's when Charlie realized that his special powers could only work in front of some people. Like it worked in front of his mom, but it didn't work in front of his dad. And so Charlie wanted to figure out where his special powers did work and where it didn't work. So he told his dad to just, like, go out of the room, and then he would go with his mom to town, and they would go to a playground and see if he could use his powers on other kids. So he went with his mom to a playground right in the middle of town, and then he saw his friend Carter. His friend Carter, right? Yeah. And Carter was playing on the slide, and then he was like, if I say, mom, lift Mama, why not say, Carter, lift Carter up. Yeah. So that's what he tried. He said, Carter, lift Carter up. And Carter, as he was going down the slide, went in the air on the slide. And so he wasn't sliding down the slide, he was sliding down the air on top of the slide. And Carter was like, what? How did you do that make me swing. And then Charlie said, Carter, make Carter swing. And then Carter started to swing. And so Charlie was getting a lot of attention. Everyone in the playground was starting to look at Carter. And as everyone was starting to look at Carter, carter noticed that there was something that looked a little bit like an elf because it was shorter than most people were, and it was wearing a raincoat, a yellow raincoat, even though it wasn't raining. And the elf had a tummy that looks like a TV screen. So you could see the elf's tummy because part of its raincoat, like the middle part, was missing. And the elf was just kind of just standing there, and it had a suitcase in his hand. And instead of wearing regular shoes, the elf was wearing mittens on its feet. And Carter told his mom that he thought the elf was responsible for the magic. And Carter's mom said that she didn't see the elf. And Carter went over to the elf all by himself because Carter was a very brave kid and he knew that he had these special powers. And so Carter said, Elf, make the elf talk. And the elf started to talk, and the elf said his name was Charlie, not Carter. And the elf said to Charlie, charlie, you this morning, before you entered the kitchen to have a glass of milk, guess what happened. And Charlie said, what happened? And the elf said that before he had a glass of milk. And when he entered the kitchen, he actually stepped through a portal. And it wasn't the regular kitchen that he went into, and he wasn't in the real world anymore. He was in a different kind of world, where there were some people that were magical and other people who were just regular people. And Charlie's dad was just a regular person, but Charlie's mom was magical. So Charlie was kind of half magic and half not magic. And Charlie's magic could work on some kids, like Carter, but it didn't work on other kids. And Charlie said, well, my magic could work on you because I made you talk, and you're an elf. And the elf said, Charlie, look into the TV screen. That's where my belly button should be. And Charlie looked into the TV screen, and when he looked into it, he saw that there were some eyes that were staring right back at him, and the eyes were kind of spinning around in circles. And as Charlie looked at it, he got really, really dizzy, and he felt like he was losing his powers. And he said to his mom, mom, I think the elf just tricked me. And his mom said, Charlie, are you okay? And his mom quickly grabbed him. And the next thing Charlie remembered, he was back in his kitchen pouring a glass of milk for himself. And then he woke up, and he was on a bunk bed. And the whole bunk bed. There was milk all over it. And it was the weirdest thing because the bunk bed was in middle of the kitchen. And so Charlie got up, and his pajamas were all wet, and the pillow was wet and everything was wet. And he said, mom, what just happened? And his mom said, Charlie, are you okay? And Charlie climbed down from the ladder in his bunk bed, and when he got to the floor of the kitchen, he saw that there was milk all over the floor, too. And the milk was getting higher and higher so that it was all the way up to his knees. And he started to walk through the milk, and all he could see all around him were hundreds of elves that were swimming through the milk, because even though the milk was up to Charlie's knees, elves are much smaller, and they had to swim through it. And so Charlie said, magic, stop. And suddenly the magic went away. And Charlie was back at his house, and his dad went right in front of Charlie and said, charlie, now I believe that you have magic. And Charlie and his family lived happily ever after. The end of night. Oh, thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Francis. Go to makeupstory.com to join the club. Tell your friends you close.