Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from two girls named Everly and June. Everly and June asked for us to make up a story that includes a big pink heart and fairies and cotton candy. Once upon a time, long time ago there were two girls named Everleigh and June. Everley and June lived in an airplane that was usually parked in the ground inside the airplane. It looked different than a regular airplane because there was a playground. And in part of the airplane there was a sandbox and in part of the airplane there were swings and there was a climbing structure in the airplane. And it was a very big airplane which had two different levels. And Everleigh's mama was a pilot and Everleigh's dad was the flight attendant. That's the person that gives drinks and stuff on the airplane and snacks. And sometimes, while Everly and June were flying in the plane to different places they would get very yummy snacks. And one day, Everleigh and June told their parents that they wanted to have a big airplane adventure. So their parents got the plane ready on the runway and they started getting ready to take off. And soon Everleigh and June strapped their seatbelts on and their father and mama decided to fly the plane in the air. When they flew the plane in the air, they saw that the sky was pink and there were fairies all over the sky. The fairies had pink dresses on and they had see through butterfly wings and they had long, yellow blonde hair and they had a lot of lipstick on. And the fairies were flying right next to the plane and they were knocking on the airplane windows. Everleigh and June were on the swing inside the airplane and they looked out the windows and they saw the fairies. Everly said to her, mama, mama, look. There's fairies outside of the airplane. Can we let them in? Please? Please? And her mama said okay. But usually when you're in an airplane you should not open the door because if you open the door, it'll be way too windy outside. And someone yeah. And somebody could fly out. And so Everley's mama had an idea. They built a long Lego set and they used the Lego to open the door instead of using their hands. And Everleigh and June were also strapped into their seats. After they opened the door, some fairies came in the airplane. And the fairies were so happy they did a flying fairy dance where they did loop de loops up and down and somersaults in the air. The fairies asked Everleigh and June if they could go on the swing set. And everleigh. And June said okay. And then they watched the fairies do special swing rides where they went all the way up and all the way down. While the airplane was going, the fairies started to say, weebly deep, deep. Weebly deep dubb dub. And suddenly when they looked outside of the window, do you know what they saw? They saw big clouds that were made out of cotton candy. Cotton candy is so yummy. And usually you could get cotton candy if you go to a fair or carnival or a circus. Everleigh and June wanted to know how they could get the cotton candy because most clouds are not made of cotton candy, but these were pink cotton candy clouds. So one of the fairies told Everly and June that she had a good idea. And June said, what is your good idea? And the fairy said, well, fairies are good at flying, so maybe we could get a rope from inside the airplane and we'll take the rope and we'll attach it to a cloud. And then we'll get the cloud in the rope and tie it to the airplane. And then we could bring the cloud back down to earth and then we can all share the cotton candy. And Everleigh said that that was a good idea. But they looked around the airplane and they could not find any rope. So Everleigh's mama said, well, how about we take the swings in the airplane off the swing set? And swings have, like, chains or ropes attached to them and we could have the fairies fly out with the swing set and attach the swings to the back of the clouds and then attach the other side of the swing to the airplane. And this way, the cotton candy clouds would be attached to the swings and the swings would be attached to the airplane and they could fly back down to earth. And they decided to do that. So the ferry said, Weebly. And they got out of the airplane and attached the swings to the cotton candy clouds. And the airplane went vroom and zoomed back down to the earth carrying a big cotton candy cloud. When it landed at the airport, all of the kids in the airport were looking at the airplane that Everly and June lived in. And they looked behind it and they saw the biggest cotton candy cloud that they had ever seen. They opened the door for all the kids to run. Well, the plane got off of their runway and just as they got off of the runway they saw so many kids in the airport run out of the airport and run on the runway towards the plane because there was this big cloud of cotton candy. And all of the kids all the kids wanted to eat it. And the parents said it was okay. And the person in charge of the airport told all of the other planes that they had to stop because there was an exciting thing happening and that was a cotton candy cloud. Well, all of the kids got to go single file and they marched to the cotton candy cloud. And there were different grownups that were holding hands and they also got to march to it when everyone got to the cotton candy cloud. Well, first the fairy said the rule is that people are allowed to climb onto the cloud and they're allowed to eat it. But also everyone has to make room and everyone has to share. And so the kids said that was a good idea. And they got ladders and they climbed up the cotton candy cloud and they started to eat some. Some of the kids decided to take some of the holes. Yeah, some of the kids decided to put some of the cotton candy in their pockets so that they could bring it home. And Everleigh in June said that that was okay because there was so much cotton candy. Well, after the kids had their fill, there was still a lot of cotton candy left. And so Everly and June told the fairies that they could put some of the cotton candy back in the sky. First everly in June. Why not to say it in the airport for a different vacation? Well, Everleigh and June 1 said they had to detach. They had to take off the swings that were holding the cloud down to the airplane. So they took off the swings that were holding the cotton candy cloud to the airplane. And suddenly the cotton candy cloud started to fly up. But under the cotton candy cloud, there was a big pink heart. And the big pink heart was so special because the big pink heart was a magical heart. And whenever somebody touched the pink heart that was under the cotton candy cloud that kid got to feel so special. And all the other kids said that that was the best kid and everyone wanted to play with them first. Everly touched the big pink heart, and when she touched it, she felt that her dress became special and that all the other kids said, yay, yay. We love Everleigh because she's on the pink heart. And then June got to go and all of the kids said, hip, hip, parade. June's on the pink heart. And whoever was on the pink heart became the princess of the airport. And if it was a boy, then the boy became the prince. And the pink heart was so special. And Everleigh and June asked the fairies if they could take little pieces of the pink heart to save in their pockets for a day when they were in need of a friend. And the fairy said it was okay. So Everleigh and June took a piece of the pink heart and put it in their pockets. And then whenever they were lonely or wanted to play with somebody they just touched a piece of the pink heart in their pockets and they stored the cloud on top of the airport. And they kept a piece of the pink hearts. And whenever they wanted to play with someone all they had to do is touch the pink heart. And then the other kids would want play with them and Everleigh and June were so happy and they lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.