Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse sometimes noticed that when they walked outside, there were shadows that followed them around on the ground. They asked their parents about the shadows, but their parents just said it was the sun or light causing them. They weren't so sure if their parents were telling the truth because one day, the shadows got up off the ground and started to talk.

One of the shadows said his name was Jess and that he was Jesse's shadow. Jess explained that he always followed Jesse around because he was listening to secrets that other people would say. Jess told Jesse that all he had to do was follow his shadow to a place where a treasure box was buried. So Jesse started to follow Jess, but in the middle of the forest, he couldn't find his shadow anymore. Jess disappeared, and Jesse was all alone in the forest with his older brother Jonah.

Jonah's tummy was hurting him in the forest, and he asked Jesse how they would ever get out of the forest. Jesse said he didn't know, so they stayed under a tree. Jonah decided to use a stick to mark an X in the dirt where they were so that if anyone found them, they would know that they were by the X. When Jonah made the X in the ground, Jesse saw that it looked like there was a treasure box right under it. They dug and dug until they found the treasure box, which had some shiny gems on top of it.

Jesse opened up the treasure box, and a shadow went right out of it and blew away with the wind. Inside the treasure box, there was a big tag with a picture of a crown on it. Jesse said magic words, and the tag changed to show a picture of a bicycle. Jonah suggested they say magic words to make the trees disappear, and when they did, the trees went away, and they were no longer in the forest.

They started to walk towards the lake where they thought their house was, but the farther they got, they heard giggling and laughing from other kids hiding underground. Jonah and Jesse figured out that the other kids were laughing because their shadows were pretending to be Jonah and Jesse's shadows. They used magic words to make their house appear, but it was empty and didn't have any furniture or their parents inside.

Jonah had an idea to make the house talk, and the house told them that they were in a shadow world. The house explained that they needed to shine a flashlight on themselves, create new shadows, and walk backwards to find their real house. They followed the house's instructions and eventually made it back to their real town with the treasure box.

They showed the other kids in the town the fun treasure box they found. They learned that pirates had taken the jewels and necklaces from the treasure box but left the magic tag behind. Jonah and Jesse got to keep the magic tag, and they lived happily ever after.

The end.