Aya yiddayo. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is issa. Go to makeupstories.com if you want to be in the club. All right, jesse, what do you want to be in tonight's? makesup story x that has a tag in the treasure box, but everyone thinks it's a normal tag, but it's actually a special tag because the tag, when you touch it and you think of something, and you touch the tag, and then something appears on the tag, that is what you think of. So you want, like, x that has a treasure box on it, and in the treasure box, there's a tag, and then whatever you think of appears on the tag. Yeah. Okay. And jonah, what do you want to be in a story? I want a house that can talk. Okay. And jonah wants a house that can talk. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named jonah and jesse. And jonah and jesse, sometimes when they walked outside, they noticed that there were, like, shadows that followed them around on the ground. And sometimes they asked their parents, what makes those shadows? And their parents would just say, oh, it's like the sun or it's light or something like that. And they weren't so sure if the parents were telling the truth, because one day, the shadows got up off of the ground and they went up to jonah and jesse, and the shadows started to talk. And one of the shadows said that his name was jess, and he said that he was my name is jesse. Yeah. And jesse said that he was jesse's shadow and that jesse always followed jesse around because he was listening to secrets that other people would say. And jesse told jesse that all jesse had to do was follow his shadow. Jesse. And that he would go to a place where a treasure box was buried. And so jesse started to follow. Jesse said, oops, I told him the secret to get us away. Yes. And jesse was like, I just told him the secret. And jesse now jesse knew the secret. And so jesse started to follow his shadow. Jesse, as jesse, led him all the way through a forest. But when jesse was in the middle of the forest, he couldn't find his shadow anymore. Jesse disappeared. And then jesse was all alone in the forest. And jesse, when he was alone in the forest, the only one there was his older brother jonah. And jonah's tummy was hurting him in the forest. And jonah said, jesse, how are we ever going to get out of the forest because my tummy is hurting. And your shadow, jesse went away, and jesse said he didn't know. So they stayed under a tree, and jonah decided to use a stick to mark an x in the dirt where they were so that if anyone found them, they would know that they were by the x. And when jonah made the x in the ground of the forest. Jesse saw that it looks like there was a treasure box right under the X. And so Jonah told Jesse that maybe they should dig under the X to see what was in the treasure box. And so they didn't have any shovels, so they had to use their hands to dig. They dug and dug and dug until finally Jesse saw the treasure box. The treasure box had some gems on top of it, and the gems were very shiny. Jesse opened up the treasure box, and he saw that a shadow went right out of the treasure box, and it blew away with the wind. Inside the treasure box, there was a big tag like you might see on some clothing or pajamas that are in stores. And the tag had a picture of a crown on it. And Jesse said magic. Magic. Make there be a picture of a bicycle. And suddenly the tag changed, and there was a picture of a bicycle. And then Jonah said, hey, Jesse, I have an idea. How about we say magic, magic, make the trees disappear. And so Jesse and Jonah, they held their hands together, and they both said, magic, magic, make the trees disappear. And then there was a picture of a big open field. Then they said, magic, magic, make us be at home. Yeah, they said, magic, magic, make the trees disappear. And all the trees went away, so they weren't in the forest anymore. And then afterwards, Jesse was like, okay, now the trees don't block where we can see, so we know which way is home. And they started to walk all the way close to the lake where they thought their house was. But the farther they got closer to the lake, they started to hear some giggling and some laughing, like there were other kids hiding under the ground and laughing for some reason. And so Jonah and Jesse decided to bring the treasure box with them. They were laughing because that was the trick, that it was those shadows that they were pretending to be Jesse and Jonah's. Shadows. Yeah. And Jonah and Jesse figured out that the other kids were laughing because it was their shadows that were pretending to be Jonah and Jesse's shadows. And so Jonah said, magic, magic, make our house appear. And suddenly their house appeared right in front of them. But their house was empty, and it had none of their furniture in it. And their bed wasn't in their house, and their parents weren't in their house, and nothing was there. And so Jesse and Jonah didn't know what to do because even though it looked like their house, they were not able to see their parents. And they couldn't go in their bed because their bed wasn't there. And Jonah had an idea. The reason about this is the parents were moving. Yeah, the reason about that was that their parents had moved somewhere other than this. And also it was a magic house that just looked like their house, but it wasn't really their house. And so Jonah had an idea. He said, magic, magic. Make the house talk. And then suddenly the house grew a mouth right where the front door used to be. And the house was able to talk. And Jonah said, house, where is our real house? And the house opened its mouth, which was right by the front door, and it started to talk. And it said, you are in a shadow world. And the shadow named Jessu convinced you to go into this place that used to be a forest. And this isn't even your real house. If you want to find your real house, you have to shine a flashlight on yourself so a new shadow will go behind you, and then you have to walk backwards and follow your new shadow, and that will take you back to your regular house. And so Jonah said thank you to the house. And Jesse said magic. Magic. Make a flashlight. And the tag in the treasure box showed a picture of a flashlight. And a flashlight appeared on the ground, and Jonah picked it up and he shined the flashlight on him and Jesse. And they saw their new shadows. And Jonah and Jesse started walking backwards, following their new shadows until they got all the way past the pretend lake, out of the forest that had dough trees away from the house that had a big mouth, and all the way back to their real town. When they got back to their real town, they also carried the treasure box with them so that they could show all of the other kids in the town the fun treasure box that they found. And sometimes when they were back the real treasure and jewels on the island, that x pirates came there and they found all of the jewels necklace that were in that treasure box, but they left that tarry because they wished for the jewels and necklace to be in the treasure box. Then they wished for another for ten treasure box and then a potent tag to go there. But they actually have the wheel tag. Yeah. And so the reason the treasure box didn't have like jewels and necklaces and so on was that pirates took that, but the pirates didn't know about the magic tag. And so that's what Jonah and Jesse got to keep. And Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. Andy thank you for listening to Makeup Stories. My name is Climate. Go to makeup story.com to join the group. Tell your friend. Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup Stories, and I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird. AI. Lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www dot Storybird dot AI again, if you want a story then ask your parents to please go to www dot Storybird. AI it's really easy to use.