Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Ashton. She had just become a teenager. Now that Ashton was a teenager, she wondered if she saw the world differently, maybe like an older person. One day, Ashton decided to go for a walk with her friends. They walked on some grass next to a golf course. As they walked, it felt like many people were watching them, and they imagined eyes coming out of the clouds in the sky. It was like the trees had eyes too. Wherever Ashton and her friends looked, it felt like someone was watching.

Ashton and her friends saw a golf cart on the golf course. The golf cart had keys in it and a big sign on top in pink letters that said, "Free to use for whoever comes here first." They could easily read the sign because they were 13. Since there were keys in the golf cart, Ashton and her friends decided to go in it. Ashton asked one of her friends, "Are you sure we should go in it?" Her friend, Emily, said yes, they really should, because the keys were already in the golf cart.

So Ashton, Emily, Capri, and Rhett, her other friends, went in the golf cart. They pressed the pedal, and at first, it didn't move, but then it started to go really slowly, almost like a steamroller. The golf cart was going so slow over the grass. Emily and Rhett said, "This is not a fun golf cart." Just as they said that, the golf cart started to float in the air just a little bit above the grass. As it floated, Ashton and her friends became part of a secret club. The club members could turn anyone into their identical twin. So anyone Ashton and her friends looked at would turn into people who looked exactly like Ashton and had to do whatever Ashton said.

Rhett saw an older man golfing on the golf course far away, and Emily suggested they should drive to the older guy and turn him into a clone of Rhett, an identical twin. Rhett looked at him, and sure enough, he turned into another Rhett. He swung with the golf club, but it slipped, and he fell down. Ashton wanted to try the trick, so she saw an old grandma getting out of her car. Very slowly, Ashton looked at the grandma, and guess what? She turned into Ashton. That's when Ashton and her friends realized they had really special powers from the floating golf cart.

They kept floating around on the golf course, but they decided not to turn everybody into them. Even though it might be nice for someone old to turn into a teenager, they might have different things going on in their lives. So Ashton and her friends parked the golf cart, got off, and started walking around. They noticed that their twins, the clones that looked exactly like Ashton, Emily, and Rhett, were following them and holding up their phones. Ashton asked her friends why the clones were following them and looking at their phones. They decided to go look, but they had to make up an excuse because they didn't want the twins to know that they were the ones who made them into identical twins. Ashton decided a good excuse would be to say that a police officer said they had to go ask them a question because maybe someone got loose from somewhere. Her friends agreed.

They went up to their clones, the people that looked exactly like them, and looked at their phones to see what they were looking at. Ashton and her friends saw that on their phones, they were looking at videos in which they were the stars. It looked like there was a whole TV show made up about them, and that was super strange. It was really weird because they weren't famous. Ashton and her friends were just regular girls who lived in Bountiful, Utah, and played games and did regular things. So to see that not only were their clones identical twins that they made, but also that their clones were watching TV shows about them, well, it was really weird.

Ashton and her friends decided to have a huddle. They stood together in the middle of the golf course and put their heads together to think about what was going on. The one thing they knew for sure was that the special golf cart had something to do with it. Because it was after that that all this weird stuff started to happen. So Ashton decided, why don't they go back in the golf cart and drive it back to where they first found it? All of her friends, Capri, Rhett, and Emily, said, "That's a good idea." So they all got into the golf cart and drove backward all the way to where they came from. They parked the golf cart again with a sign on top of it that said anybody could use it. And they pretended that nothing happened.

Then they started walking back to their houses. As they walked, they noticed that cars were stopping on the street next to them and looking at them. Remember on the way there, they felt like eyes were watching them from the clouds and the trees? Well, now there were real people looking at them too. Ashton and her friends thought this was really weird. They needed to come up with a detective plan to figure out what happened and how to get back to normal. Because even though it was fun to make identical twins, it was also a little bit weird that they were stars of a show and they knew nothing about the show at all.

Ashton and her friends decided the first thing they should do was to get an adult. But Emily said, "Wait, how about we keep it a secret for a little bit longer?" Capri laughed because that was just the kind of thing Emily would say. But Ashton and Rhett decided they would go tell a police officer. They walked to a police station, and inside, they saw all of their clones. All of the police officers looked like Ashton, Capri, Rhett, and Emily. They were like teenagers, but they all looked like 13-year-old girls. It was very strange. That's when they realized the police plan wouldn't work, and they needed to do something else.

They left the police station and walked back to the golf cart. They got in the golf cart and thought, what do we do to fix this situation? Ashton had an idea. She decided to take the key out of the golf cart because it was the key that made it go. So Ashton turned the golf cart off, and then everyone who had turned into them was regular people again. The old lady, the grandma that got out of the car and turned into one of the girls, was an old lady again. The man who was swinging his golf club on the other side of the golf course was an old man again. And all of the people were regular again.

After that, Ashton and her friends got out of the golf cart. They decided to keep the whole thing a secret to themselves and never tell any adult about this story. And Ashton and her friends lived happily ever after. The end.