Is Willie. Welcome to makeup stories. Hi, my name is Ashton, and I'm turning 13 on August 8, and I live in Bountiful, Utah. And I would like a story about a magical golf cart, Nike shoes, and police officers. Thanks. Bye. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Ashton who lives in Bountiful, Utah Law and who turns 13 tomorrow on August 8. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Ashton. Happy birthday, Ashton. And Ashton asked for us to make up a story about a magical golf cart, Nike shoes, and a police officer. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Ashton. She had just become a teenager. And now that Ashton was a teenager, she was curious if she saw the world a little bit differently, maybe like an older person even. While Ashton decided to go for a walk with her friends. And Ashton and her friends walked on some grass next to a golf course. And as they were walking on the grass next to the golf course, it felt like a lot of people were looking at them and they felt eyes all over coming out of the clouds in the sky. It was like the trees had eyes. And wherever Ashton and her friends looked, it felt like they couldn't tell who, but somebody was watching. Well, Ashton and her friends saw that on the golf course there was a golf cart. And the golf cart had keys in it. And there was a big sign on top in pink letters that said, free to use for whoever comes here first. And Ashton and her friends were easily able to read the sign because they were 13. There were keys in the golf cart, and Ashton and her friends decided they would go in it. Ashton asked one of her friends, are you sure we should go in it? And her friend said that, yes, they really should. And the reason they should was because it was actually Emily who said this. Emily said because Ashton has a friend whose name Emily. Well, Emily said, look, it has the keys in the golf cart, so we might as well go in. So Ashton and Emily and Capri and Rhett, her other friends, went in the golf cart. And as they were in the golf cart, they pressed the pedal. The pedal at first didn't make it go, but then it started to go, and it was going really slowly and it was almost like a steamroller. The golf cart was going so slow, going over the grass. And Emily and Rhett said, this is not a fun golf cart. And just as they said that, the golf cart started to float in the air just a little bit on top of the grass. And as it was floating on top of the air, ashton and her friends became part of a secret club. The clubs that they were members of as part of the people who were on the golf cart first was a club of kids who could turn anyone into their identical twin. And so anyone Ashton and her friends looked at would turn into people who looked exactly like Ashton and had to do whatever Ashton said. Well, Rhett saw that there was an older man golfing on the golf course far away, and Emily said that they should drive to the older guy and turn him into a clone of Rhett, an identical twin. And Rhett looked at him, and sure enough, he turned into another Rhett, and he swung with the golf club, and it actually slipped and he fell down. Well, Ashton wanted to try the trick, so Ashton saw there was an old grandma, and the grandma was getting out of her car. Very slowly, Ashton looked at the grandma, and guess what? She turned into Ashton. That's when Ashton and her friends realized that they had really special powers that they got from the floating golf cart. Well, they kept floating around on the golf course, and they decided not to turn everybody into them, because even though it's probably nicer for somebody who's so old to turn into like a kid that's a teenager or about to be a teenager, some of them might have different things that they're doing in their lives. So Ashton and her friends parked the golf cart, they got off, and they started walking around and they noticed that their twins, the clones that looked exactly like Ashton and Emily, there was one of Rhett as well. Capri didn't try any yet. Well, they were following them, and they were holding up their phones. And Ashton asked her friends why the clones, the identical twins that they created that looked exactly like Ashton, Capri, Rhett, and Emily, why they were following them and looking at their phones. And that's when they decided that they would go look. So they had to make up an excuse because they didn't want the twins to know that they are the ones who made them into identical twins. And Ashton decided a good excuse would be to say that a police officer said that they had to go to ask them a question because maybe like there was somebody who got loose from somewhere or something. And Ashton, her friend, said, all right, that's a good idea. And they went up to their clones, the people that looked exactly like them, and they looked at their phones to see what they were looking at. And Ashton and her friends saw that on their phones, they were looking at videos in which they were the stars. It looked like there was a whole TV show that was made up about them, and that was super trippy. It was really weird. Ashton couldn't understand it because they weren't famous. She and her friends, you have to understand, were regular girls. They lived in Bountiful, Utah, and played games and did regular things, and so to see that not only were their clones identical twins that they made, but also that their clones were like watching TV shows about them, well, it was really weird. And so Ashton and her friends decided to have a huddle. And they stood together in middle of the golf course and they put their heads together and they started to think, what's going on here? The one thing they knew for sure is that the special golf cart had something to do with it. Because it was after that that all this weird stuff started to happen. So Ashton decided, why don't they go back in the golf cart and drive it back to where they first found it? And all of her friends, Capri, Rhett, and Emily, said, that's a good idea. So they all got into the golf cart and they put it in reverse and drove backwards all the way to where they came from. And they parked the golf cart again with a sign on top of it that said anybody could use it. And they pretended that nothing happened. And then they started walking back to their houses. And as they started walking back to their houses, they noticed that cars were kind of stopping on the street next to them and looking at them. And remember on the way there, there were kind of like eyes that they saw in the clouds and the trees and everybody was looking at Ashton and her friends. Well, this was even more because now there were real people looking at them too. And Ashton, her friends thought this was really weird. Well, they needed to come up with a detective plan to figure out what happened and how to get back to normal. Because even though it was fun to make identical twins, it also was a little bit weird that they were stars of a show and they knew nothing about the show at all. So Ashton and her friends decided the first thing they should do is to get an adult. But Emily said, wait, how about we keep it a secret for a little bit longer? And Capri laughed because that was just the kind of thing that Emily would say. But Ashton and Rhett decided that they would go tell a police officer. And so they walked to a police station and they got into the police station, and in the police station, do you know what they saw? What? They saw all of their clones, all of the police officers looked like Ashton and Capri and Rhett and Emily. And all of the police officers did not look like, I mean, they were like teenagers, but they all looked like 13 year old girls. And it was very strange. So that's when they realized that the police plan wouldn't work and they needed to do something else. Well, they got out of the police station and they decided to walk back to where the golf cart was. They got in the golf cart. And they were thinking, what do we do? What do we do to fix this situation? And do you know what they did, bud? What? Ashton had the idea. She decided she would take the key out of the golf cart because it was the key that made it go. So Ashton turned the golf cart off and then everyone who had turned into them was regular people again. The old lady, the grandma that got out of the car that turned into one of those girls was an old lady again. The man who was swinging his golf club on the other side of the golf course, well, he was an old man again. And all of the people were regular again. And after that, Ashton and her friends got out of the golf cart. And after they got out of the golf cart they decided to keep the whole thing a secret to themselves and never to tell any adult about this story. And Ashton and her friends lived happily ever after. The end.