Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Theo. Theo was taking a nap on his bed right next to his sister Nelly. While Theo and Nelly were napping, they both had the same dream. In the dream, they turned into robots! When Theo woke up, he was a boy robot, and when Nelly woke up, she was a girl robot. They still looked like people, so their parents thought they were regular Theo and Nelly.

Theo told his mom, "I've turned into a robot!" But his mom said, "No, you look like regular Theo." Theo looked in a mirror and said, "Daddy, I'm a robot." His dad replied, "No, that's a good joke." Theo and Nelly's parents thought they were joking because they didn't look like robots, just regular people.

Theo wondered, "How can we show our parents that we really did turn into robots?" They didn't feel like they had regular skin anymore; it felt like metal, and they felt like they had wires inside them. That's when Theo and Nelly had a good idea. They told their parents they had to go to the bathroom. In the bathroom, they looked in the mirror and saw their robot reflections. Their parents could also see in the mirror that they were robots, even though they looked like people with their regular eyes. Theo and Nelly's idea worked, and their parents finally saw that they really were robots.

Nelly asked, "Mom, Dad, can we go swimming later?" Theo said, "I'm not so sure about that, because robots probably shouldn't get wet since they have electricity inside them." Their mom said, "Well, you do have regular people bodies. It's only when we look in mirrors that you look like robots." So they decided to test it out and went to a pool. When Theo and Nelly looked at the pool's waves, they could see their robot reflections. Theo saw that some of his hair was made of the same stuff as crayons, and Nelly's hair had lots of different colors.

Theo and Nelly decided not to jump in the pool, but instead, they dipped a little bit of their hair in the water. The crayon color came off their hair and went into the pool, turning it into a rainbow pool with different colored stripes. They told their parents, "Look what happened when we put our heads in the pool. We think it's because we have crayon hair." Their parents didn't think they really had crayon hair because they looked like regular kids.

Then, Theo and Nelly went to their car and looked in the side mirror. Finally, their parents could see that they really did have crayon hair. That's when Theo and Nelly realized they had a new power: whatever they drew using their hair would come to life! Theo decided to draw a monster truck for kids on the ground with his hair. Nelly also used her hair to draw, using different colors. They worked hard, drawing special pictures of monster trucks on the sidewalk.

Their parents could see that the monster trucks started to come out of the ground from the crayon colors. The trucks grew wheels and got bigger and bigger, with strong engines. When Theo opened the door and put the key in, the engine roared to life. The monster truck looked a bit like a pirate ship inside, with a ship steering wheel.

Nelly decided to take some blue from her hair and sprinkle it outside. The sidewalks and streets turned into a little ocean. Their special monster truck could float like a boat and go through mud, dirt, rocks, and obstacles. They had so much fun driving their pirate ship monster truck through the ocean, with their parents in the backseats.

Soon, Theo decided they would go to a monster truck rally, but there weren't enough different monster trucks around. He had an idea to take the monster truck to a big outdoor movie theater. They sprinkled some silver from Theo's robot fingernails onto the movie screen, turning it into a giant mirror. The monster truck pirate ship turned into a hundred different monster trucks and pirate ships!

Nelly realized she could make it rain by pretending to cry. When she cried, her tears made it rain in the sky. She could also control the weather by sneezing, clapping, or shining flashlights. They made rainbows appear by putting their hands in their hair and shining flashlights at their hands. And so, Theo and Nelly lived happily ever after. The end.