Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Theo. Theo was taking a nap on his bed right next to his sister Nelly. And while Theo and Nelly were taking a nap, they were both having the same dream. And in the dream, they had turned into robots. And Theo woke up, and Theo was kind of a boy robot, and Nelly woke up, and she was a girl robot. And Theo and Nelly still looked like people, so their parents thought they were regular Theo and Nelly. And Theo said, "Mom, I'm really turned into a robot." And Theo's mom said, "No, you just look like regular Theo." And Theo said, "No. Really?" And Theo looked in a mirror. "Yeah, bud," Theo said, "Daddy, I'm a robot." And then Daddy said, "No, that's a good joke." Yeah. And Theo and Nelly's parents thought that they were joking because they didn't look like robots. They just looked like regular people.

And Theo was like, "How can we show our parents that we really did turn into robots?" Because they didn't feel like they had regular skin anymore. It kind of felt like metal, and they felt like they had wires inside them. And that's when Theo and Nelly thought of a good idea. They told their parents that they had to go to the bathroom. And when they went to the bathroom, they looked in the mirror, and Theo and Nelly saw the robot reflection. And Theo and Nelly's parents also could see in the mirror that they were robots, even though if they looked at them with their regular eyes, they looked like people. And Theo and Nelly's idea worked. And finally, their parents saw that they really were robots, even though they looked like regular people.

Nelly said, "Mom, dad, can we go swimming later?" And Theo said, "I'm not so sure about that, because robots probably shouldn't get wet since they have electricity inside them." And Theo and Nelly's mom said, "Well, you do have, like, regular people bodies. It's only when we look in mirrors that you look like robots." And so they decided to test it out, and they went to a pool. And when Theo and Nelly looked in the waves in the pool, they could kind of see the reflection a little bit. And the reflection really did look like robots. And Theo could see in the reflection in the pool that some of his hair was made of the same kind of stuff that Crayons were made from. And Nelly's hair also had lots of different colors. So some of her hair was red, and on the middle, it was blue. And on the other side of Nelly's hair, it was yellow.

And Theo and Nelly decided that they weren't going to jump in the pool, but instead they would just put a little bit of their hair in the pool. And Theo stuck his head in the pool just a little bit with his parents watching, and Nelly did too. And the crayon color came off of their hair, and it went into the pool. And then the pool became a rainbow pool, and there were different stripes, and there was a red stripe in the pool and a green stripe and a blue stripe, and the stripes kept repeating. And then Theo and Nelly said, "Mom, dad, look what happened when we stuck our heads in the pool. I think it's because we have Crayon hair." And Theo and Nelly's parents said that they didn't think that they really had Crayon hair because they looked like a regular boy and girl.

And then Theo and Nelly told their parents that they needed to go to their car. And they went to the car, and they looked in the mirror on the side of the car. And finally, Theo and Nelly's parents could see in the mirror that they really did have Crayon hair. And that's when Theo and Nelly realized that they had a new power. The power that came from there being a robot was whatever they drew using their hair. Because their hair had kind of crayon stuff on it would come real. And that's when Theo decided that because he always wanted like a monster truck for kids, he would just draw one on the ground with his hair. But he didn't want to put his head all over the ground because that would kind of scrape his head a little bit. So first, Theo stuck his fingers in his hair. Nelly stuck her fingers in her hair, and Nelly used different colors from different sides of her hair. And Theo and Nelly got hard to work making on the sidewalk where they lived special pictures of monster trucks.

And after they did that, their parents could even see that their monster trucks started to come out of the ground from the Crayon colors. And it grew wheels. And the monster truck was getting higher and higher and bigger and bigger, and it had a really strong engine. And finally, when Theo opened the door and put the key in, it started to really broom. Well, this was a really special monster truck, but because it was originally from Crayon, it came with car seats built in and inside of the monster truck. It looked a little bit like a pirate ship because there was a kind of ship steering wheel, and if you looked in it, it kind of looked like you were in a ship.

So that's when Nelly decided that she would take some of the blue from the middle of her hair, and she would use her fingers to take it off her hair and sprinkle it outside. And Nelly opened the monster truck window and spilled some of the blue crayon outside, and all of the sidewalks and the streets turned into a little ocean. Yeah, bud. Why didn't it start raining or snowing? Well, the blue was on the ground. She didn't put the blue in the sky. And so when Nelly sprinkled the blue crayon from her hair from the middle of her hair on the ground, then that's what made the ground start to be wet. But this was a special kind of monster truck that had really big wheels, and it also had a kind of motor in the back where it could also go through water. So it was a kind of monster truck that could float like a boat and also could go through, like, lots of mud and dirt and rocks and obstacles and stuff.

And so it was really, really cool because Nelly had so much fun when Theo was driving them in the pirate ship monster truck through the ocean. And that's when whenever they looked in the windows, they saw that their parents were in the backseats and they were driving. And it was okay for them to drive because the monster truck, which was made out of crayon, originally had special car seats for kids where they could drive. Well, soon, Theo decided they would go to a monster truck rally, but there weren't enough different monster trucks around. And so that's when Theo had an idea. He knew that mirrors were kind of special, because that's when his parents could see that he was really a robot and made of metal and stuff. So he decided to take the monster truck to a big, big movie theater. There was an outside movie theater where people didn't have to go to seats, and there was, like, a big projector which showed the movie on a screen.

Well, Theo and Nelly drove their monster truck right up to it, and then they started to use some of the silver that Theo had on his fingernails because he was a robot. And they sprinkled some of that silver over the movie screen so that it turned into a big, giant mirror. And once it turned into a mirror, the monster truck pirate ship that Theo and Nelly were driving and taking a ride on turned into a hundred different monster trucks and pirate ships. And that's when Nelly realized that she could make it rain if she pretended to cry. You know how sometimes if you cry, like, tears could come out of your eyes? A little bit, and that doesn't feel really good. But Nelly, if she pretended to cry, then when tears came out of her eyes, it also rained in the sky, and Nelly could choose which color tears shoot. Yeah, bud. Could Nelly also control the weather and make it sunny once she wanted by sprinkling yellow? Yeah.

Nelly figured out that she was also able to control the weather when Nelly sneezed. If she said "hachu," then that was when it got very windy outside. Nelly and Theo also, if they put their hands together and started to clap, that's when kind of thunder came. And when Nelly and Theo decided to shine flashlights, that is when it got sunny. Yeah, bud. When they were quiet with a flashlight, could that make a rainbow appear? The way they made rainbows appear was actually a little different. They had to put their hands in their hair at the same time, and then they had to shine a flashlight at their hands. So they would each use one hand to hold the other person's hair, and then they'd hold flashlights using their other hands. And when they would point the flashlights at their hands on their hair, that would make a rainbow with the colors that they put their fingers on. And Theo and Nelly lived happily ever after. The end.