Once upon a time, a long, long time ago, even before dinosaurs roamed the Earth, there were two special beings named Max and Drugy. They lived underground, right next to the hot, bubbling magma in the center of the Earth. Their home was a giant egg made of titanium, a super strong metal that even lava couldn't melt. Max and Drugy didn't look like regular people because they had dragon heads and faces, but their bodies were like those of humans.

One day, Max and Drugy decided they wanted to leave their titanium egg. They tried pushing and pushing, but the egg wouldn't break. Then Max suggested they use their dragon fire breath to melt the egg. So, they opened their mouths and breathed out the hottest fire in the whole world. The titanium egg began to melt, and the fire created a tunnel all the way to the surface of the Earth. Max and Drugy crawled through the tunnel until they reached the top.

When they looked around, they saw that the Earth was very different back then. The sky was pink, the sun was green, and there were giant clouds as big as mountains. Instead of trees, there were huge blades of grass as tall as skyscrapers. The only animals around were enormous worms, some even bigger than a bus!

As Max and Drugy explored this ancient Earth, they saw the biggest caterpillar ever, and it was running away from something. They asked the caterpillar what it was running from, and it told them it was trying to escape a giant spider that liked to eat bugs and caterpillars. Max and Drugy promised the caterpillar they would protect it with their fire breath if the giant spider came near.

While they waited with the caterpillar, they saw something approaching. It looked like a spider, but instead of eight regular legs, it had legs with monster truck wheels on the bottom! The giant spider came up to Max and Drugy, and they told it to be nice to the caterpillar. They asked the spider to apologize, but it didn't want to.

Max and Drugy warned the spider that if it didn't say sorry, they would give it a time out. The spider argued that they weren't its parents, but Max and Drugy said they could still tell it not to be mean to the caterpillar because it was their friend. Finally, the giant spider apologized and asked if it could play with them.

Max whispered to Drugy, worried that the spider might be trying to trick them. They came up with a plan: Drugy knew of a friendly slime monster that lived in the tall grass. If the giant spider tried to be sneaky and grab the caterpillar, the slime monster would cover the ground in slime, making the spider's wheels spin and stop it from moving.

Max agreed with the plan, so they asked the slime monster to watch as they played with the giant spider and the caterpillar. It turned out the spider wasn't trying to trick them; it really did just want to play. The giant spider said sorry again to the caterpillar, and they all played together. Max and Drugy, the dragon people, lived happily ever after. The end.