Once upon a time, a long time ago, before there were even dinosaurs on the planet, there were a couple of people that were alive, and nobody knew about them because they lived underground in the middle of the Earth, right next to the magma, which is like lava in the middle of the Earth. They lived in a big titanium egg. Titanium is a kind of metal that is so strong, even lava doesn't melt it. In the olden, olden days, the two people that lived in the giant titanium eggshell in the middle of the Earth were named Max and Drugy. Max and Drugy did not look like regular people because this was so far back in time that regular people didn't even exist yet. Max and Drugy looked like they had dragon heads and dragon faces, but they had people bodies.

Max and Drugy decided that they wanted to go out of their titanium shell. So Max and Drugy decided to push on the same side of the shell, and they pushed and they pushed, but the titanium shell wouldn't break. Then Max told Drugy that they should open up their mouths and try to breathe fire. Max and Drugy opened their mouths and tried to breathe dragon fire on the giant titanium egg in the middle of the Earth. Max, the dragon person, and Drugy, the dragon person, breathed out so much fire, and it was the hottest kind of fire in the whole world. The titanium egg started to melt, and the fire was so hot, it cut a tunnel all the way to the surface of the Earth. Max and Drugy, the dragon people, got out of their titanium shell and started crawling through the tunnel until they reached the top of the Earth.

When they looked around, they saw that Earth looked different since it was so far back in time. The skies were not blue; instead, they were pink. The sun looked green, and there were clouds as big as mountains. When Drugy and Max, the dragon people, looked around, they didn't see any trees. All they could see were blades of grass that were as tall as skyscrapers. There were no big animals on Earth all the way back then; there were only really big worms. There were worms in the olden days that were so big, the worms were bigger than a bus.

Max and Drugy the dragons were walking around the big blades of grass in the old Earth when suddenly they saw the biggest caterpillar ever, and the biggest caterpillar was running away from something. Max and Drugy asked the caterpillar what it was running away from. The caterpillar told Max and Drugy that it was running away from a giant spider that eats bugs and caterpillars. Max and Drugy told the caterpillar that it didn't have to worry because they could breathe fire, and if the giant spider came, they would breathe some fire, and the giant spider would not be able to eat the humongous caterpillar.

As Max and Drugy the dragons were waiting in the big blades of grass with the caterpillar, they started to see something. It looked like a spider, but instead of eight spider legs, on the bottom of each leg, it looked kind of like a monster truck wheel, but it wasn't made of rubber or anything like that. It was made out of a round kind of leg that the spiders had. The spiders would rock on their regular eight legs, which had wheels on them. The giant spider was coming up to Max the dragon, and Drugy the dragon said to Max the dragon that they needed to tell the spider to be nice to the caterpillar.

Max and Drugy went right up to the big spider with the giant spider wheel legs and said, "Spider, you have to be nice because you can't eat the caterpillar, and plus, the caterpillar is sad, so you need to say sorry." The spider said, "But I don't want to say sorry." Max and Drugy the dragons told the spider that if it did not say sorry, they were going to give the spider a time out. The spider said to Max and Drugy dragons, "Well, you're not my parents." Max and Drugy dragons told the big spider that even if they weren't his parents, they were still allowed to tell the big spider that it wasn't allowed to be mean to the caterpillar because the caterpillar was their friend. The giant spider then said it was sorry and asked Max and Drugy dragons if it could play with them.

Max decided to whisper in Drugy dragon's ear, "What happens if the big spider is just trying to trick us?" Max was wondering what would happen if the big giant spider was just saying, "Well, I want to play with you," and then maybe it would sneakily try to get the caterpillar. So Drugy dragon and Max decided to hatch a plan. The plan they hatched was that Drugy Dragon thought there might have been a friendly monster that lived in the green grass. It was a slime monster. Drugy Dragon told Max that his idea was if the giant spider, while it was playing, decided not to be nice, then the slime monster would come and put so much slime on the ground that the spider's wheels couldn't turn because they would spin too much. That was their plan.

Max told Drugy Dragon that it was a good idea. So Drugy Dragon told the slime monster to watch as the giant spider played with Max and the caterpillar. It turned out the giant spider wasn't trying to trick them; it really did just want to play. The giant spider said sorry to the caterpillar, and then they played. Max the dragon person and Drugy the dragon person also played. Max and Drugy dragons lived happily ever after. The end.