Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Aradna. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Max, and my birthday is on April 23, and I live in Denmark, and I'm five years old. And I would like a story about a fire breathing dragon and a spider who eats bugs and a monster. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Max who lives in Copenhagen, Denmark, and who turned six years old today on April 23. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Max. Happy birthday, Max. And Max asked for us to make up a story that includes a fire breathing dragon, a giant spider who eats bugs, and a monster. Once upon a time, a long time ago, before there were even dinosaurs on the planet, there were a couple of people that were alive, and nobody knew about them because they lived underground in Middle of the Earth, right next to the magma, which is like lava in Middle of the Earth. And they lived in a big titanium egg. Titanium is a kind of metal that is so strong, even lava doesn't melt it. And in the olden, olden days, the two people that lived in the giant titanium eggshell in Middle of the Earth, one was named Max, and the other's name was Drugy. And Max and Drugy did not look like regular people because this was so far back in time that regular people didn't even exist yet. Max and Drugy looked like they had dragon heads and dragon faces, but they had people bodies. And Max and Drugy decided that they wanted to go out of their titanium shell. So Max and Drugy decided to push on the same side of the shell, and they pushed and they pushed, and the titanium shell wouldn't break. And then Max told Drugy that they should open up their mouths and try to breathe fire. And Max and Drugy opened their mouths and tried to breathe dragon fire on the giant titanium egg in Middle of the Earth. And Max, the dragon person, and Drugy, the dragon person, breathed out so much fire, and it was the hottest kind of fire in the whole world. And the titanium egg started to melt, and the fire was so hot, it cut a tunnel all the way to the surface of the Earth. And Max and Drugy, the dragon people, got out of their titanium shell, and they started crawling through the tunnel until they got to the top of Earth. When they looked around, they saw that Earth looked different since it was so far back in time. The skies were not blue. Instead, they were pink. The sun looked green, and there were clouds that were as big as mountains. When Drugy and Max the dragon people, looked around, they didn't see any trees. All they could see was blades of grass that were as tall as skyscrapers. There were no big animals on earth all the way back then, there were only really big worms. There were worms in the olden days that were so big, the worms were bigger than a bus. And Max and Drugy the dragon were walking around the big blades of grass in the old earth when suddenly they saw the biggest caterpillar ever, and the biggest caterpillar was running away from something. And Max and Drugy asked the caterpillar what it was running away from. And the caterpillar told Max and Drugy that the caterpillar was running away from a giant spider that eats bugs and caterpillars. And Max and Drugy told the caterpillar that he didn't have to worry because they could breathe fire, and if the giant spider came, then they would breathe some fire, and the giant spider would not be able to eat the humongous caterpillar. So then the spider must have been bigger than the humongous caterpillar. Well, as Max and Drugy the dragon were waiting in the big blades of grass with the caterpillar, they started to see something. And it looked like a spider, but it had instead of eight spider legs on the bottom of each leg, it looked kind of like a monster truck wheel, but it wasn't made of rubber or anything like that. It was made out of a round kind of leg that the spiders had. And the spiders would rock on their regular eight legs, which had wheels on them. And the spiders were coming up to Max the dragon, and it was a giant spider. And Drugy the dragon said to Max the dragon that they needed to tell the spider to be nice to the caterpillar. And Max and Drugy went right up to the big spider with the giant spider wheel legs, and they said, spider, you have to be nice because you can't eat the caterpillar, and plus, the caterpillar is sad, so you need to say sorry. And the spider said, but I don't want to say sorry. And then Max and Drugy the dragon told the spider that if the spider did not say sorry, they were going to give the spider a time out. And the spider said to Max and Drugy dragon, well, you're not my parents. And Max and Drugy dragon told the big spider that even if they weren't his parents, they were still allowed to tell the big spider that he wasn't allowed to be mean to the caterpillar because the caterpillar was their friends. And then the giant spider said he was sorry. And the giant spider asked Max and Drugy dragons if he could play with them. And Max decided to whisper in Drugy dragon's ear, what's up? What happens if the big spider is just trying to trick? And Max was wondering what would happen if the big giant spider was just saying, well, I want to play with you, and then maybe he'll sneakily sneakily trick and try to get the caterpillar. So Drugy dragon and Max decided to hatch a plan. The plan that they hatched was that Drugy Dragon thought that there might have been a friendly monster that lived in the green grass. And that kind of monster is a kind of monster. It's a slime monster. And so Drugy Dragon told Max that his idea was if the giant spider, while he was playing, decided not to be nice, then the slime monster would come and put so much slime on the ground that the spider's wheels couldn't turn because they would spin too much. That was their plan. And Max told Drugy Dragon that that was a good idea. So Drugy Dragon told the slime monster to watch as the giant spider played with Max and the caterpillar. And it turned out the giant spider wasn't trying to trick. He really did just want to play. And the giant spider said sorry to the caterpillar, and then they played. And Max the dragon person and Drugy the dragon person also played. And Max and Drugy dragon lived happily ever after. The End I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stories. If you already asked for your request on your birthday, we'll try to do it soon.