Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six-year-old girl named Olivia. It was Olivia's birthday, and she remembered that just a couple of weeks earlier, there had been a volcano. It wasn't a very big volcano, and it was on an island far away, but she thought about the volcano and the lava while she was thinking about her birthday cake.

Then Olivia had a funny idea. She told her mom that she wanted to make the biggest birthday cake in the world, one that was so big it wouldn't fit in an oven. You'd have to cook that birthday cake on top of a volcano, and the cake would reach all the way up to the sky. It could be for one giant or for all the kids in the world to share. There would be ladders for the kids to climb up to the top of the cake and eat it, including the frosting. There would also be ropes for kids who wanted to go down from the bottom of the big cake.

Olivia told her mom that you can't make that kind of birthday cake in a regular oven because it would be too big. You'd have to use some baking ingredients and cake mix, and you would need to bake it on top of a volcano. But Olivia realized that you might need a really big baking sheet, and then you could put the cake on that and figure out what pot to use. That's right. So Olivia also realized that she needed a pot, and her mom told her that it would be very hard to make a pot that was so big it could fit on top of a volcano.

So Olivia decided to make cookies on top of the volcano instead. She and her mom spent many days putting lots of cookie mix in a bathtub, mixing it all up, and putting it on a really big baking platter that was bigger than a whole house. Then Olivia told her mom to call a helicopter, and a helicopter picked up the baking sheet with the enormous, giant cookies on it. The helicopter placed the baking sheet on top of the volcano, which was erupting just a little bit. It was enough to make the giant cookies grow bigger. And the cookies started to get bigger and bigger, reaching all the way up to the sky, just like Olivia's idea for her birthday cake.

As the cookies were baking on top of the volcano oven, many boats came by to see, and the kids on the boats looked through their binoculars to see the giant cookies growing bigger on top of the volcano. There were also kids on airplanes in the sky who were looking down as the biggest cookies in the world got so big, they were almost as high as the airplanes.

Olivia told her mom that they needed to add slides and equipment to the cookies so that people could get up and down, and kids could share them. But first, Olivia said it was time to take them off the volcano. So she called the helicopter again, and the helicopter lifted up the big baking sheet with all the cookies. It was the biggest helicopter in the world, with two sets of propellers. It was really big, like an army one, and it picked up the cookies.

The army helicopter picked up all the giant cookies and placed them on a beach near where Olivia lived. The cookies didn't get dirty from the sand because they were still on the baking sheet. The cookies were so big that many kids from all over started to come to them, and they weren't hot anymore since they were near the beach, and there was a cool breeze from the ocean.

The kids started climbing up ladders to get to the top of the big cookies. Some of them would take a bite from the cookie and then go down a slide, and there would be a long line, and people would take turns. They just got a normal cookie slice. Well, the rule was you could climb up the ladder, get a normal cookie amount from the big cookie, and then after your turn was over, you had to go down the slide. If you wanted another turn, you had to start waiting at the back of the line, but you could get up to two turns. Olivia was the one who made that rule.

All of her friends were happy because some of them did want to have two pieces of the yummy chocolate chip cookies. But the best way to eat them, many people think, is with some milk. Olivia asked her mom if there was any way to get some milk, and her mom said there was no store nearby.

So Olivia said she needed to imagine if there were cows, and the cows could give them milk, and then they could put the milk from the cows in cups, and then they could dip their cookies in the milk. Olivia used her imagination and saw that on the other side of the beach where there was some grass, there were actually a lot of cows. The cows were next to a little river that was made of milk. The milk river was called Milk River Number One. It went all the way from the grassy place with many trees, down in a stream right near the chocolate chip cookies.

Olivia told all her friends that after they went down the slide, they had two choices. One was to push the chocolate chip cookie into the milk river. Or after they took a bite, they could just dip the cookie in the milk river, and it wouldn't wash away because the river went very slowly, and there were grown-ups watching.

Olivia was having so much fun because now all her friends got to share the giant cookie. The cows made so much milk in the river of milk that she said, "What are we going to do with all these leftover cookies?" All her friends said their tummies were too full, and they didn't want any more cookies that day. So Olivia told her mom they would have to save some cookies.

Olivia's mom called two trucks to come and bring the cookies back. But when the trucks came, the cookies were too big to fit in the truck, and Olivia said they needed some big animals to come to the rescue to eat the leftovers. But there were no animals, not even two million kitty cats. No.

As Olivia was hoping for animals to come, she closed her eyes a little bit. You know how sometimes if you close your eyes a little but not all the way, you can see a little, but other people can't see that you're seeing? Olivia did that with her eyes. She closed them most of the way but could still see a little. And when she closed her eyes a little, she saw some elephants marching down the beach. She told the elephants they needed to come because they were so big, they could eat up a lot of cookies.

The elephants marched over, and Olivia told them they could eat the cookies. Then the rest of the cookies went in the truck, and the truck brought them to the store, and Olivia shared them with everyone. Olivia and her family lived happily ever after. The end.