Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Murphy. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Hello, my name is Olivia, and I am five years old, and I'm turning six soon, and I live in New Zealand, and I like a story about cookies, cows, and elephants. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a six year old girl whose name is Olivia and who lives in Auckland, New Zealand. It actually is Olivia's birthday today, January 4. And so we want to wish Olivia a happy birthday. Happy birthday. And Olivia asked for us to make up a story that includes cookies, cows, and elephants. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six year old girl whose name was Olivia. It was Olivia's birthday, and Olivia remembered that just a couple of weeks earlier, there had been a volcano. It wasn't such a big volcano, and it was on an island that was a little bit far away, but she was thinking about the volcano and the lava that came out while she was thinking about her birthday cake. And then Olivia had a funny idea. Olivia told her mom that she had an idea to make the biggest birthday cake in the world, and one that was so big it wouldn't fit in an oven. And you had to cook that birthday cake on top of a volcano, and the birthday cake would go all the way up to the sky, and it would be for one giant or for all the kids in the world to share. And there would be ladders that the kids could climb up to go to the top of the birthday cake and eat it from the top, including the frosting. And there were also ropes if kids wanted to go down from the bottom of the big birthday cake. So Olivia told her mom that you can't make that kind of birthday cake in a regular oven because it would be too big. So you'd have to use some baking ingredients and some cake mix, and you would need to bake it on top of a volcano. But Olivia realized that you might need really big baking sheet, and then you could put the cake on that and what pot you were going to put in. That's right. So Olivia also realized that she needed a pot, and her mom told her that it would be very hard to make a pot that was so big that it could fit on top of a volcano. So Olivia decided she would make cookies on top of the volcano instead. And she and her mom spent a lot of days putting so much cookie mix in a bathtub and mixing up all the cookie mix and putting it on a really big baking platter that was, like, bigger than a whole house. And then Olivia told her mom to call a helicopter, and a helicopter picked up the baking sheet that had the enormous humongous giant cookies on it. And the helicopter put the baking sheet on top of the volcano, and the volcano was exploding just a little bit. It was enough to get the cookies, the giant cookies, to get bigger. And the cookies started to get bigger and bigger and go all the way up to the sky, just like Olivia's idea for her birthday cake. And as the cookies were baking on top of the volcano oven, there were so many boats who were coming by to sea, and the kids on the boats looked through their binoculars to see the giant cookies getting bigger on top of the volcano. And there were also kids on different airplanes in the sky who were looking down as the biggest cookies in the world were getting so big, they were almost as high as airplanes. And so Olivia told her mom that they needed to add slides and a lot of equipment to the cookies so that people could get up and down and kids could share them. But first, Olivia said it was time to take them off of the volcano. So Olivia called the helicopter again, and the helicopter lifted up the big baking sheet with all of the cookies. Wasn't the helicopter too small? It was the biggest helicopter in the world. It had two rotors, two sets of propellers. It was really big. It was like an army one. And it picked it up. And the army helicopter picked up all of those ginormous cookies, and it put it on a beach right near where Olivia lived. And the cookies didn't get dirty from the sand because they were still on the baking sheet. And the cookies were so big that so many kids from all over started to go to them, and they weren't hot anymore since they were near the beach, and there was a cool breeze from the ocean. And so the kids started climbing up on ladders to get to the top of those big, big cookies. And then some of them would take a bite from the cookie and then go down a slide, and there would be a long line, and people would take turns. They just got a normal cookie slice. Well, the rule was you could climb up the ladder, and then you could get a normal cookie amount from the big cookie. And then after your turn was over, you had to go down the slide. And if you wanted another turn, then you had to start waiting at the back of the line, but you could get up to two turns. And Olivia was the one who made that rule. And so all of her friends were happy because some of them did want to have two pieces of that yummy chocolate. Well, the chocolate chip cookies are really good, but the best way to eat them, a lot of people think, is with some milk. And Olivia asked her mom if there was any way to get some milk and olivia's mom said there was no store nearby. And so Olivia said she needed to imagine if there were cows, and the cows could give them milk, and then they could put the milk from the cows and cups, and then they could dip their cookies in the milk that was in the cups. And Olivia used her imagination, and she saw that on the other side of the beach where there was some grass, there were actually a lot of cows. And the cows were next to a little river that was made of milk. And the milk river was called milk river number one. And it went all the way from the grassy place where there were so many trees, all the way down in a stream right near the chocolate chip cookies. So Olivia told all of her friends that after they went down the slide, before they went down the slide, all of them had to get up to try to push the cookie into the milk river. Yeah, she told them that there's two choices. One is they could push the chocolate chip cookie into the milk river. Or after they took a bite, they could just dip the cookie in the milk river and it wouldn't wash away because the river went very slowly and there were grown ups watching. And Olivia was having so much fun because now all of her friends got to share the giant cookie. And the cows made so much milk in the river of milk that she said, what are we going to do with all of these leftover cookies? And all of her friends said, well, our tummies are too full. We don't want to have any more cookie today. And so Olivia told her mom that they would have to save some cookies. So Olivia's mom told two trucks that they would have to come and bring the cookies back. But when the trucks came, the cookies were too big to fit in the truck, and Olivia said they needed some big animals to come to the rescue to eat the leftovers. But there were no animals, not even 2 million kitty cats. No. But as Olivia was hoping for animals to come, she closed her eyes a little bit. And you know how sometimes if you close your eyes a little bit but not all the way, you can see a little bit, but other people can't see that you're seeing? Olivia did that with her eyes. She closed them most of the way, but she could still see a little bit. And when she closed her eyes a little bit, she saw that there were some elephants marching down the beach, and she told the elephants that they needed to come because the elephants are so big, they could eat up a lot of cookies. And so the elephants marched on over, and Olivia told the elephants that they could eat the cookies, and then the rest of the cookies went in the truck and the truck brought them to the store, and Olivia shared them with everyone. And Olivia and her family lived happily ever after. The end. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stops.