Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Savannah. Savannah was a princess, and she lived in a house shaped like a birthday cake. Instead of a regular chimney, Savannah's house had a candle for a chimney, and the candle had a hole in it. This meant that whenever they wanted to roast marshmallows inside, they could just roast them in the little fire in the house, and the smoke would go out of the birthday candle on the roof. The birthday cake house was very special because it had sprinkles on top. All of Savannah's friends loved to visit her princess birthday cake house because they liked to roast marshmallows too.

One day, Savannah and her mama decided to go on an adventure. They went to a secret lake. The secret lake was green. In the green lake, there were so many frogs that said, "ribbit, ribbit, ribbit." And there was a turtle that lived in a tree. Usually, turtles live near water because they love water. This was the only turtle in the world that could climb up trees. The turtle that lived in the tree was named Timmy. Timmy the turtle was a special kind of turtle.

When Savannah and her mom arrived at the green lake, Timmy the turtle climbed down the tree and went right up to Savannah. He asked, "Savannah, are you a real princess?" Savannah replied, "Well, I do live in a birthday cake house, and I do have a candle for a chimney, and I know how to roast marshmallows, but I don't know if I'm a real, real princess." Timmy the turtle said, "I'm a magic turtle. And because I'm a magic turtle, I'm going to tell you a secret. Nobody knows this, but you're secretly a real princess. And because you're a real princess, you get to make a wish."

Savannah said, "My first wish is for a lizard." Timmy the turtle asked, "Do you want a pet lizard or a regular lizard?" Savannah said, "I want a pet lizard." Timmy the turtle said some magic words, and suddenly, on the other side of the green lake, Savannah saw the biggest rainbow-colored lizard in the world. The rainbow-colored lizard had a saddle on it and looked like it could give rides.

So Savannah and her mom walked around to the other side of the lake, and Timmy the turtle swam across the lake. When they reached the rainbow-colored lizard, Savannah asked, "Can I have a ride, Mr. Lizard?" The lizard agreed, and Savannah got on the saddle and sat on the lizard. The lizard started to give Savannah a rainbow lizard ride.

As they were going for a rainbow lizard ride, Savannah noticed something shiny under the lizard's leg. She said, "Stop, lizard, stop." The lizard stopped, and Savannah told Timmy the turtle to look under the lizard's leg. Timmy the turtle said, "Oh, wow, you're right." They saw a princess crown. The crown looked like a bracelet but went on your head. It had many diamonds and jewels, and it was sparkly and twinkly, and it looked very special.

Timmy the turtle picked it up, climbed on top of the lizard, and gave Savannah the princess crown. Savannah put the princess crown on her head, and suddenly some stars appeared in the sky. The stars appeared during the day. Usually, you can't see stars during the day because it's too bright outside. But this day, it was easy to see the stars because the whole sky turned orange. And when the sky is orange, it can sometimes be a little easy to see magic stars.

Savannah liked her princess crown and the magic stars. She asked Timmy the turtle what her second wish could be. Timmy the turtle asked, "Do you want those magic stars to turn into anything?" Savannah said, "Yes, I want them to turn into popcorn." Timmy the turtle said some more magic words, and just as he did, they heard a little noise. Savannah saw a dinosaur in outer space. She thought all dinosaurs were already gone a long time ago, but maybe nobody looked in outer space. She saw a dinosaur in outer space, gobbling up the flying popcorn. Savannah asked Timmy the turtle why there was a dinosaur in outer space, gobbling up the popcorn. Timmy the turtle told Savannah that dinosaurs in outer space love eating popcorn, but usually, they don't get a chance because Timmy the turtle doesn't say the magic words to turn stars into popcorn often. But this time he did, so the dinosaurs were flying about in the sky, eating the popcorn.

Savannah said, "Wow, that's so special." But she told Timmy the turtle to make it stop raining popcorn because she wanted there to be some stars left in outer space. Timmy the turtle agreed, and just as he did, Savannah turned around and saw a strawberry tree. Usually, strawberries don't grow on trees. They are berries and grow in bushes. But these strawberries were the biggest strawberries in the world. They were about as big as a watermelon, and the strawberries had stripes just like a zebra.

The strawberries started plopping into the green lake. As they plopped into the lake, they made little splashes, and out of the lake came a mermaid. The mermaid started splashing and jumping, eating the striped strawberries that were as big as watermelons. They started doing a mermaid dance in the water, dancing a silly mermaid dance, flipping their flippers, and making lots of nice green splashes.

Timmy the turtle told Savannah that it was time for her adventure to end. He told the lizard that the ride would be over soon and that Savannah could come back another day. Savannah said goodbye to the lizard and Timmy the turtle, and she went home with her mama. They lived happily ever after, and the lizard became her pet and stayed with her in her house happily ever after. The end.