Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Savannah. Savannah was a princess, and she lived in a house that was the shape of a birthday cake. Instead of a regular chimney, Savannah's house had a candle for the chimney, and the candle had a hole in it, so that whenever they wanted to roast marshmallows in the house, they could just roast marshmallows in the little fire in the house. And it would go out of the birthday candle on the top of the house on the roof. The birthday cake was very special because it had sprinkles on top. All of Savannah's friends wanted to go over to Savannah's princess birthday cake house because they liked to roast marshmallows too.

One day, Savannah and her mama decided to take an adventure. They went to a secret lake. The secret lake was green. In the green lake, there were so many frogs that said, "ribbit, ribbit, ribbit." And there was a turtle that lived on a tree. Usually, turtles live by water because they love water. This was the only turtle in the world that was able to climb up trees. The turtle that lived on the tree was named Timmy. Timmy the turtle was a special kind of turtle.

When Savannah and her mom got to the green lake, Timmy the turtle climbed down the tree, and he went right up to Savannah, and he said, "Savannah, are you a real princess?" And Savannah said, "Well, I do live in a birthday cake house, and I do have a candle for a chimney, and I know how to roast marshmallows, but I don't know if I'm a real, real princess." And the turtle named Timmy said, "I'm a magic turtle. And because I'm a magic turtle, I'm going to tell you a secret. Nobody knows this, but you're secretly a real princess. And because you're a real princess, you get to make a wish."

And Savannah said, "My first wish is I want a lizard." And so Timmy the turtle said, "Do you want a pet lizard or a regular lizard?" And Savannah said, "I want a pet lizard." And Timmy the turtle said, "Avra keda. Avra." And suddenly, out on the other side of the green lake, Savannah saw the biggest rainbow-colored lizard in the world. The rainbow-colored lizard had a saddle on it, and it looked like it could give rides.

So Savannah and her mom walked around to the other side of the lake, and Timmy the turtle swam across the lake, and they got to the rainbow-colored lizard, and Savannah said, "Can I have a ride, Mr. Lizard?" And the lizard said, "Okay." So Savannah got on the saddle and sat on the lizard. And the lizard started to give Savannah a rainbow lizard ride.

As they were going for a rainbow lizard ride, Savannah noticed that under the lizard's leg, there was something shiny. So she said, "Stop, lizard, stop." And the lizard stopped. And then Savannah said to Timmy the turtle, "Look under the lizard's leg, you'll see something shiny." And Timmy the turtle said, "Oh, wow, you're right." And do you know what they saw? They saw a princess crown. The crown looked like a bracelet, but it went on your head, and it had so many diamonds and jewels, and it was sparkly and twinkly, and it looked really special.

And so Timmy the turtle picked it up and he climbed on top of the lizard and went all the way to Savannah and gave Savannah the princess crown. And Savannah put the princess crown on her head, and suddenly there were some stars that appeared in the sky. The stars appeared during the day. Usually, you can't see stars during the day because it's too light outside. But this day, it was easy to see the stars because the whole sky turned orange. And when the sky is orange, it could sometimes be a little easy to see magic stars.

Well, Savannah liked her princess crown. They were magic stars. Savannah saw her princess crown, and she loved her princess crown, and she loved that the sky was such a silly color and that there were magic stars. So she asked Timmy the turtle what her second wish could be. And Timmy the turtle said, "Do you want those magic stars to turn into anything?" And Savannah said, "Yeah, I want them to turn into popcorn." And Timmy the turtle said, "Your wish is my command." And he said, "Zizzle, zazzle, ribbon, bump, hump."

And just as he said that, they heard a little noise. Savannah saw a dinosaur in outer space. She thought all dinosaurs were already dead a long time ago, but maybe nobody looked in outer space. And she saw a dinosaur in outer space, gobbling up the flying popcorn. And Savannah asked Timmy the turtle why there was a dinosaur in outer space, gobbling up the popcorn. And Timmy the turtle told Savannah that dinosaurs in outer space love eating popcorn, but usually they don't get a chance, because usually Timmy the turtle doesn't say the magic words to turn stars into popcorn, but this time he did. So the dinosaurs were flying about in the sky, eating the popcorn.

And Savannah said, "Wow, that's so special." But she told Timmy the turtle to make it stop raining popcorn because she wanted there to be some stars left in outer space. Timmy the turtle said, "Okay," and just as he said okay, Savannah turned around, and she saw a strawberry tree. Usually, strawberries do not grow on trees. They are berries and grow in bushes and things. But these strawberries were the biggest strawberries in the world. They were about as big as a watermelon. And the strawberries had stripes just like a zebra.

And the strawberries started plopping into the green lake. And as they plopped into the lake, they made little splashes, and out of the lake, there was a mermaid. The mermaids started splashing and splashing about, and they started jumping and eating the striped strawberries that were as big as watermelons, and they started doing a mermaid dance in the water, dancing a mermaid silly dance and flipping their flippers and making lots of nice green splashes of water.

And Timmy the turtle told Savannah that it was time for her to end her adventure. And so Timmy the turtle told the lizard that the ride was going to be over soon and that Savannah could come back a different day. And Savannah said bye to the lizard and to Timmy the turtle, and she went home with her mama and lived happily ever after. The lizard was her pet and stayed with her in her house happily ever after. The end.