Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Avery. Avery was walking around in the streets of Manhattan one day, and as she was walking around, she saw that right next to a tree, there was a pair of pink glasses that had stars on them. And Avery could see that those glasses didn't belong to anybody because they were just on the ground, and nobody was there. So Avery asked her dad if she could pick up the glasses, and Avery's dad said that it was okay. So Avery picked up the pink sunglasses that had the stars on them. And right as she picked it up, she could feel some, like, little bit of electricity going through her fingers. It didn't really hurt, but it showed Avery that the pink glasses that had the stars on them were kind of magical.

Well, Avery put the glasses right in front of her eyes. And once she put the glasses on, Avery got magic powers. The magic powers that Avery got is all she had to do is look at something with her pink glasses that had the stars on them, and then she could just turn into that thing. So Avery looked at her dad, and do you know what happened, bud? What? Avery turned into her dad. And her dad was like, what? Do I have a twin now who looks just like me? And Avery said, no, dad, really. It's me, Avery. I just look like I'm a grown up man. And Avery's dad saw that the grown up man who looked just like him was wearing pink glasses, and that's what Avery had. So he said, could you turn yourself into Avery again? And Avery said, but I don't know how to do that, because I'm not looking at Avery. And Avery's dad told Avery, who looked like a man, to look in a window. And when Avery looked in a window, she saw her regular kid reflection, and she turned back into a regular Avery.

Avery was so proud that she found the pink glasses that had stars on them and that gave her magic powers that she told her dad, it's probably a good time to set off an adventure. Avery's dad said, well, where do you want to go? And Avery said, well, how about we could go on an airplane to visit Grandma and Grandpa? And Avery's dad said, well, how are we going to take an airplane? And Avery said that's easy. All I'll do is use the magic glasses to look at an airplane, and then I could turn into the airplane, and then, dad, you could ride in me. And Avery's dad said, that was a good idea. So Avery turned. She looked at an airplane, and then her magic pink glasses that had the stars on them helped Avery turn into an airplane. And she went to an airport. And Avery's dad and Avery's mom went inside Avery the airplane. And Avery said, fasten your seatbelts. It's time to take off. And soon, Avery was on the runway in the airport in JFK Airport. And she was starting to go in the air over the Hudson River, past some big buildings in New York, including some skyscrapers.

As Avery the airplane flew all the way to her grandma and grandpa's house. Avery remembered that when she was a kid, she once saw a real fairy, the kind that had wings, and the fairy had pixie dust. So she tried a trick while she was the airplane. Instead of having the glasses on, she tried to just imagine a fairy. And as she imagined a fairy, a real fairy came in the airplane. And the fairy went up to Avery's mom and Avery's dad. And the fairy said, Where are you guys going? And Avery's parents told the fairy that they were just going to visit Avery's grandparents. And the fairy said, do you know, I could do some cool tricks? And Avery's parents said, well, what could you do? And then Avery's avery told the ferry, yeah, bud, what happened? If there was something bad that happened, I hope it was too safe. Well, the airplane that Avery turned into was a really safe kind of airplane, and it had no problems whatsoever. But suddenly, as they were flying, the airplane ran out of fuel. It had no more jet fuel left, and it couldn't fly by itself. So the ferry said, don't worry. And the ferry put some pixie dust in the airplane's engines, and the airplane stopped running off fire and started to fly just using pixie dust.

Well, they were getting close to Avery's grandma and grandpa's city, and so Avery decided it was time to land the airplane. And Avery very carefully went close to the runway and told the passengers, who were her parents, to put on their seatbelts. And Avery and her parents went down in the Avery airplane until it got on the runway. When it got on the runway, avery decided to turn herself back into Avery. And Avery and her parents were now walking through the airport. When they walked through the airport, they brought the ferry with them. And after they got out of the airport, they saw that outside there was a big dragon. Most of the time, people can't see dragons because most dragons are dead or were never really alive in the first place. But there's a kind of dragon called a kazoo dragon that lives in the rainforest and that could breathe water and turn it into fire. And the kazoo dragon went all the way over from South America, flying over Central America, and landed right by the airport where Avery and her parents were.

Yeah, bud. Would it like a fairy to eat for dinner? Well, the kazoo dragon looked big and scary, but when Avery looked at it, the kazoo dragon smiled, maybe because the kazoo dragon saw Avery's pink glasses that had the stars on them. And so the kazoo fire dragon smiled, and the kazoo fire dragon said, avery, do you want to go on a ride? And Avery asked her parents and the fairy if they wanted to go on a ride. The fairy said that she was kind of scared of fire dragons, and Avery told the fire dragon that it had to be very nice because the fairy was a little bit scared. And the fire dragon said, okay. And then the fire dragon gave the fairy a lollipop.

The fire dragon said that it actually knew Avery's grandma and grandpa and that even though the fire dragon looked scary, it was for an important job. The fire dragon wasn't the kind of dragon that made fire. Because the fire dragon drank so much water. The fire dragon helped put out forest fires. It could just spray so much water on forest fires and put them right out. Well, the fire dragon was a nice dragon, and it took Avery and the fairy and her parents all the way to Avery's grandparents house, and Avery got to see her grandparents, and Avery and her family lived happily ever after. The end.