Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. One weekend, they were really excited to go to the fair. They got in their car seats, and as their dad started to drive them to the fair, it felt like the wheels in the car were floating on top of the road. Jesse and Jonah asked their dad what was happening. Just as they asked, their dad disappeared! They were in the car, in the back in the car seats alone, and their mom was in the passenger seat. Jonah said, "Mom, what's going on? Dad just disappeared." Just as they said that, their mom disappeared too.

Suddenly, the car turned into a lizard, and the lizard started to crawl really fast on the highway until it reached a tunnel. The lizard took Jonah and Jesse into the middle of the tunnel. When they got there, they found themselves in the place where the lizard's whole family lived. The lizard's family lived in hammocks made out of a material like spider webs. These lizards had a special kind of spider web that came out of their tails. The back of the lizard opened up, and Jonah and Jesse shot out of the lizard's tail.

They quickly unbuckled their car seats and tried to escape. But at the entrance to the lizard's tunnel, there was a really sticky spider web-like substance that came out of the lizard's tail. If you touched it, your hand would get stuck. Jonah and Jesse didn't want to touch that. Jonah suggested they take off their shoes and try to rip it apart with their shoes so their hands wouldn't get stuck. But when they took off their shoes, their shoes got stuck too, so there was nothing they could do.

All of a sudden, the lizards turned around and started to look at Jonah and Jesse. The lizards had green, glow-in-the-dark eyes, and Jonah and Jesse didn't know what to do. They decided to try digging a hole to escape. But before they could dig a hole, a lizard came back to Jonah and Jesse and stuck out its long lizard tongue and gobbled them up again.

Inside the lizard's belly, Jonah and Jesse saw a tiny Ferris wheel full of tiny people. Their mom and dad were on the Ferris wheel too, but they were very small. Jonah asked, "Mom, Dad, how did you get here?" Their parents explained that the lizard ate them, and when lizards eat people, the people get really small so they can fit inside the lizard's tummy.

Jonah and Jesse didn't want to go on the Ferris wheel. Their dad told them the trick to escape was to push on the lizard's tongue, and then it would throw them up and out of the lizard. So Jonah and Jesse tickled the lizard's tongue, and the lizard sneezed them out. They didn't want to get eaten again, even though there was a Ferris wheel inside the lizard, because it made them tiny like ants.

Jonah decided they needed a better plan. He told Jesse they needed a really good trick to get out of there and rescue everyone. They decided to create a pretend person using their extra clothes and some dirt. They put the clothes on the dirt person and sprinkled some pepper from Jonah's pocket on it. Jesse called the lizard over, and when it looked their way, they hid behind the pretend person. The lizard ate the fake person up.

The pepper made the lizard sneeze so hard that all the real people, including their mom and dad, got sneezed out of the lizard. Once they were out, they returned to their normal size. There were about 20 people, and the lizards got scared.

The grownups had a great idea to trap the lizards using the car seat seatbelts. Jonah and Jesse trapped two lizards in the car seats, and the other lizards got scared and ran away. Then, everyone worked together to dig a hole around the sticky spider web-like rope to escape the lizard trap.

When they got out of the trap, they found their real car. They realized that the lizard had a special kind of poison that made them see dream-like things. They got their car back and went to the real fun fair, which had cotton candy, ice cream, and a good Ferris wheel. Jonah, Jesse, and their parents lived happily ever after. The end.