Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And it was the weekend, and Jonah and Jesse were really looking forward to going to the fair. And they got in their car seats, and as their dad started to drive them to the fair, it kind of felt like the wheels in the car were starting to float on top of the road a little bit. And Jesse and Jonah asked their dad what was going on. And just as they asked their dad that, he just disappeared. And so they were in the car, in the back in the car seats alone, and their mom was in the passenger seats. And Jonah said, mom, what's going on? Dad just disappeared. And just as they said that, their mom disappeared also.

And the car kind of very quickly, it turned into a lizard, and the lizard started to crawl really quickly on the highway until it got to a tunnel. And the lizard took Jonah and Jesse into the middle of the tunnel. And when they got to the middle of the tunnel, they found that they were in the place where the lizard's whole family lived. And the lizard's whole family lived in it was kind of like a big you know what hammocks are, Jesse? Yeah. So they used to sleep not on regular beds, but on hammocks. And the hammocks were made out of a kind of thing like spider webs. And these lizards out of their tail came a special kind of spider web, and the back of the lizard opened up, and Jonah and Jesse shot out of the lizard's tail.

And then they quickly unbuckled their car seats, and they tried to escape. But at the entrance to the lizard's tunnel, there was that really sticky, kind of like, spider web stuff that also came out of the lizard's tail. And it was like if you touched it, your hand would just be stuck to it. And so Jonah and Jesse, they didn't want to touch that. So Jonah said, how about we take off our shoes, and then we try to rip it apart with our shoes so then our hands won't get stuck? But when they took off their shoes, their shoes got stuck to it, so there was nothing that they could do.

And suddenly, the lizards turned around, and they started to look at Jonah and Jesse and the lizards had green glow in the dark eyes and Jonah and Jesse didn't know what to do. So finally Jonah and Jesse decided that they would use their hands to dig very quickly because maybe they could dig a hole to escape. But before they could dig a hole, a lizard came back to Jonah and Jesse and it stuck out its big long lizard tongue and it gobbled them up again.

When Jonah and Jesse were inside the lizard's belly they saw that there was a little tiny Ferris wheel and the tiny Ferris wheel was full of tiny people and the people were going all the way around the Ferris wheel. And Jonah and Jesse could see that their mom and dad were on the Ferris wheel also, except they were so little. And Jonah said mom, dad, how did you guys get here? And their mom and dad said that the lizard ate them up. And when lizards eat up people, the people get really small so they could fit inside the lizard's tummy.

And Jonah and Jesse said we don't want to go on that Ferris wheel. And their dad said okay, the trick is you have to push with your finger on the lizard's tongue and then it will throw you up and you'll go out of the lizard. And so Jonah and Jesse turned around and they started to tickle the lizard's tongue and the lizard sneezed them out. And when the lizard sneezed them out, Jonah and Jesse they really this time didn't want to get eaten up again because even though there is a Ferris wheel inside, that wasn't like a Ferris wheel that you would want to go on because it made you so tiny, like the size of an ant.

And so Jonah decided that he needed to think of a better trick. And he told Jesse, Jesse, we need to think of a really good trick for how to get out of here. And they decided to get not the parents out of the lizard, but somebody else. And they will use that portion as bait and then they put that portion right in front of the lizard. The lizard swallows that portion and then right when it swallows that portion they get away.

And Jesse told Jonah that he had an idea. He said that they should capture a different person and use that person as bait so that the lizard would just eat that person. And right when the lizard would eat that person then they could escape. And Jonah said well where could we find that person? And that's when Jesse had an idea. He said well we are wearing so much extra clothes because we dressed in like sweaters and we have shorts under our pants. So how about we make a pretend person by putting the clothes on a bunch of things that look like a person. We'll put some dirt together in the shape of a person and then we'll make that look like a person because it'll have person clothes on it. And then when the lizard eats that, then we'll escape.

And Jonah said, oh, I have an idea. I have some pepper in my pocket also because I was going to bring that to the fair and let's sprinkle some of the pepper on the pretend person that has our real clothes on it. And so that's what he did. And then Jesse said, OOH lizard, come here. And the lizard looked in their direction with his big glow in the dark eyes. And just as the lizard looked in their direction, they hid behind the mannequin, the fake person that was wearing their clothing, and the lizard ate the fake person up.

And because the fake person had some pepper in it and made the lizard sneeze so hard that all of the real people, including their mom and dad that got so little and were on the Ferris wheel inside the lizard, all of those people got sneezed out of the lizard. And once they got sneezed out of the lizard, they became regular size again. And there were like 20 different people. And because there were so many people outside of the lizard, the lizards actually got scared.

Because all of the grownups had such good ideas for how to get out. They told Jonah and Jesse that what they should do is they had seatbelts in their car seats and they told Jonah and Jesse that they should trap the lizard's legs in the seatbelt. And so Jonah and Jesse I get it. They put the lizard's legs in the car seats. Yeah, Jonah and Jesse put the lizard's legs in the car seat and buckled it in and the lizard was trapped. And a person could figure out how to get out of a car seat, but lizards really don't know how to do that.

So first Jesse and Jonah trapped two different lizards in the car seats and then all the other lizards got scared, so they started to run away. And then after they trapped the lizard in the car seats, then Jonah and Jesse had all of the grownups work together to dig a deeper hole around the kind of like spider web rope stuff that the lizard made. And they managed to dig a hole to get out of the special lizard trap.

And when they got out of the lizard trap, they saw where their car really was and they realized that the reason they thought their car turned into a lizard and stuff is because this kind of lizard had a special kind of poison that made you think like dream kinds of things. And they got their car back and they decided to go to the real Fun fair which had cotton candy and all sorts of special yummy things and ice cream and it had a Ferris wheel, which was a good Ferris wheel, and fun. And Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.