Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a young warrior named Cocky. Cocky lived in a bamboo forest where all the trees looked like tall, thin pieces of grass. In the forest where Cocky lived, there was so much tall grass that it was as tall as a tree! This grass was thick and felt like wood when you touched it.

Cocky was a warrior who grew up in this forest, and since he was a young child, he learned how to master the art of castle making. Cocky became an expert at chopping down the bamboo and making it into pieces. After they were in pieces, he would build the best castles of any kid in the whole bamboo forest. Cocky knew how to do this because he had a special stuffy. It was a red panda named Fuafua, and it was magical. Fuafua could tell Cocky any secret he wanted to know.

One day, Cocky was walking in the bamboo forest, and there were some other kids playing in a playground. One of the kids said he was a real-life ninja, and another kid said he could jump as high as a cloud. Cocky didn't know if the other kids were telling the truth or just joking. So Cocky asked his red panda stuffy, Fuafua, what was the truth, and Fuafua said that the other kids couldn't jump as high as the clouds and weren't real ninjas.

Cocky told the other kids that they could go over to his bamboo castle that he built in the bamboo forest, which had lots of toys and fun games to play. Cocky's friends said that they really wanted to go. So they followed him through the bamboo forest as they walked. They had no shoes, and it was muddy, so they kept stepping in the mud. It was also cloudy outside, and the clouds were coming down, so as the kids were walking with Cocky in his bamboo forest, there was fog coming, and it became hard to see. So all of the kids held each other's hands, and they walked while holding hands. Cocky became the leader, and he led the kids through the bamboo forest, through the fog, through the mud, all the way to his bamboo castle.

When they got to his bamboo castle, they saw a car. This was not a regular car. A regular car has four wheels, but the car that Cocky saw only had three wheels, and one of them was on the roof of the car. The doors were upside down, and the car had a trunk right where the windshield wipers should be. Instead of regular car lights, this car just had flashlights.

The car that Cocky saw in front of his bamboo castle had three wheels, and it was powered by a kind of tea that only Cocky's stuffy, Fuafua, knew how to make. You would put the tea inside the car where you usually put the gas, and that would make the car go. But Cocky had a bigger mystery on his hand. Why was such a silly car in the middle of the bamboo forest, right in front of his bamboo castle, while all of his friends were holding hands and Fuafua?

Fuafua, the red panda stuffy, told Cocky that he had the solution. The solution was for Cocky to look at the ground and put his hands on the ground and start to see if he could find a lantern. Cocky put down his hands on the ground right where there was mud, and the fog changed colors, and it was no longer white fog. The fog turned pink, and then a noise started coming. It sounded a little bit like a fire truck going whoo. But really, it didn't sound like that entirely because it was also a little bit like a whistle sound, and it wasn't really a whistle sound because it also sounded a little bit like a cat meowing and going.

So they finally found the answer to their mystery. There was a kitty cat inside the car. The reason the kitty cat was inside the car and the reason the car was such a silly car is that the kitty cat was so small. And also, kitty cats don't know how to make regular cars. But sometimes the cat made his own car. Yes. So this cat made his own car. And when Cocky found a lantern, he rubbed on the lantern and all of his friends said, "What is it? What is it?" And Cocky said it was just a magic lantern that is going to make everything special.

He got out the magic lantern, and all of Cocky's friends started stomping their feet in the mud, and they started to sing. OOH, OOH. And as they were singing that, the lantern changed colors and turned red and green and pink. A little fire started to go from inside the lantern. But the fire was cold, and there was ice around the fire, and the ice was very sharp. And whenever the ice would get closer, it would turn into little balls. And these were like soccer balls that it turned into. And the soccer balls would bounce up and down, up and down in the bamboo forest.

And just as that was happening, a genie came out of the lantern. The genie told Cocky that Fuafua was a really special teddy bear. Because Cocky and Fuafua were such wonderful friends, the genie said he was going to turn all of the bamboo in the bamboo forest into silver. Cocky would live in a forest made out of silver, and he could have as much treasure as he wanted. Cocky said thank you to the genie. All of Cocky's friends were so happy because Cocky was good at sharing. The fog went away, and the mud started to dry up, and it started to rain apple juice. Cocky and his friends and Fuafua lived happily ever after. The end.