Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a young warrior whose name was Cocky. Cocky lived in a bamboo forest where all of the trees didn't have any bark on them and looked pretty thin and like big, tall pieces of grass. In the forest that Cookie lived in, there was so much tall, tall grass that was as tall as a tree, and the grass wasn't thin like the type of grass that you step on when you go play outside and step in the green grass. This grass was thick, and it felt like wood when you touched it.

Well, Koki was a warrior who grew up in this forest, and since he was a young child, he learned how to master the art of castle making. Koki became an expert at chopping down the bamboo, which is the tall grass, and making it into pieces. After they were in pieces, he would build the best castles of any kid in the whole bamboo forest. Well, the way that Cookie knew how to do this was that he had a special stuffy. It was a teddy bear, but wasn't really a bear because it was a red panda, and the name of it was Fuafua, and it was magical. The reason it was magical is that Fuafua was able to tell Cookie any secret that Cookie wanted to know.

One day, Cookie was walking about in the bamboo forest, and there were some other kids who were playing in a playground, and one of the kids said that he was a real-life ninja. The other kid said that he could jump as high as a cloud. Cookie didn't know if the other kids were telling the truth and being honest and not tricking or if they were just joking. So Cookie asked his red panda stuffy, Fuafua, what was the truth, and Fuafua said that the other kids couldn't jump as high as the clouds and weren't real ninjas.

Well, Koki told the other kids that they could go over to his bamboo castle that he built in the bamboo forest, which had a lot of toys in it and fun games to play. Cookie's friends said that, yes, they really wanted to go. So they followed him through the bamboo forest as they were walking. They had no shoes, and it was muddy, so they kept stepping in the mud. It was also cloudy outside, and the clouds were coming down, so as the kids were walking with Cookie in his bamboo forest, there was a fog coming, and it became hard to see. So all of the kids held each other's hands, and they walked while holding hands. Cookie became the leader, and he led the kids through the bamboo forest, through the fog, through the mud, all the way to his bamboo castle.

Right when he got to his bamboo castle, he saw that there was a car. This was not a regular car. A regular car has four wheels. It has two wheels in the front and two wheels in the back. But the car that Cookie saw only had three wheels, and one of them was on the roof of the car. Not only was one of the wheels on the roof of the car, but the doors were upside down. And not only were the doors on this car upside down, but the car also had a trunk right where the windshield wipers should be. And there were no windshield wipers. Instead of having regular car lights, this car just had flashlights.

The car that Cookie saw in front of his bamboo castle had three wheels, and it was powered by a kind of tea that only Cookie's stuffy, Fuafua, knew how to make. You would put the tea inside the car where you usually put the gas, and that would make the car go. But Koki had a bigger mystery on his hand. Why was such a silly car in the middle of the bamboo forest, right in front of his bamboo castle, while all of his friends were holding hands and Fuafua?

The red panda stuffy, which is like a teddy bear that Cookie was holding, told Cookie that he had the solution. The solution was for Cookie to look at the ground and put his hands on the ground and start to see if he could find a lantern. Cookie put down his hands on the ground right where there was mud, and the fog changed colors, and it was no longer white fog. The fog turned pink, and then a noise started coming. It sounded a little bit like a fire truck going whoo. But really, it didn't sound like that entirely because it was also a little bit like a whistle sound, and it wasn't really a whistle sound because it also sounded a little bit like a cat meowing and going.

So they finally found the answer to their mystery. There was a kitty cat that was inside the car. The reason the kitty cat was inside the car and the reason the car was such a silly car is that the kitty cat is so small. And also, kitty cats don't know how to make regular cars. But sometimes the cat made his own car. Yes. So this cat made his own car. And when Cookie found a lantern, he rubbed on the lantern and all of his friends said, "What is it? What is it?" And Cookie said it was just a magic lantern that is going to make everything special.

He got out the magic lantern, and all of Cookie's friends started stomping their feet in the mud, and they started to sing. OOH, OOH. And as they were singing that, the lantern changed colors and turned red and green and pink. A little fire started to go from inside the lantern. But the fire was cold, and there was ice around the fire, and the ice was very sharp. And whenever the ice would get closer, it would turn into little balls. And these were like soccer balls that it turned into. And the soccer balls would bounce up and down, up and down in the bamboo forest.

And just as that was happening, a genie came out of the lantern. The genie told Koki that Fuafua was a really special teddy bear. As a consequence and direct result of what a wonderful person Cookie and Fuafua were, the genie said he was going to turn all of the bamboo in the bamboo forest into silver. Cookie would live in a forest made out of silver, and he could have as much treasure as he wanted. Cookie said thank you to the genie. All of Cookie's friends were so happy because Cookie was good at sharing. The fog went away, and the mud started to dry up, and it started to rain apple juice. Cocky and his friends and Fuafua lived happily ever after. The end.