Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a planet where it was always dark. It wasn't dark like the middle of the night, but on this planet, it was always dim, like right before bedtime. And that's how the planet was all the time. It was a little bit colder than Earth, and instead of having regular water, it had pink ice that floated on top of the land, with tunnels inside. That's where all the aliens on that planet lived - in the pink tunnels.

There was one little alien who always wanted to take a trip and go out of the pink ice tunnels on his planet and travel in a spaceship across outer space to visit Earth. This alien, named Hookah the Great, grew up to become an astronaut. He finally decided to take one of those alien spaceships, which was long and pink and powered by the mysterious pink ice. He flew it all the way through outer space, passing lots of different stars, planets, and secret factories, until he reached Earth.

When Hookah the Great got to Earth, he had to choose the perfect spot to land. He saw that Earth had blue water, green grass, and many buildings, houses, and farmland. Hookah the Great decided the perfect place for him to land would be in a lake in New Zealand called Lake Wanica. He landed his big pink rocket ship right on Lake Wanica, causing a big splash in the lake and flooding the shore and all the stores downtown.

In a nearby house, two kids, Jonah and Jesse, heard the big splash. They looked out the window, and Jesse pointed, saying, "Mom, Dad, look! Hookah the Great has come!" Jonah asked Jesse how he knew about this, and they realized they both had dreams about an alien from a different planet with pink, icy water and dark tunnels. They dreamed that this great alien, Hookah the Great, would visit them in Wanuka.

Their friends Steve and Amanda came over, and they all wondered what Hookah the Great was going to do. Jonah suggested they all hold hands, and they started going in a circle in their living room, singing "Ring Around the Rosie." As they sang, a pile of logs made of pink icy stuff appeared between them. When they all fell down at the end of the song, they turned into ghosts! They couldn't see each other, and nobody could see them. They could float in the air, move things without being seen, and do all sorts of things with their new powers.

Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda floated out of their house as ghosts and saw that Hookah the Great's rocket ship had turned the whole lake pink and icy. The sun was going dark, and it looked like something from Hookah the Great's rocket ship was turning Earth into the pink, icy planet he came from. But because they were ghosts, they couldn't do anything about it.

Finally, Jesse had an idea. He told the others that Hookah the Great came to Earth looking for adventure, and they should show him an amusement park with roller coasters, merry-go-rounds, and Ferris wheels. Then Hookah the Great would have a big adventure on Earth and wouldn't want to turn it into the pink, icy planet where he came from.

So, they floated to the middle of Lake Wanica, where Hookah the Great's giant pink spaceship sat on top of the pink icy lake. They went onto the spaceship and, holding hands, sang "Ring Around the Rosie" again, turning back into regular people. They told Hookah the Great about the amusement park, and together, they all went to the most fun amusement park in New Zealand.

Hookah the Great had such a great time that he decided not to turn Earth into a pink, icy dark planet. He would just come back from time to time to visit, and Jonah and Jesse should remember him. If they ever had a dream about him again, they should make sure not to forget because he might come back when they're older. And so, Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.