Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup toys. My name is Birdie. I live in Des Moines, Iowa state. Makeup Toys is the best podcast ever. Yeah. Tonight's makeup story is a request from my son Jesse. And Jesse asks for there to be a pile of logs. And when you touch the pile of logs, you become a ghost. And Jonah can't really think of anything to ask today because he's not feeling well. And so Jesse suggests that we also add a house to the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a planet where it was always dark. It wasn't dark like the middle of the night dark, but in the planet, it was always just kind of like, dim, like right before night, like after dinner time. And that's how the planet was all the time. And the planet was a little bit colder than Earth. And instead of having regular water, it had a pink kind of ice that floated on top of the land, and there were tunnels in the ice. And that's where all the aliens on that planet used to live. They lived in the pink tunnels. And there was one little alien that used to always want to take a trip and to go out of the pink ice tunnels on his planet and to go in a spaceship across outer space to visit Earth. And so that alien, whose name was Hookah the Great, when that alien got older and he became an astronaut, he finally decided to take one of those alien spaceships that was long and pink and powered by this mysterious pink ice. And he went in that spaceship, and he flew it all the way through outer space. He passed lots of different stars and lots of different planets, and he also saw lots of secret factories. And finally he got all the way to Earth. And when Hookah the Great got to Earth, he had to choose the perfect spot to land. And Hookah the Great saw that the Earth had blue water and that the grass was green and that there were lots of buildings and houses and farmland. And Hookah the Great said that the perfect place for him to land would be in a lake in New Zealand called Lake Wanica. And Hookah the Great decided to land his big pink rocket ship right on Lake Wanica. And there was a big splash in the lake, and the water came, and it flooded the shore in all of the stores downtown. And in a house, there were two kids, Jonah and Jesse, who heard a big splash. And they looked out the window, and Jesse pointed, and he said, Mom, dad, look. Hookah. The great has come. And Jonah said, Jesse, how did you know about this? I had a dream about that also. And Jonah told Jesse that he had a dream when he was younger about an alien that lived on a different planet. And the planet had pink water that was kind of frozen and it was a kind of darker planet and that there were tunnels and that this great alien, Hookah the Great, lived in one of those tunnels and took a rocket ship and that he would go to visit them in Wanuka. And jesse said, I had that same dream. And then steve and amanda came, and they said, guys, what happens in the dream? What is hookah the great going to do? And jonah said, okay, hold on, everybody. We have to hold hands. And jonah and jesse and steve and amanda started holding hands, and they started going in a circle in their living room, and they started to sing ring around a rosy pocket full of posy. And as they were singing that song, there was a big pile of logs that came between them. And the pile of logs was of wood that wasn't made of regular tree wood. Instead, it looked like it was made of that pink icy stuff from the alien planet that hookah the great lived on. And when they got to the part of ringarounderosie, when they all fall down, jonah and jesse and steve and amanda, they fell down into the pink icy stuff, and they became ghosts. They couldn't see each other, and nobody could see them. Suddenly it seemed like they would just float in the air and everything where they were. There were little winds whenever they moved, and they could close and open doors, and nobody would know why. And they could move toys to different places, and people wouldn't know how the toys would get to those new places. They could do all sorts of things with their new powers. And jonah and jesse and steve and amanda floated out of their house as their little ghosts. And they saw that hookah the great's rocket ship had made the whole lake wanuka turn pink, and that it turned into like a kind of icy stuff. And they looked up and they saw that the sun was kind of going dark, and it looked kind of like it was sunset, but different colors than a normal sunset. There was more blue and purple in this sunset. And suddenly it seems like maybe something on hookah the great's rocket ship turned the whole planet earth into that pink icy planet where he came from. And jonah and jesse and steve and amanda, because they were ghosts, there was nothing that they could do. Finally, jesse had an idea. And jesse told jonah and steve and amanda that he had a special idea for how to turn back into a person and how to make hookah the great go back to his pink planet. Jesse told steve and amanda and also jonah that hookah the great was trying to go to earth because he was looking for adventure. He was trying to get away from his home planet because he was bored just living in those pink tunnels. Jesse said to Jonah steve and Amanda that they should show Hookah the Great an amusement park and have him go on, like, roller coasters and stuff and also on, like, big merrygor rounds and Ferris wheels. And then Hookah the Great would have a big adventure on Earth and he wouldn't want to turn it into the pink, icy planet where he came from, where it's always kind of dark. And Jonah said that that was a good idea. So Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda, they floated over town right to the middle of Lake Wanica, where Hookah the Great's giant pink spaceship sat on top of the pink icy lake. And Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda were impossible to see because when they fell onto that pile of logs when they were playing ring around a Rosie, they became invisible. And they went on to Hookah the Great's rocket ship. And when they floated into the room next to Hookah the Great, jesse said, everyone hold hands. And Jesse ghost and Jonah ghost and Steve ghost and Amanda ghost held hands, and they did ring around to Rosie. But this time they turned the other way and they turned back into regular people. And Hookah the Great saw the real Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda and Jesse told Steve to tell him that they should go to an adventure park together. And that's what Steve and Amanda and Jesse and Jonah told Hookah the great. So they took Hookah the Great to the most fun amusement park in the whole of New Zealand. And Hookah the Great had such a fun time, he decided he would not turn Earth into a pink, icy dark planet and that he would just come back from time to time to visit and that Jonah and Jesse should remember about him. And if they ever had a dream about him again, they should make sure not to forget because he might come back when they're older. And Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end. You listen to my cup stories. My name is Dafin. Go to my cupstar.com. Join the club. Tell your friends.