Once upon a time, long ago, there was a big girl named Claire. One day, Claire was walking around her house when she discovered a secret mirror. She called out, "Mom, I found a secret mirror!" Her mom came over, and just as Claire looked into the mirror, the room's light changed colors. First it was green, then red, and finally blue. The mirror became foggy, and it looked like a cloud had entered the room. In the corners, little fireworks appeared. They didn't go very high, and they weren't scary, but the fireworks went off in the foggy room. As the fireworks went off, some fireflies appeared. Fireflies are tiny insects that fly around and make little lights.

Claire looked into the mirror, and it started to talk. The mirror asked, "Claire, is your name Claire?" Claire replied, "Yes, and I have a little sister named Chloe who's a toddler, and she's two and a half years old." The mirror then asked, "Claire, do you like fairies, magic castles, and flying ice cream?" Claire excitedly said, "Yes, I do!" As she spoke, her words echoed in the room.

A big yellow button appeared on the mirror. The mirror told Claire, "Press the yellow button." When she pressed it, the mirror opened up, revealing a secret tunnel. Claire asked her mom if she should go through the tunnel, and her mom said, "It looks very safe, so let's go together. We'll hold hands and bring Chloe too." Claire agreed, thinking it was a good idea.

As they walked through the tunnel, they couldn't believe what they saw. There was a castle on the other side of their house! Claire thought it might be an invisible castle or that you needed special magic glasses to see it. They entered the magic castle, which was made of stone held together by something that looked like Oreo cookies with cream in the middle.

Inside the castle, Claire heard the sound of butterfly wings. She looked up and saw seven fairies flying around, singing songs. One fairy sang "Mary Had a Little Lamb," and as she did, Mary and her lamb appeared in the castle. Claire saw that Mary wore a rain jacket, a hood, and big yellow boots with a picture of Princess Elsa on them. Chloe thought it was funny because she loved splashing in puddles and wondered if there would be a puddle soon.

Chloe said she was thirsty, and just then, she saw a water fountain. When she pressed the button, water sprinkled from the ceiling, creating puddles on the floor. Claire and Chloe had fun splashing in the puddles. As they played, frogs appeared and started jumping around. But these weren't ordinary frogs; they turned into kitty cats and even said, "Meow." When you tried to pet a frog, it turned into a fish and swam in the puddles with the rainbow-colored fish. Claire and Chloe loved the castle.

One of the fairies waved her magic wand and asked Claire if she wanted anything to eat. Claire said she wanted a carrot, but Chloe suggested asking for something yummier. The fairy had a special idea and made a carrot appear. Claire took a bite, and it tasted like ice cream with chocolate chips! Chloe wanted one too, but the fairy offered her a cucumber instead. When Chloe bit into it, it turned into flying ice cream with little cookies inside. The ice cream melted on the floor, and the rainbow fish swam in it, growing into dolphins.

Claire's mom said it was getting wet, so a fairy waved her magic wand, and everything became dry. The dolphins that used to be rainbow fish started to fly and eat ice cream. There was enough ice cream for everyone, and Claire and Chloe had a great time. But when they saw it was getting dark, their mom said it was time to go home.

They walked back through the magic mirror, and Claire said, "Now we always know how to get to the magic castle on the other side of this magic mirror." The mirror told them it would take them on a different adventure another day and would reappear if they looked carefully around the house. That night, Claire and Chloe had a yummy dinner and went to sleep, living happily ever after. The end. Share this story with your friends, and let them enjoy it too!