Once upon a time, long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Claire. Claire was walking around her house when she saw that there was a secret mirror. And she said, "Mom, I found there's a secret mirror." And her mom came. And just when Claire looked in the secret mirror, the light in the room changed different colors. First it was green, then it was red, and then it was blue. And the mirror started to get foggy, and it looked like a cloud came in the room. And then right in the corners, there were some little fireworks. They didn't go so high, and they weren't scary fireworks, but the fireworks went off in the foggy room. And just as the fireworks went off, there were some fireflies. Fireflies are little insects that fly around and make little lights. 

And Claire looked in the mirror, and the mirror started to talk. And the mirror said, "Claire, is your name Claire? And do you know what Claire said? Yes. She said, "yes, and I have a little sister whose name is Chloe and who's a toddler, and she's two and a half years old." And the mirror said, "Claire, do you like fairies and magic castles and flying ice cream?" And Claire said yes. "Yes, I do." And just as she said that, there started to be an echo in the room, and she said, "yes. Yes, I do. Do." And there was a big echo. 

And then there was a button on the mirror that was a big yellow button. And the mirror said, "Claire, press the yellow button." And just as she pressed the yellow button, the mirror opened up, and it led to a secret tunnel. Well, Claire asked her mom if she should go through the secret tunnel, and her mom said, "It does look very safe, so how about we go together and we'll hold hands and bring Chloe also?" And Claire said, "that sounds like a good idea." 

When she walked through the tunnel, she could not believe what she saw, because do you know what it was? What? It was a castle right on the other side of her house. And she thinks she thought that maybe it was an invisible castle to people who lived outside her house. Or maybe you had to wear special magic glasses to see the castle, because she just walked through the mirror. And on the other side of the mirror, there was such a magic castle that she entered. And the magic castle was made of stone. And the stone that it was made of looked like it had kind of cookies stuck in between the stones to hold it together. There's a certain kind of cookie called an Oreo cookie that has, like, cream in the middle. And the stones were making that the cream in the middle of the Oreo cookies were holding together the castle. 

And Claire walked in the castle. And when she walked in the castle, she heard some butterfly wings. And she looked up, and she didn't see butterflies. Instead, she saw seven fairies. And the fairies were flying about, and they were all singing songs. And one of the fairies was singing a song that went "Mary had a Little lamb, a little lamb, a little lamb." And just as she was singing that song, do you know what happened? A lamb came, and the real Mary from Mary Had a Little Lamb came into the castle and started walking around with the lamb. And Claire said, "so that's what Mary from Mary and the little lamb looks like." And she saw that Mary was wearing a rain jacket and a hood and big yellow boots that had a picture of Princess Elsa on it. And Chloe thought that was so silly because Chloe loved to splash in puddles. And she thought that if Mary from Mary Had a Little Lamb had boots, then maybe soon there would be a puddle. 

And Chloe said she's thirsty. And just as she said that, she saw a water fountain. And she pressed the water fountain button, and it started sprinkling all over. And instead of coming from the water fountain, the rain came from the ceiling of the castle, and it started pouring down. And Claire and Chloe started stomping in the puddles and splash, splashing all over. It was a lot of fun. Just as she was having fun splashing in the castle, she saw that frogs were starting to jump all over the place. And these were not regular frogs, because regular frogs just jump and say ribbit. But these frogs were turning into kitty cats, and they had fur on them, and they looked like kitty cats. And some of the frogs even said, "Meow." But then if you tried to pet a frog, then guess what happened? It turned into a fish, and it started swimming in the they were little fish and little rainbow colored fish. So they were swimming in the puddles, and Claire and Chloe said, "we love this castle." 

And just as they said that, one of the fairies waved her magic wand and asked Claire if she wanted anything to eat. And Claire said, "well, I really do want a carrot." And Chloe said, "no, don't ask for a carrot. Ask for something so yummy." And the fairy said, "don't worry. I have a special idea." And the fairy waved her magic wand, and all of a sudden, a carrot appeared. And she told Claire to take a bite of the carrot. And Claire said, "well, I'm really not in the mood for a carrot, because I want vegetables are yummy, but I want something so yummy, like maybe like ice cream." And just as she said that, the fairy said, "no, trust me. Take a bite of the carrot and see what happens." And Claire took a bite of the carrot. And do you know what happened? It tasted like ice cream. It tasted like ice cream. It tasted like ice cream with chocolate chips inside of it. And Claire was so happy. And then Chloe asked for one, too. And so the fairy said, "I'm sorry, Chloe. There's no carrots for you. Do you want a cucumber?" And Chloe said, "no, I want the magic carrot that has ice cream." And the fairy said, "Just trust me, Chloe. Ask for a cucumber." And Chloe said okay. "Can I have a cucumber?" And the fairy said, "okay." And the fairy waved her magic wand and gave Chloe a cucumber. And do you know what happened? Chloe bit the cucumber, and it turned into flying ice cream. The ice cream was just squirting everywhere, and it got all over the puddles. And Chloe started eating some because the ice cream had little cookies inside it. And the ice cream started melting, and it would go on the floor. And do you know what other thing was swimming on the floor? The rainbow fish. And the rainbow fish started swimming in the ice cream also. And when the rainbow fish swam in the ice cream, they became big. And they got so big, they turned into dolphins. 

And then Claire's mom said, "it is getting kind of wet." And one of the fairies said, "don't worry." And she waved her magic wand, and suddenly everything became dry on the floor. And the dolphins that used to be the rainbow fish started to fly. And they would eat so much ice cream because there was enough ice cream for all of the dolphins and for Claire and for Chloe. Claire and Chloe had so much fun. But they looked out the window, and they saw that it was getting dark. And their mom said, "we can't have too much sugar before dinner." And so it was time for them to go home. 

Well, they walked back through the magical mirror, and when they got to the other side, Claire said, "well, the good thing is now we always know how to get to the magic castle on the other side of this magic mirror." But then the magic meal said that actually would go on a different trip. Yeah. And the magic mirror said, "it's going to have to turn off for the nighttime, but a different day. If she waits and looks carefully around the house, the magic mirror would reappear." And Claire and Chloe had dinner that night and it was really yummy stuff. And then they went to sleep and they lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.