Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a family named the Zickerblops. The Zickerblops lived in a village in the middle of a snowy mountain called Zickerblupville. In Zickerblupville, it was a really silly city because everyone had chimneys on top of their houses, but everyone also had bells on top of their chimneys. There would be ropes reaching down from the bottom of the chimneys all the way to the fireplace. When there was no fire, the kids were allowed to ring the bell, and it would go dingaling. Even without fire, it would make smoke go out of the chimney. The smoke was blue smoke, and the kids would go outside to see the blue smoke coming out of their dingling chimneys after ringing the bell.

In this town, there were lots of special things. For example, the road that they walked on in the town wasn't gray. The road that they walked on was full of different colored lights. There was a phone as big as a horse, and all of the kids had such big toys. Some of the toys in this town were as big as a whole house. Whenever you wanted a new present or a new toy in this town, all you had to do was ring the dingling bell in the chimney and then press the green button so that the smoke would be green. After you did that, a magical fairy would come through the chimney and give you a new present. If the present didn't fit in the chimney, then you would get to go outside.

One day, Charlie was getting really lonely, and he wanted to have a friend that was a dinosaur. So he went to the fireplace and saw the rope. He started to pull the rope, and out came blue smoke. Then he pressed the green button, and it changed the color of the smoke to green. Suddenly, Charlie saw a fairy. The fairy asked, "What kind of present do you want, Charlie?" Charlie said, "I want to make a tree that grows hamburgers. The tree should make little hamburgers. When people want to eat them, they just take them off the tree, and the hamburgers will get cooked in the sun because there'll be magnifying glasses next to the hamburgers, and that'll make it a little bit hotter from the sunlight."

The fairy told Charlie that with his brother Jack, they could plant a special seed to make the hamburger tree. Jack, his little brother, said that he wanted to help. The fairy said that she would give Charlie two things: the first was a seed, and the second was a dinosaur egg. The fairy gave Charlie a dinosaur egg, and then Charlie and his little brother Jack started to crack the dinosaur egg with a little pretend hammer that they had. It went crack, crack, crack, and finally, a baby dinosaur came out. The baby dinosaur had really silly eyes because the baby dinosaur's eyes were rainbow-colored. The baby dinosaur only spoke a silly language. Nobody could ever understand what the baby dinosaur was saying except for Charlie and Jack's dad.

Charlie and Jack's dad told them that the little baby dinosaur was saying that the best place to plant the seed for the hamburger tree was on top of a snowy mountain. They decided to set off on an adventure to go up a snowy mountain with the baby dinosaur with the rainbow-colored eyes to plant the magic hamburger tree seed. Before they could go, there was a big wind that came and blew the seed all the way out of Charlie's hand. The seed went so far, all the way up the mountain. Charlie told his little brother Jack, "Quick, get the binoculars!" Jack got some kid toy binoculars, and he and Charlie looked through the binoculars to see on top of the mountain.

Now, this was a magic seed, and magic seeds grow very quickly. When Charlie looked at the top of the mountain, he saw that there might have been something, but it was pretty hard for him to see. The dinosaur asked to see it, and the dinosaur used his rainbow-colored eyes to see on top of the mountain. He told Charlie that the hamburger tree was already growing, but only Charlie and the dinosaur could see it, and grownups couldn't.

Charlie and Jack's dad decided that they would go on an adventure all the way up the mountain. They got their sleds and decided to have some dogs pull their sleds because sometimes dogs love to pull sleds. They got a sled ride, Charlie, Jack, and their dad, all the way up the mountain. As they got closer to the top of the mountain, they started to hear some spooky noises, and it was going like, "Whoo." Then suddenly, they heard "Boo!" Charlie's dad turned around, but he couldn't see what it was. The dinosaur looked and said, "Oh, it's a friendly ghost named Gooba."

Gooba the ghost decided that he was hungry too for hamburgers and wanted to get to the hamburger tree. The dinosaur and Gooba told Charlie that they would go with him. Charlie told Gooba not to scare his dad or anyone else because sometimes ghosts could be scary. But Gooba told Charlie that he was a friendly ghost and that ghosts were silly sometimes. Gooba, the little dinosaur, and Charlie shared a sled, and their dad walked beside them as the dogs pulled them to the top of the mountain.

Once they got to the top of the mountain, they saw something really special. The hamburger tree had grown so big, and it had so many hamburgers on it that they decided they could eat some. But there was also a wind, and the wind was pushing the seeds from the hamburger tree all over. The seeds from the hamburger tree went down to Charlie and Jack's town, and they went all over, and now there were so many magical hamburger trees. They decided to go back down the mountain and told people in their town that not only could they have as many toys as they want, but they could also have as many little hamburgers as they want. But grownups couldn't see the hamburger trees. Only kids could, and only dinosaurs with rainbow eyes.

Charlie, Jack, and the rest of their family lived happily ever after. The end.