You welcome to makeup the kids bedtime stories. Podcast. I'm your host, Steve. I make up new stories on the fly every day to put my five year old son to sleep. Story requests come from listeners like you. If you want to request a story, then let us know your name and something you want to be in the story. If you want a shout out or know someone whose birthday is coming up, connect with us in two Twitter, Facebook at makeup stories. If you like this podcast, please subscribe and leave us a five star review. And now we're ready for today's story. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from two listeners who are brothers, Charlie and Jack, who live in Norway. And Charlie and Jack want a story about a dinosaur, a ghost, some magic food at the top of a mountain, and something's going to be invisible, which means you can't see it. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a family named the Zickerblops. And the Zickerblups lived in a village in middle of a snowy mountain called Zickerblupville. And in Zickerblupville, it was a really silly city because everyone had chimneys on top of their house, but everyone also had bells on top of their chimneys. And there would be ropes reaching down the bottom of the chimneys all the way to the fireplace. And the kids were allowed, when there was no fire, to ring the bell. And they would go dingaling. And then even without fire, it would make smoke go out of the chimney. And the smoke was blue smoke. And the kids would get after ringing the bell, they would go outside to see the blue smoke coming out of their dingling chimneys. And in this town, there were lots of special things. For example, the road that they walked on in the town wasn't gray. The road that they walked on was full of different color lights. And there was a phone that was as big as a horsey. And all of the kids had such big toys. Some of the toys in this town were as big as, like a whole house. And whenever you wanted a new present or a new toy in this town, all you had to do is ring the dingling bell in the chimney. And then you also had to press the green button so that the smoke would be green. And after you did that, a magical fairy would come through the chimney and give you a new present. And if the present didn't fit in the chimney, then you would get to go outside. Well, one day, Charlie was getting really lonely, and he wanted to have a friend that was a dinosaur. So he went to the fireplace and he saw the rope, and he started to pull the rope, and out came blue smoke. And then he pressed the green button, and it changed the color of the smoke to green. And suddenly Charlie saw a fairy. And the fairy said, what kind of present do you want Charlie? And Charlie said, I want to make a tree that grows hamburgers. And the hamburgers shouldn't be so big. The tree should make little hamburgers. And then when people want to eat it, then they just take it off the tree and the hamburgers will get cooked in the sun because there'll be magnifying glasses next to the hamburgers and that'll make it a little bit hotter from the sunlight. And so the ferry told Charlie that with his brother Jack, they could plant a special seed to make the hamburger tree. And Jack, his little brother, said that he wanted to help. Well, the fairy said that she is going to give Charlie two things. The first is a seed, and then the second is a dinosaur egg. Well, the fairy gave Charlie a dinosaur egg and then Charlie and his little brother Jack started to crack the dinosaur egg with a little pretend hammer that they had. And it went crack, crack, crack. And finally a baby dinosaur came out. The baby dinosaur had really silly eyes because the baby dinosaur's eyes were rainbow colored. And the baby dinosaur only spoke silly language. He would say things like higglio hill sepodai kinadu ye my two glass earl. And nobody could ever understand what the baby dinosaur was saying except for Charlie and Jack's dada. And Charlie and Jack's dada told Charlie and Jack that the little baby dinosaur was saying that the best place to plant the seed for the hamburger tree was on top of a snowy mountain. And so they decided to set off on adventure to go up a snowy mountain with the baby dinosaur with the rainbow colored eyes to plant the magic hamburger tree seed. Well, before they could go, there was a big wind that came and the wind blew the seed all the way out of Charlie's hand. And the seed went so far, all the way up the mountain. And so Charlie told his little brother Jack, quick, get the binoculars. And Jack got some kid toy binoculars and he and Charlie looked through the binoculars to see on top of the mountain. Now this was a magic seed, and magic seeds grow very quickly. So when Charlie looked at the top of the mountain, he saw that there might have been something, but it was pretty hard for him to see. And so the dinosaur asked for him to see it. And the dinosaur used his rainbow colored eyes to see on top of the mountain. And he told Charlie that really the hamburger tree was already going, but only Charlie and only the dinosaur could see it and grownups couldn't. Well, Charlie and Jack's data decided that they would go on adventure all the way up the mountain. And so they got their sleds and they decided to have some dogs pull their sleds, because sometimes dogs love to pull sleds. And they got a sled ride, charlie and Jack and their dadda all the way up the mountain. As they got closer to the top of the mountain, they started to hear some spooky noises, and it was going like, who. And then suddenly they heard boo. And Charlie's dadda turned around, but he couldn't see what it was. And the dinosaur looked, and he said, oh, it's a friendly ghost named Gooba. And Gooba the ghost decided that he was hungry, too, for hamburgers, and he wanted to get to the hamburger tree. So the dinosaur and Gooba told Charlie that they would go with him. And Charlie told Gooba not to scare his dad or anyone else, because sometimes ghosts could be scary. But Gooba told Charlie that he is a friendly ghost, and ghosts are silly sometimes. And Gooba and a little dinosaur and Charlie shared a sled, and their dad walked beside them as the dogs pulled them to the top of the mountain. Once they got to the top of the mountain, they saw something really special. The hamburger tree had grown so big and sorry about that. The hamburger tree had grown so big, and it had so many hamburgers on it that they decided they could eat some. But there was also a wind, and the wind was pushing the seeds from the hamburger tree all over. And the seeds from the hamburger tree went down to Charlie and Jack's town, and they went all over, and now there were so many magical hamburger trees. And so they decided to go back down the mountain, and they told people in their town that not only could they have as many toys as they want, but they could also have as many little hamburgers as they want. But grownups couldn't see the hamburger trees. Only kids could, and only dinosaurs with rainbow eyes. And so Charlie and Jack and the rest of his family lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. We're so happy to have you as a listener. Remember to subscribe and also to leave a five star review. You and itunes.