Once upon a time, there was a big girl whose name was Nancy. Nancy was really good at jumping rope and playing hopscotch. One day, Nancy went out to the sidewalk in front of her house with her mama, and she started to use some chalk to draw hopscotch. She wrote the numbers 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and 7, and each of the numbers was in a different square. Then Nancy decided that she would hop into the squares and jump between them until she was all done. 

Well, as she did that, she noticed that some friends were watching from across the street, and she asked those friends if they wanted to play, and they said yes. So one of the friends was named Andy, and another friend was named Bob. Andy and Bob came to play with Nancy, and they all played hopscotch together. Were they all friends? Yeah, they were all friends from school. They all played hopscotch together and took turns jumping rope. At first, Nancy wasn't so good at jumping rope, but she kept practicing, and she was able to jump without getting stuck on the rope. 

Her friends were so thankful that Nancy let them play hopscotch and use the jump rope that they told her that they would bring balloons over. She said okay. So the next day, her friends brought over the balloons, and Nancy told them that they were going to go on a hike in the forest. That day, they brought the balloons, and they went on a hike in the forest. Her friends told her that these were really big, really strong balloons, and they're not so hard even for kids to blow. 

So they started to go on their hike, and they went past a bunch of rocks, and they passed an apple tree on their hike, and some of the apples were falling off the tree. Nancy told them that she was very good at climbing trees because her dad taught her how. So she had one of her friends lift her shoe and help give her a boost, and she climbed the tree and picked some apples. Then they all took a break and ate the apples. 

Well, they kept going after the apple tree until they found a pond. They went all by themselves because these were big girls and boys, who were nine years old. They kept going until they found a pond. In the pond, there were frogs. Nancy even showed her friends that there was a turtle. Bob had never seen a turtle before, so he said, "Wow, a real-life turtle." Just as they were looking at the turtle, they heard a growl in the woods. Nancy said that they had to be careful because there were some mountain lions in these woods that her mom had once seen. Bob said, "We don't think there are really mountain lions." Nancy said, "You have to believe me." So she told her friends to leave the lake with the frogs and the turtles and to keep going. 

Well, they kept going. As they were walking, they found a deer, and the deer was walking about when suddenly a leopard ran from behind a hill and ambushed the deer, which means it surprise attacked it and then jumped on the deer and tried to get it. The deer was too fast for that leopard, and it ran away. But then the leopard saw Nancy, Bob, and her other friend, and Nancy was like, "Uh-oh, we better get away before the leopard gets us." Bob said, "How could we even get away?" Nancy said, "I have an idea. Remember the balloons?" Bob said, "Oh, yeah." 

Quickly, Nancy got out the balloons before the leopard could even start chasing them. They blew up the balloons until they were so big, and each of the kids held three different balloons. Finally, the leopard started chasing and getting closer and closer. But by that time, Nancy had tied up the balloons, and so did Bob and so did Alex. After they tied up the balloons, do you know what happened? They held onto the balloons, and they started floating in the air, and the leopard couldn't even get them. 

Well, it was a little bit scary for the kids to be in the air even though they were nine years old because they didn't have a parachute or anything in case they fell. So they decided to hold the balloons with one hand and hold each other's hands with the other hands. Alex, Bob, and Nancy all held hands while holding the balloons, and they got higher and higher until they reached the clouds. 

When they got to the top of one white cloud, they saw that there was a house on top of the cloud. Nancy decided that they should knock on the house to ask if anybody could help them get back down. Bob said, "Okay, but let's be careful." Nancy said, "Okay." And she went, knock, knock, knock. But when she knocked on the house, this house wasn't made of brick, straw, or wood. This house was made of cloud, and it was full of white stuff that you could blow, and it looked a little bit like steam and like smoke. But at the same time, it had a structure and was a little bit hard. 

When they opened up the door to the house, do you know who came out? A squirrel. The squirrel was white, and this squirrel could fly. The squirrel said in English, because this squirrel spoke English, "Nancy, what are you doing here?" Nancy said, "Well, I'm here because there was a mean, scary leopard chasing us. We held onto the balloons to get away so the leopard couldn't get us." The squirrel said, "Oh, I remember you. I was once on your roof running around from trees and trying to get some acorns. In your house, you had a special squirrel feeder where you gave nuts to squirrels. So I'm your friend, and I'm going to help you." 

The white flying squirrel told Nancy, Bob, and Alex that they could take a ride on the flying squirrel's back, and he would fly them down all the way by their house. So they all hopped on a ride on the squirrel. The squirrel started to fly down through the sky all the way until he got to the top of the forest. When he got to the top of the forest, he saw that the deer had gotten away from the leopard, and Nancy had to direct the squirrel by pushing it one way. The squirrel helped them fly all the way back to Nancy's house. 

When they got to Nancy's house, the squirrel said, "Where is a good place to drop you off?" Nancy told the squirrel, "By the hopscotch." So the squirrel dropped them off at the hopscotch. Then the squirrel tried to play hopscotch with them. Squirrels are so good at jumping, so the squirrel jumped all the way from one to the last one, which was seven. Nancy said, "That's cheating, but that's okay because the squirrel saved the day." The squirrel gave Nancy a kiss. Nancy and Bob gave some nuts to the squirrel. Then the squirrel flew back up to the clouds. Nancy and her friends lived happily ever after. The end.