Once upon a time, there was a girl named Ellie who loved exploring and discovering new things. Ellie also enjoyed finding treasures in the river, like shiny gold. One day, she found a mermaid in the river. The mermaid asked, "Who are you?" Ellie replied, "I'm Ellie." She asked the mermaid who she was, and the mermaid said she was a mermaid named the Little Mermaid, but not the one from Disney.

Ellie followed the Little Mermaid down the river to a waterfall, which turned out to be a big rainbow that led to a unicorn. The unicorn lived in a tree that was much taller than a redwood tree, the tallest tree in the whole wide world. While Ellie was watching, a beautiful seed floated gently down from the unicorn's tree and landed in her hand. Ellie looked at it and thought, "Wow, this seems like a magical seed. I wonder if it could grow a beautiful forest of tall, tall trees like this one."

She told the mermaid that she could travel all over the world and should take the seed to the most beautiful place she found and plant it so that a whole forest of these lovely trees would grow there. The mermaid swam all around the world, meeting amazing sea creatures and planting the seed in a gorgeous bay with golden hills around it. The seed grew very quickly into a very tall tree that looked a lot like a redwood tree.

The mermaid went to tell Ellie about the redwood tree, but Ellie lived on a different continent from where the redwood tree was. The redwood tree was in the Americas, in an area that is now known as the San Francisco Bay Area, but at that time didn't have a name. When the mermaid went to tell Ellie about it, Ellie was so excited to see it. She asked how they would get there, and the mermaid said they would just swim. Ellie pointed out that she couldn't sleep in the water since she wasn't a mermaid.

The mermaid then went to talk to her friend, the unicorn, who suggested making a rainbow bridge from Asia, where Ellie was, all the way to the Americas. The mermaid could swim and sleep in the water, and Ellie could walk across the rainbow bridge. However, Ellie worried about the distance and not being able to return in time for school after the summer. The unicorn then suggested using a rainbow sled tied to his rainbow tail, which would allow them to travel much faster.

Ellie and her friend Jonah made the sled with wheels and attached it to the unicorn's rainbow tail with a special rope made of sparkly gold. The unicorn started running, and the wheels on the sled went faster and faster until they were flying through the air. They eventually reached the redwood tree and climbed a rainbow ladder made by the unicorn to the top of the tree, which was right on top of the clouds.

At the top of the tree, they enjoyed cotton candy clouds and built a treehouse to sleep in. The next morning, they thanked the mermaid and unicorn for their adventure and returned home on the unicorn's back. When they told their parents about their adventure, the parents smiled and said, "Kids have such wild imaginations." The parents never figured out that all of that had really happened. The end.