Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Grayson. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends, welcome to makeup. Hi, you might know me because I go and makeup every day. My name is Jonah, and you just told my mom. You usually you hear my dad. And tonight's makeup story, it's a request from someone named Ellie. And Ellie asked for story about a tree, a mermaid, and a unicorn. Ellie is Jonah's cousin. She is five years old, and she lives in Renton, Washington. Ellie's birthday is July 24, and so we want to say happy birthday, Ellie. Okay, tonight's next story is a story about someone named Ellie. And Ellie always liked to go exploring and find new things. Ellie also liked to find stuff in the river, like gold. She liked to find a bunch of things. And one day, she found a mermaid in the river. And the mermaid said, who are you? And Ellie said, I'm Ellie. And Ellie said, who are you? And the mermaid said, I'm a mermaid named the Little Mermaid, but not the one on Disney. And then Elliot went out of the river and followed the little mermaid down the river to a waterfall. And the waterfall wasn't a bunch of waterfalling. It was a big rainbow that led to a unicorn. And the unicorn, for some reason, lived in a tree. And the tree was so much taller than a redwood tree, the tallest tree that ever lived in the whole wide world. And while Ellie was watching, a beautiful seed floated slowly down from the unicorn's tree, and it landed in Ellie's hand. And Ellie looked at it, and she thought, wow, this seems like a magical seed. I wonder if it could start a beautiful forest of tall, tall trees like this one. And she said to the mermaid, you can travel all over the world. You should take this seed to the most beautiful place you find and plant it so that a whole forest of these beautiful trees will grow up there. So the mermaid swam all around the world and met beautiful sea creatures and narwhals and sea dragons that were friendly and that made volcanoes that would pop islands out of the ocean. And she made her way all the way to a place that was a beautiful bay with golden hills around it. And she planted the seed there, and it grew very quickly into a very tall tree that looked a lot like a redwood tree. And the mermaid thought, wow, Ellie has to see this. It was her idea to bring this magical seed all the way over here. And now this tree will be the first tree in the forest that Ellie wanted to plant. And the mermaid went to tell Ellie about that redwood tree. But Ellie lived on a different continent from where the redwood tree was. The redwood tree was in the Americas, in an area that is now known as the San francisco bay area, but at that time didn't have a name. And when the mermaid went to tell ellie about it, ellie was so excited to see it. And she said, how do we get there? And the mermaid said, we just swim. And ellie said, well, what about when we get tired? The mermaid said, we'll sleep in the water, silly. And ellie said, I'm not a mermaid. I'm a little girl. I can't sleep in the water. And so the mermaid said, oh, no, what are we going to do? So then the mermaid went to talk to her friend, the unicorn, and the unicorn said, I have an idea. I can make a rainbow bridge that goes from asia, all that, which is where ellie was, all the way to the americas, and then it'll be over the water. So the mermaid can swim and sleep in the water, and ellie can walk across the rainbow bridge. But then ellie said, how far is it? And the unicorn said, it's going to be really far, so you'll have to be ready for a really big walk. And ellie said, oh, no, I don't think I can walk that far and get back in time to go to my school after the summer. And so then the unicorn said, oh, no, what are we going to do? And then ellie's friend jonah had an idea, because jonah had a rainbow sled that was a sled for the snow, but he and ellie figured out that they could put wheels on it and turn it into a summer sled, and then the unicorn could pull it. And unicorns are much faster than regular horses because they have unicorn power and because the horn on their head makes them very aerodynamic. So there's very little wind resistance when they're trying to go forward, and then they go forward very fast. They also have wings, which means that they don't have to just run slowly on the ground. They can start flying a little bit, and if the sled is connected to them, then they can pick the sled up just a little bit, not super far. So they still need a rainbow bridge, but they kind of fly a little bit above the rainbow bridge, and so it goes really fast. So ellie thought this was a good idea, so she told her parents that she was going to go for a slumber party at jonah's house, and then she and jonah made the sled with wheels, and they got into the sled. We're doing makeup. They got into the sled, and you can come if you want, bud. They got into the sled, and the unicorn showed them how to attach the sled to his rainbow tail. So they attached the sled to the rainbow tail with a special rope that was made out of sparkly gold, and that would make this beautiful kind of tinkling sound when the wind caught it. So the unicorn went to the beginning of the rainbow bridge. And he started going, and the wheels on the sled were going and going and going. And then as he got faster, the unicorn slowly lifted just a little bit off of the ground, and so did the sled. And then they were flying and flying through the air. And Ellie and Jonah were trying to talk to each other and laugh, but they couldn't even hear each other. Do you know why? Because the wind was rushing, like, right past their ears, just like in a car when you put down the window and it's so loud on your ears. So they were laughing, but they couldn't hear each other. And they were talking about how much fun they were having, but they couldn't hear each other. And then when they got to the end of the Rainbow Bridge, the unicorn realized that now they were in the Americas, but they were only by the top of Canada, and they needed to get all the way. All the way to the redwood forest that was in the San Francisco Bay Area in California because they wanted to see a big redwood tree that the mermaid had planted there. So they thought, what can we do? It doesn't make sense to build a bridge just over land. And so then Ellie said, what about a rainbow highway? And Jonah said, well, I think we could go faster if it was a rainbow freeway, because freeways are bigger and faster than highways. And the unicorn said, okay, and he made a rainbow freeway. And then they flew down the rainbow freeway in the rainbow sled tied to the rainbow tail of the magical unicorn, and they got all the way to the redwood tree. And do you know what? Why? Because it was a magical redwood tree, even though the unicorn just planted it a little bit before it was full, full grown, and it was bigger than all of the other redwood trees. Do you know how big it was? It was so big that they couldn't even see the top because it went into the clouds. So they thought, how are we going to get up there? And the unicorn said, I know. I'll make a rainbow ladder. So the unicorn made a rainbow ladder that went right up the tree. And Jonah and Ellie started climbing up the rainbow ladder. And whenever they got hungry, they could just lick the rainbow ladder, because you know what it was made of? Like candy cane, like rainbow candy cane material. So they were licking, and then they would keep walking. And then if they got thirsty, they would bite a little piece of cloud because clouds are wet. And they kept walking and climbing up into the sky until they got to the top of the tree where the branches were. And do you know where the top of the tree was? No. It was right on top of the clouds. And they loved it up there. And you know what? The the unicorn brought the mermaid up there. Do you know how she could be up there out of the water? Turns out mermaids can also swim through clouds, but they need the help of the unicorn to get up there. So the unicorn was swimming through the clouds, or the mermaid was swimming through the clouds and the unicorn was flying around. And Jonah and Ellie said, I wish we could go on the clouds. And then the unicorn, corn said, you can. Usually clouds can't hold persons, but if you're right on the top of it, the very top layer can. So they climbed right on top of the cloud. Yeah, the bottom is just kind of too much like mist. It's thinner on the bottom, but the top is like the consistency of cotton candy, and it also tastes like cotton candy. So it kind of feels like you're walking around or rolling around in snow, except if you want, you can take a bite of it. Well, they had such a good time up there, but then they got really tired and they thought, what are we going to do? It's too late for us to get all the way back home. And besides, Ellie is supposed to be spending the night at Jonah's house tonight, so her parents wouldn't be expecting her back. And then Jonah had a great idea. Do you know what it was? It was to build a little tree house up at the top of the redwood tree. So the unicorn went down and got some special planks and nails and stuff. And Ellie and Jonah sketched what they wanted, their special Breadwood tree. Treehouse and some drills. Yes. And screws. So they sketched out their plan, and then they worked together to build a tree house. And they were very careful with the tree, so they made it a special way that it would just rest on the branches and there wouldn't be any nails that went into the treehouse. And they slept up there that night after having a dinner of cotton candy, cloud and yummy candy cane, ladder rungs. And they had beautiful, beautiful dreams about rainbow ocean and about flying and about all yummy things. And then in the morning, they woke up so happy and really excited to tell everyone about their adventure. And the unicorn was there. And they said, thank you so much, unicorn, but we have to go back now because we're kids and our families will miss us. And they said to the mermaid, thank you so much for planting this beautiful tree and for sharing it with us. And then they went all the way down the tree and they saw that their sled had been taken. It was taken by some squirrels that wanted to play with it. So they had to track down the squirrels and say, can we have our sled back? But then one of the squirrels said, we've never had a sled like this, and it's so much fun. And Ellie and Jonah thought, maybe we should let them keep it. But how could we get back? And then Ellie said, I have an idea. I know how to ride horses. Maybe we can ride the unicorn. And they said, Unicorn, would it be okay if we rode on your back? And the unicorn said, OOH, I've never done that, but that sounds like a really fun idea. So Jonah and Ellie hopped onto the unicorn, and he said, hold on to my mane so you don't fall off when we fly. And then he started gently running and flapping his wings, and then it was kind of bumpy. But when he got up off the ground and started flying, it was actually really fun and really smooth. And they had a wonderful ride back. And when they told their parents where they had been, their parents smiled and nodded and said to each other, kids have such wild imaginations. And the parents never figured out that all of that had really, really happened. The end. Thanks for listening to Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Say your friends.