It's. Hi. Welcome to makeup stories. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. My name is Sarah. Tell your friends. Hi, my name is Sarah, and I live in Galway island, and I would like a story about a unicorn, a donor, and a princess. Thank you. You. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Sarah who lives in Galway, Ireland, and who turns six years old today on march 6. And so we want to say happy birthday, Sarah. Happy birthday, Sarah. And Sarah asked for us to make up a story that includes a unicorn, a doughnut, and a princess. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Sarah. Sarah was looking out the window, and when she looked outside, it looked like there was something falling down from the sky. It was hard to see what it was because it was far away, and there was a window in between, and the window was a little bit dirty. Sarah told her mom, mom, I think something's falling from outside, and it looks like it's falling from space. Sarah's mom told Sarah, let's go outside to check. And when Sarah went outside with her mom, she could see that far away on a hill that was covered in grass and had some sheep walking on it. There were some sprinkles that were falling down from outer space. Sarah told her mom that they really needed to go to the grassy hill with the sheep on it because it was a big, big mystery. Why were sprinkles falling from outer space? Might have happened may a cloud crashed into a meteor. And Sarah told her mom that maybe there was like, a meteor that was coming down, and it was kind of like a colorful meteor. And as it was falling through the sky, maybe the meteor crashed into a cloud and it made kind of a thunder noise, like a kaboom, and that's what caused sprinkles to come out of the meteor. Because most meteors in space aren't made of sprinkles. They're made of, like, metal and different types of rocks or actually just metal. But Sarah saw that. She read this in a book that sometimes there could be different kinds of asteroids and meteors, and some of them are kind of colorful, and this could have been one of those kinds of colorful asteroids. And actually it was a meteor, and the meteor was falling down, and it crashed into a cloud, and the sprinkles started to fall. Well, Sarah's mom told Sarah they were going to need to go in a car ride to drive to the grassy hill far away. So Sarah went in her car seat, and she was able to buckle herself in all by herself. Not a lot of kids can do that, only some kids. And Sarah's mom checked and said that Sarah did a good job strapping in the seatbelt. And then Sarah and her mom went driving down the road all the way to the grassy hill. When they got to the grassy hill, they parked their car right on the side. And Sarah and her mom got out of the car, and they started to hike up the hill, and they saw that there were sheep. And one of the sheep came right up to Sarah, and the sheep told Sarah, sarah, guess what happened. I was just here eating the grass, being a sheep, and then while I was doing that sprinkles, big sprinkles came from outer space. And Sarah said, Can I see them? And the sheep led Sarah and her mom up the hill to the biggest pile of sprinkles in Ireland. Were they sprinkles as, like, the food sprinkles, or more like the glitter kind? It's food sprinkles, bud. There were a lot of food sprinkles. And then Sarah said, where? Out of town. No, really. And Sarah then said, mom, where? She started looking up, and she said, mom, where could this be coming from? And Sarah's mom looked up, but she didn't see anything. And then when Sarah looked up, she saw it wasn't from a meteor, it was from the moon, because the moon turned into a doughnut. Yeah. And there were sprinkles on the moon because it was a doughnut moon. And Sarah asked the sheep how the moon could have turned into a doughnut, because usually the moon just looks kind of white and in the sky, and it's not a doughnut. And the sheep told Sarah that at the bottom of the hill, there was a unicorn that was sad, and the unicorn that was sad knew why sprinkles were coming down. So Sarah and the sheep and Sarah's mom went down the hill, and Sarah was stepping in a little bit of mud as she walked, because it had rained the day before. And when Sarah got to the bottom of the hill, she saw that there was a unicorn. And the unicorn was surrounded by so many roly polies, and there were a lot of colorful roly pollies. And the unicorn was crying. And the sheep said, It's okay, unicorn. And the unicorn and the unicorn told Sarah, sarah, I'm sad because I didn't want to be a unicorn. I wanted to be a princess. And Sarah said, but unicorns are fun. And the unicorn said, Well, I want to have a crown. And Sarah said, well, can't unicorns just make crowns all by themselves? But the unicorn said that that was against the rules. And the unicorn also said that it got in trouble with its mama unicorn. And Sarah said, what happened with your mama unicorn? Why did you get in trouble? And the unicorn that was sad told Sarah that he had turned the moon into a doughnut. And Sarah asked the unicorn, unicorn, why did you turn the moon into a doughnut? And the unicorn said that he wanted all of the robots that live in outer space to have something yummy to eat. So if there was a robot that was in outer space, let's say, next to the moon, all it had to do would be to take a bite of the doughnut. I thought robots don't really need anything. Well, robots need some energy. And one way for robots to get energy is from electricity. Right? They can get energy from electricity. But another way, there's a kind of alien robot that likes to eat candy. That's the kind of robot that lives in outer space, the candy kind. The regular robots on Earth, those you just put batteries in, or you could plug them into the wall and charge them up. But not in outer space. In outer space, the robots like to eat candy. So Sarah said, but that sounds like a good thing. If you turned the moon into a doughnut, then all of the robots in outer space could eat some of the moon. Well, they just eat the moon, and there will be no moon. Yes. And then the unicorn said that her mama was angry or not angry, but her mama was disappointed. Her mama was disappointed because her mama was sad that if the unicorn turned the moon into a doughnut, then all of the robots in outer space would eat it up, and then there would be no more moon for people. And Sarah told the unicorn that it was okay. And just as Sarah said that, the unicorn's mama, who was wearing a crown, came up to Sarah and said, sarah, I see that you came to our magic hill. Do you know how the sprinkles got here? And Sarah said she thought maybe it was a meteor or the moon. And the unicorn's mom said that the sprinkles really fell off the moon and that she needed Sarah's help turning the moon back into a regular moon and not a doughnut. And Sarah had an idea. She told the little unicorn that was sad, she could help the unicorn turn the doughnut in the sky back into the moon, but there was only one way to do it. And the unicorn that threw a walk at it, so it turned back. Rocky. No. The unicorn that was sad said, maybe I should throw a rock at it, and then it turns back. Rocky. And Sarah said, no, I have a good idea. And Sarah said, Follow me up the hill. And the sheep and the unicorn and Sarah's mom went up the hill, and when they got to the top of the hill, sarah showed the unicorn the pile of sprinkles. And Sarah said, unicorn, maybe if you just take a bite of the sprinkles, then the moon will turn back into a regular moon and not a doughnut moon, because the sprinkles came from the moon, and the unicorn was happy. I think it was just one bigger. The unicorn said, that sounds like a good idea. And the unicorn took a bite of the sprinkles, but what happened was the moon just turned into a bigger doughnut. And then the unicorn's mama said, unicorn, maybe if we all together go and climb up the pile of sprinkles, then it will work. And the unicorn and the unicorn's mom and Sarah and her mom climbed up to the top of the pile of sprinkles, and they all started to sing. And as they started to sing, the little unicorn became a princess. And she learned that she really could turn into a princess and back into a unicorn whenever she wanted. And they looked up and the moon turned back into a regular moon. And they looked down and the pile of sprinkles went away. And Era was so amazed. And the unicorn's mom told the unicorn she was so proud of her. And Sarah's mom said it was getting late, so they went back in the car and drove home. And they all lived happily ever after. The end. Get the latter into makeup. TOWIE tell all your friends. Thank you.