Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Arzan. Arzan was looking outside through his window in his house. While he was looking outside, he saw monkeys in parachutes falling down from the sky. There were so many monkeys coming down and landing on the ground around him. The monkeys got off their parachutes and started to run around the streets, jumping on trees, climbing up onto the roofs of houses and buildings. Some monkeys even put their parachutes in front of houses and rode bicycles. Monkeys were everywhere!

Arzan told his parents that they needed to get all the monkeys back to the zoo because he thought maybe the monkeys escaped from the zoo, went to a parachute factory, and got all the parachutes. Then, they might have gone on an airplane to the sky and jumped out. So Arzan told his parents they needed lots of bananas to make a trail from his house all the way to the zoo. The monkeys would see the bananas, think "That's a yummy banana," eat them, and follow the trail to the zoo.

Arzan started buying all the bananas in the world. He told everyone in New York City to help make a trail of bananas that went to the zoo. Everyone in the city started helping Arzan make a trail through the streets, all the way to the Bronx Zoo where the monkeys had escaped from. Soon, there were monkeys all over the streets. Arzan saw that he needed help because the monkeys weren't going to eat the bananas all by themselves. The monkeys were making a mess, leaving banana peels on the street without throwing them away.

Arzan decided they needed a magical train. This magic train didn't go on regular tracks like other trains. Instead, it started with cars attaching their bumpers to each other, making a long line of cars, bumper to bumper. Arzan told the cars to use special strong Elmer's glue to stick together. Then, he told all the car owners to take off their wheels and put train wheels on their cars. All the cars in New York City had train wheels. Arzan told the train conductor to let the monkeys ride the train on the streets, on top of the bananas. This way, the monkeys could have a fun train ride all the way to the zoo while having a snowball fight because it was snowing.

But the snowball fight the monkeys were having wasn't with regular snowballs. The snowballs were made of water, but still in the shape of a snowball. They could throw the water balls at each other, and the monkeys would get all wet. There was also a monkey making a waterman, which is like a snowman but made out of water. It could hold its shape because it was magic. The waterman had a smiley face and eyes, looking just like a snowman. All the monkeys thought Arzan's waterman was silly. They tried to eat the waterman's carrot nose, but when they did, a different snowball came out of the waterman's mouth, turning into water and hitting the monkeys.

It was becoming a big mess in New York City because there was a train of cars attached with Elmer's glue going over so many bananas on their way to the Bronx Zoo. Arzan told everyone to listen because he had a new idea. He would make a zip line from a skyscraper all the way to the Bronx Zoo. The monkeys could climb up the skyscraper and go on the zip line to the zoo. Kids and monkeys both like zip lines, especially since monkeys are used to hanging from trees.

All the monkeys decided to leave the magic car train and go up the building. Some of them started going on the zip line to the zoo. But after many monkeys went on the zip line, they saw the zoo was full and there were still more monkeys. That's when Arzan realized the monkeys needed a magic bus that went on train tracks. The train would take them to a jungle where they got more monkeys. Arzan realized not all the monkeys could have come from the Bronx Zoo because they didn't all fit back. Some must have taken a secret train that goes on the road but is hard to see because it has an invisibility blanket. Only kids could see it if they used one eye and said a special word.

Arzan was lucky to find the invisible train because that's where the monkeys were coming from. He told the conductor to pick up all the bananas and banana peels on the street and send them back to the jungle the monkeys came from. The monkeys would want to go back to their jungle home because there would be so many bananas there. Finally, it worked. Many monkeys went on the invisible train back to the jungle, while the ones that stayed in the Bronx Zoo promised to be good monkeys and not try to escape.

One monkey still had some magic water from the waterman and used it to make a magic water monkey. The water monkey turned into a real monkey and started making a flood. The monkey thanked Arzan, who asked why. The monkey said it was because Arzan helped all the other monkeys find their homes, and being a water monkey was very magical. Arzan went back home, and he and his family lived happily ever after. The end.