Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Murphy. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Hello. My name is Arzan. I'm about to turn six years old and I live in New York City. I would like a story about a mad bus that goes on a rail track, a magic train that goes on road, and a tree that always has snow on it. Thank you. Thank you. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a boy named Arzon who lives in New York City and who turns six tomorrow on January 22. And so we want to say happy birthday, Arzan. And Arzan asked for us to make up a story that includes a magic bus, a magic train, and a tree that always has snow on it. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Arzan. Arzan was looking outside through his window in his house. And while Arzan was looking outside, he saw that there were monkeys in parachutes falling down from the sky. And there were so many monkeys coming down from the sky and they were all starting to land in the ground around him. And then the monkeys got off of their parachutes and started to run around the streets and they started to jump on a lot of trees and even to climb up onto the roofs of houses and also on buildings. There were some monkeys that put their parachutes in front of houses and that would go ride bicycles. Monkeys were everywhere. Arzan told his parents that it was important that they tried to get all of the monkeys to go back to the zoo because Arzan thought that maybe the monkeys got out of the zoo and then they went to a parachute factory and they got all the parachutes. And then maybe they went in an airplane to go to the sky and then maybe they jumped out. So Arzan told his parents that they needed to get so many bananas and they would leave a banana trail from Arzan's house all the way to the zoo. And then the monkeys would go back to the zoo because the monkeys would see the bananas and the monkeys would think, that's a yummy banana. And they would eat up all of the bananas and it would be a long line of bananas until they got to the zoo. Well, Arzon started to buy all the bananas in the whole world. And he told everyone in New York City that they needed to help make a trail of bananas that went to the zoo. And everyone in the whole New York City started to help Arzan make a trail through the streets of New York City all the way to the Bronx Zoo where the monkeys escaped from. Soon there were monkeys all over the streets. And Arzan saw that if he needed to get the monkeys to eat all of the bananas on the streets and go to the zoo, he needed some help because they were not going to eat the bananas all by themselves. And the monkeys were making a mess because they left the banana peels on the street and they didn't even throw them out. So Arzan said they needed to get a magical train. The way the magic train worked is it didn't go on ChuChu tracks like other trains. The way the magic train worked is it started with some cars and the cars attached their bumpers to each other and they had a long line of cars all bumper to bumper. And then Arzan told the cars that they had to use special strong Elmer's glue to glue the cars together. And then he told all of the car owners that they needed to take off their wheels and they needed to put like ChuChu train kind of wheels on the cars. And all of the cars in New York City had ChuChu train wheels. And then Arzan told the ChuChu train conductor for all the cars in New York City that he should tell the monkeys they could all go in the monkey car ChuChu train and it would go on the streets on top of the bananas. And this way the monkeys could get a fun car ChuChu train ride all the way to the zoo while the monkeys were saying and they were having a kind of snowball fight because it was snowing. But the snowball fight that the monkeys were having, they weren't throwing like regular snowballs. The snowballs were made of water, but it was still in the shape of a snowball and they could throw the water balls at each other and the monkeys would get all wet with the waterballs. And there is also a monkey who is making a waterman. A waterman is like a snowman, but you make it out of water and it could hold its water shape because it's magic. And you can put a smiley face on a waterman and you could put eyes on a waterman and it looks just like a snowman, but it's made out of water. And all of the monkeys thought that Arzen's waterman was so silly. So all of the monkeys tried to eat the waterman's carrot nosy. But that was not a good idea because whenever a monkey tried to eat the carrot nosy of the waterman, a different snowball came out of the waterman's mouth and some of the snowballs would turn into water and hit the monkeys. Well, it was starting to be a big mess in New York City because there was a ChuChu train of cars that were attached to each other with Elmer's glue that was going over so many bananas on their way to the Bronx Zoo where the monkeys escaped from. And so Arzan told everyone they had to listen because he had a new idea. Arzan said that his new idea is he was going to make a zip line and the zip line would be on top of the streets from one skyscraper all the way to the Bronx Zoo. And then the monkeys could climb up to the top of the skyscraper and the monkeys could go on a zip line to go to the zoo. And kids like going on zip lines, but monkeys also especially like going on zip lines. Everybody used to hanging off shoots from trees. Yeah, because monkeys are used to hanging off things from trees. And so all of the monkeys decided that they were going to leave the magic car train and they would go up the building and some of them started to go on the zip line to the zoo. But after a lot of monkeys started to go in the zip line to the zoo, they saw that the zoo was full and there were still more monkeys. And so that is when Arzon realized that the monkeys would need to take a magic bus which went on a train track. And the train would they didn't realize it, but some they went to a jungle and got a lot more monkeys. Yes. And Arzon realized that there were since not all of the monkeys could have come from the Bronx Zoo because not all the monkeys fit back. Some of the monkeys must have taken a secret train that goes on the road but is hard to see because it has an invisibility blanket on it, which makes it so that grown ups can't see it. And kids could only see it if they use one eye. And while they open the other eye, they say, then if kids do that, then you can see the invisible train that has monkeys because it was on that train that the monkeys from the Bronx Zoo went all the way to the jungle to get their friends and to come back. Well, Arzan was really lucky that he found the invisible train that went through streets because that's really where the monkeys were coming from. So Arzon told the conductor of the train that what he should do is pick up all the bananas and all the banana peels that were on the street and he should send all the bananas back to the jungle that the monkeys came from. And then the monkeys would want to go back to their jungle house because that's where there would be so many bananas. And finally it worked. A lot of the monkeys started going in the invisible ChuChu train that went in the street and they went all the way back to the jungle that they came from because there were so many bananas there. And the monkeys that stayed in the Bronx Zoo decided that they would be good monkeys and they wouldn't try to escape. But one of the monkeys still had some of the water from the waterman, which looked like a snowman. And that monkey decided he would use the magic water to make a magic water monkey. And that water monkey, which he made in the zoo turned into a real monkey. And that monkey became yeah. And it started to make a flood. And that monkey told Arzan, thank you. And Arzan said, Why did you say thank you to me? And the monkey said, because you helped all the other monkeys find their houses. And being a water monkey is very magical. And Arzan went back home and Arzan and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson two up because they like it.