Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime rumpus. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a seven year old boy whose name is Kaden. And Kaden asked for us to make up a story that includes a robot, a fish with arms and legs, and a magical kitty cat. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Kaden. Kaden was a little bit bored in his house because there was nothing to play with. And so Kaden told his grandma, grandma, there is no toys and nothing to do in the house. And his grandma said, well, what about the toy fire truck? And Kaden said, Well, I'm just too bored to play with that right now. And his grandma said, well, how about we go in the pool and we go swimming? And Kaden said that that was a good idea. So Kaden and his grandma drove all the way to the pool. And Kaden decided to bring some special snacks to the pool. And one of the snacks that Kaden decided to bring was cookies. When he got to the pool, Kaden and his grandma were ready to go swimming. But do you know what they saw in the pool? There were fish. Usually there's fish in lakes. There could be fish in the ocean, there could be fish in rivers, but not in swimming pools. However, this swimming pool was full of special kinds of fish. The fish in this swimming pool had legs, and they also had arms. They were such silly fish. And Kaden's grandma said, kaden, are you sure you still want to swim in this pool even though there's fish with arms and legs there? And Kaden said, yeah, how about you come into the pool with me, grandma? And Kaden's grandma said okay. And they decided. And Kaden asked his grandma, grandma, are you sure you could go because you're old? What if you sink in the water? And Kaden's grandma said, oh, I have an idea. I'll bring a floatie with me. And Kaden's grandma brought a floatie in the water, and Caden and his grandma started floating in the water, when suddenly one of the fish who is on bottom of the pool swam right up to Caden and his grandma and started to climb up his legs. Usually fish can't climb up legs because they have no hands and feet. But this was a Mexican walking fish, a kind of fish that does have hands and feet. Did he say hello? Yes. And the fish walked right up Kaden's legs and he went on the floaty thing. And the fish said, I always wanted to go on a floaty thing because I always have to swim all by myself and I just wanted to relax on a floaty. And Kaden asked his grandma if it was okay if the fish joined. And his grandma said, okay. And so the fish went on the floaty thing and the wind started to blow them until they got to the edge of the pool. And when they got to the edge of the pool, the fish said, can I hop out of the pool and start walking on the ground? And Kaden asked his grandma, is that a good idea? Because I thought fish could only breathe in the water. And Kaden's grandma said, well, maybe this is a magical fish. And so Caden told the fish it's okay. And the fish used its arms and its legs to climb out of the pool and to start walking on the ground. The fish told Kaden he was so hungry and wanted to eat something yummy. And he looked right at Kaden's snacks and he saw that there were cookies. And he told Kaden that he wanted to share some of his cookies with him. And Kaden said that that was okay. And so Kaden and the Mexican walking fish started to bite some of their cookies. As they were eating the cookies, they saw that there was a robot coming and the robot was going bump, bump, beep, bump. And Kaden wanted to know if the robot was going to take the snacks away from them. And the fish said, oh, don't worry, Kaden. That robot's my friend. This robot is going to bring a special treat with us. For us. And Kaden said, oh, what's the special treat going to be? And the robot came up and walked right up to where they were next to the pool and said, I am a robot. I have a special thing inside my robot belly button. Do you want to press the button? And the fish told Kaden he should press the button on the robot's belly button, and then the belly button would open up and he would see what's inside the robot. And Kaden said, okay. And he pressed the green button in the robot's belly button. And the robot said, my belly is opening up. Now you're going to see something inside. And there were doors that opened up in the robot's belly and inside. Do you know what Kaden found? What? A kitty cat. But this kitty cat didn't look like a regular kitty cat because it had flippers and it looked like it could swim underwater. Was it a tiger that had flippers? And it was kind of like a mermaid cat. And inside the robot, the mermaid cat jumped out. And after it jumped out, it went right to the cookies. And the mermaid kitty cat started eating all of the cookies. And then it took the cookies away and jumped in the pool. And the mermaid kitty cat jumped and swam to the bottom of the pool. And Kaden said, hey, I didn't know a kitty cat could eat cookies and go to the bottom of the pool. Let's catch him. And so the Mexican walking fish, who had arms and legs, said, okay. And Kaden and the fish went down in the pool and they told the grandma to wait on the floaty. And Kaden swam underwater and he was able to hold his breath and he saw something really special under the water. There were so many kitty cats, and all of the kitty cats under the water had kind of like mermaid flippers in the back, and they were all able to swim. And there were so many the whole bottom of the pool was full of kitty treats. And there was also turkey on the bottom of the pool, which the kitties were eating. And there were holes in the bottom of the pool that looked like maybe where mice lived or something. And Kaden had no idea that under the water there could be kitty cats and mice and walking fish and so on. So he swam back up to the surface of the water and told his grandma, grandma, guess what? Under the water, there's a lot of kitty cats, not just the one that came out of the robot. And his grandma said, I have to see. And his grandma was able to dive under the water and she saw the kitty cats, and she said, okay, how about this deal? We will try to catch one of the kitty cats and take it home and have it live in the bathtub. Yeah, we're going to try to catch one of the kitty cats and we're going to try to catch one of the mice that lives under the water. And we're also going to ask the robot to come home with us. And we're going to ask the walking fish to come home with us. And so Kaden decided he would tell the kitty cats that if he came home with them that he would take good care of them. And they said, well, where could we even stay? And Kaden remembered that sometimes you could put the drain closed in the kitchen sink. And he said, well, you could just live in the kitchen sink. And guess what else is in the kitchen? Not just cookies, but pretzels and candy. And we could just share all that. And then all my friends would come over to my house and they would see that you're such a special kitty and I could pet you whenever you want. They could also get a wavelo kitty that doesn't like water. Yeah. And Cadence said they could also get a regular kitty that didn't like water to be their friend. And the magical kitty cat said, okay. And Kaden's grandma drove Kaden home and they had a special bathtub and a special sink where the kitty lived and the walking fish and the robot followed them home in the car and walked up the stairs by itself and lived with Kaden. And Kaden took such good care of his new pets, and all of Kaden's friends were so jealous and really wanted to come over to see them. And Kaden and his grandma lived happily ever after her. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.