Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Tara. Tara lived on a farm with a little pond, and in the pond, there were some fishies. Tara always loved to splash in the puddles on the pond because it was so much fun. And sometimes it rained on the farm. There were chickens, roosters, piggies, horses that said neigh, and cows that said moo. But one of the most special things was that there was a bus that kids could drive in. It was a real bus with a real engine, a real steering wheel, real bus doors, and animals were allowed to go on it. Tara, who was four years old, had the job of driving the bus on the farm because it wasn't safe to drive in the streets. She gave the animals rides to different parts of the farm.

One time, she was giving a ride to her doggie named Digabaloo. Digabaloo the doggie was riding in the bus when suddenly there was a thunderstorm, and there was a kaboom in the sky, and it started raining so much. The bus that Tara was driving got stuck in the mud. One of the wheels was in a big pile of mud, and it couldn't get out, and the bus couldn't move. Tara pressed the pedal to make the bus go again, but it was still stuck, and the wheel just turned around and around. So she decided to try super might speed fast, and she pressed on the pedal again, her hardest, while holding the steering wheel tight. The bus made a sound like a race car. The wheel spun so fast, but it just made mud come up from behind the wheels, and it couldn't go.

Tara said they really needed a special engine to make the bus go super fast like a rocket ship, and then it would definitely get out of the mud. Then the doggie could go to the other side of the farm, but she didn't know where to get a rocket engine. So Tara opened the door to the bus, and she stepped out and told the doggie that he could go out. When the doggie went out, there was a piggy at the bottom, and the doggie went on top of the piggy, and it almost fell down because doggies aren't supposed to go on piggies. When it regained its balance, the doggie's face was full of mud because it still got its face dirty. The piggy said, "oink, oink," and tried to lick the mud off the doggie's face.

Just as the pig was trying to lick the mud off the doggie's face, another pig came and tried to go on the bus. Tara had to say, "No going on the bus now, animals, because the bus is stuck." Tara got on her boots because she had big boots, and she put her boot on one foot, and she asked her mama, who was standing nearby, "Is this the right foot?" Her mama said that it was. Tara put her other boot on her other foot, and she got down from the bus and started clip-clopping, tramping through the mud until she got to the cows.

When she got to the cows, she decided to bend down and pick up some grass. She got some grass in her hand and opened up her hand, and one of the cows licked up all the grass and started to chew it. When cows chew grass, they don't just swallow it right away. First, they go chew, chew, chew, munch, munch, munch. And then only after they chew it a lot, do they swallow it down their throat. While the cow was chewing on the grass, Tara looked inside the cow's mouth, and do you know what she found? A froggy. She was like, "How did a froggy get in the cow's mouth?" The cow could talk and said that the froggy was its friend, and it never bit it. Sometimes it just swallowed the froggy in its tummy. And then the froggy would come out. The cow said it would help get the bus unstuck. It would help push the bus out of the mud. The cow went over, but it wasn't strong enough.

Then Tara's mama asked Tara if they should call a tow truck. Tara said, "That is a good idea." So Tara used her mama's phone and pressed some buttons, and she said, "Hello, is this the tow truck company?" The tow truck company said, "Hello, this is the balloon tow truck company." Tara said, "I didn't know there was a balloon tow truck company." The tow truck company said, "Yeah, this is the balloon tow truck company. We help tow cars with balloons. Do you have a car that's stuck?" Tara said, "It's a bus on a farm, and animals like to go in it, and it's stuck in the mud." The tow truck company said, "Oh, we're sorry that your school bus is stuck in the mud on the farm with so many animals. We can come with a balloon tow truck to help." Tara said that was a good idea.

So she hung up the phone, and soon enough, she heard a ding-dong on her doorbell at the entrance of the farm. She opened up the gate to the farm, and by the door, she saw a man with a tractor. The man with the tractor was really silly because he used to carry a monkey on his shoulders. When the monkey saw the farm, it was so happy and tried to jump off the tow truck driver's shoulders and jump on the branches. It was looking everywhere for a banana, but it couldn't find one. The monkey did find a banana peel under the wheel of the bus that was stuck in the mud. Maybe one of the reasons the bus was so stuck was because there was a banana peel under the wheel, and that is slippery. The monkey took the banana peel out of the wheel.

Everyone was curious about how it was a balloon tow truck because so far it looked regular. Tara asked the tow truck driver how come it was a balloon tow truck. The tow truck driver, who had the monkey on his shoulder, said, "Let me show you." He opened up his tow truck, and when he opened it up, there were so many balloons inside, it was just full of balloons. There were balloons of every color. He said they were going to fix the bus by ballooning it out. They got so many balloons and tied them all over the bus that was stuck in the mud.

The tow truck driver put so many balloons that the bus started floating up. A regular amount of balloons would not be strong enough to pick up a bus. A regular amount of balloons could pick up a little thing, like a box. But to pick up a bus, you need some really colorful, really big, really strong balloons. Because it's fun. If it's colorful, it's good. It doesn't really need to be, but it's fun. The tow truck driver put the balloons on, attached a rope to the bus to make sure it didn't go away, and used the balloon way to tow the school bus out of the mud.

Tara's parents were so proud of her, and she could start driving cars and buses again on the farm. After the tow truck driver got the bus out of the mud, there was a kitty cat waiting to go on the bus. This kitty cat's name was King Loveypaws. King Loveypaws was a gray kitty cat who had little dots on him and could jump the highest in the world. The monkey thought it was such a good jumper and jumped onto a tree. But the kitty cat, the best kitty cat at jumping in the whole world, jumped even higher than the monkey. It saw a bird on the tree and wanted to be friends with the bird, so it meowed at the bird. The bird was scared, so it went away and flew into the bus. Tara told the bird that it was okay and it was safe there.

Then the kitty cat got a ride on the bus, and the monkey did too. Tara had so much fun driving them around, and the bird also got a ride on the bus. They all lived happily ever after, and they got along. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to the story because they like it.