Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Tara. Tara lived on a farm that had a little pond, and in the pond, there were some fishies. Tara always loved to splash in the puddles on the pond because it was so much fun. And sometimes it rained on the farm. There were chickens, there were roosters, there were piggies, there were horses that said nay. There were cows that said moo. But one of the most special things was that there was a bus that kids could drive in. It was a real bus and had a real engine, and it had a real steering wheel, and it had real bus doors, and animals were allowed to go on it. And Tara, the four-year-old's job, was to drive the bus on the farm because it wasn't safe to drive in the streets and to give the animals rides to different parts of the farm.

One time, she was giving a ride to her doggie named Digabaloo, and Digabaloo the doggie was riding in the bus when suddenly there was a thunderstorm, and there was a kaboom in the sky, and it started raining so much. And the bus that Tara was driving got stuck in the muck. One of the wheels was in a big pile of mud, and it couldn't get out, and the bus couldn't move. Couldn't move. And Tara pressed the pedal to make the bus go again, but it was still stuck, and the wheel just turned around and around, and so she decided to try it. Super might speed fast, and she pressed on the pedal again, her hardest, while holding the steering wheel tight. And the bus made a sound like a race car. And the wheel spun so fast, but it just made mud come up from behind the wheels, but it couldn't go.

And then Tara said, we really need a special engine to make the bus go. So speed fast like a rocket ship, and then it will definitely get out of the mud. And then the doggie could go to the other side of the farm, but she didn't know where to get any rocket engine. And so Tara opened up the door to the bus, and she stepped out and told the doggie that the doggie could go out. And when the doggie went out, there was a piggy at the bottom, and the doggie went on top of the piggy, and it almost fell down because doggies aren't supposed to go on piggies. And it almost fell down. And when it regained its balance, do you know what happened? The doggie's face was full of mud because it still got its face dirty. And the piggy was like, oink, oink. And it was trying to lick the mud off of the doggie's face.

And just as the pig was trying to lick the mud off of the doggie's face, another pig came and tried to go on the bus. And Tara had to say, no going on the bus now, animals, because the bus is stuck. And Tara got on her boots because she had big boots, and she put her boot on one foot, she put her boot on one foot, and she asked her mama, who was standing nearby, is this the right foot? And her mama said that it was. And then Tara put her other boot on her other foot, and she got down from the bus and started clip, clapping, tramping through the mud until she got to the cows.

When she got to the cows, she decided to bend down and pick up some grass. She got some grass in her hand and opened up her hand, and one of the cows licked up all the grass and started to chew it. When cows chew grass, they don't just swallow it right away. First, they go chew, chew, chew, munch, munch, munch. And then only after they chew it a lot, do they swallow it down their throat. While the cow was chewing on the grass, Tara looked inside the cow's mouth, and do you know what she found? A froggy. And she was like, how did a froggy get in the cow's mouth? And the cow was able to talk, and the cow said that that froggy was its friend, and it never bit it. Sometimes it just swallowed the froggy in its tummy. And then the froggy would come out. And so the cow said he would come help get the bus not stuck. It would help get push the bus out of the muck. And so the cow went over. I don't know. The cow had come over, and the cow tried to push the bus out of the muck because cows are really strong, but the cow was not strong enough.

Then Tara's mama asked Tara if they should call a tow truck. And Tara said, that is a good idea. So Tara used her mama's phone and pressed some buttons, and she said, hello, is this the tow truck company? And the tow truck company said, hello, this is the balloon tow truck company. And Tara said, I didn't know there was a balloon tow truck company. And the tow truck company said, yeah, this is the balloon tow truck company. We help tow cars with balloons. Do you have a car that's stuck? And Tara said, it's a bus on a farm, and animals like to go it, and it's stuck in the muck. And the tow truck company said, oh, we're sorry that your school bus is stuck in the muck in the farm with so many animals, we can come with a balloon tow truck to help. And Tara said, that that was a good idea.

So she hung up the phone, and soon enough, she heard a ding dong on her doorbell to the entrance of the farm. And she opened up the gate to the farm. And then by the door, she saw there was a man with a tractor. The man with a tractor was really silly because he used to carry a monkey on his shoulders. And when the monkey saw the farm, the monkey was so happy and tried to jump off the tow truck driver's shoulders and jump on the branches. And it was looking everywhere for a banana, but it couldn't find a banana. And so the monkey but did it find a banana waffle? Yes, but the monkey did find some banana peel. And do you know where it found it? It found it under the wheel of the bus that was stuck in the muck. And maybe one of the reasons that the bus was so stuck is because there was a banana peel under the wheel, and that is slippy. And so the monkey took the banana peel out of the wheel.

And then everyone was curious about how it was a balloon tow truck, because so far it looked regular. So Tara asked the tow truck driver how come it was a balloon tow truck? And the tow truck driver, who had the monkey on his shoulder said, let me show you. And the tow truck driver opened up his tow truck, and when he opened it up, there were so many balloons inside, it was just full of balloons. There were balloons except his seat where he could drive. There were balloons of every color. And he said, the way we're going to fix the bus yeah, they're going to balloon it out. So they got so many balloons, and they tied it all over to the bus that was stuck in the muck.

And the tow truck driver put so many balloons that the bus started floating uppie. How did they make sure? Now, a regular amount of balloons would not be strong enough to pick up a bus. A regular amount of balloons could pick up like a little thing. Like a box? Yeah, like maybe a little box. But to pick up a box, a bus, you need some really colorful, really big, really strong balloons. Because it's fun. If it's colorful, it's good. It doesn't really need to be, but it's fun. And so the pickup driver put the balloons on. He attached a rope to the bus to make sure that it didn't go away. And do you know what happened? The pickup truck floated. He made sure it was made of steel. And there was even a titanium cable that's this kind of strong metal that attached it. And the pickup driver used the balloon way to tow the school bus out of the muck.

And Tara's parents were so proud of her so that Tara could start driving cars and buses again. On the farm. And after the tow truck driver got the bus out of the muck, there was a kitty cat who was waiting to go on the bus. And this kitty cat's name was King Loveypaws. And King Loveypaws was a gray kitty cat who had little dots on him and was able to jump the highest in the world. The monkey thought he was such a good jumper, and the monkey jumped onto a tree. But the kitty cat this was the best kitty cat at jumping in the whole world, jumped even higher than a monkey. And it saw a bird on the tree, and it wanted to be friends with the bird, so it meowed at the bird. But the bird was scared, so it went away, and the bird flew into the bus, and Tara told the bird that it was okay and it was safe there.

And then the kitty cat got a ride on the bus, and the monkey did. And Tara had so much fun driving them around, and the bird did also get a ride on the bus. And they all lived happily ever after. Yeah. And they got along. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.