Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Julian. Julian was walking with his dad next to a little river. In the river, he could see water flowing over rocks and rushing down. But on the side of the river, there was a lot of mud. And in the mud, there was something that looked like a crocodile. Julian was pretty surprised because he didn't know that crocodiles lived in this river. But there it was.

This crocodile didn't look like a regular crocodile because it had long legs. It could also stand up a little bit and looked more like a dinosaur. The crocodile got out of the river and started walking towards Julian and his dad. Julian's dad said, "Be careful, Julian." Just as he said that, the crocodile opened its mouth and started to talk. It was a talking crocodile, the first one that anybody had ever seen. Crocodiles don't meow, bark, woof, moo, or roar. They're usually just pretty quiet. But this one looked different since it could stand up and looked more like a dinosaur.

The crocodile came up to Julian and his dad and said, "I'm not going to hurt you. I just need to tell you something." Julian and his dad said it was okay and asked, "What do you want to tell us?" The crocodile told Julian that he was not a regular crocodile after all, but that he lived when the dinosaurs used to be alive. He was part dinosaur and part crocodile. He said that there was a big dinosaur war happening and they needed some people to come help.

Julian and his dad asked, "Well, how could we even go there?" The crocodile with dinosaur legs said, "Come on a ride." Julian and his dad went on the crocodile-dinosaur's back. The crocodile-dinosaur started crawling back towards the river. But as he got close to the river, Julian saw a secret tunnel. The crocodile carried Julian and his dad through the secret tunnel next to the river, which went back in time all the way to when dinosaurs ruled the Earth.

When they got out of the tunnel, Julian and his dad opened their eyes and saw that it was really hot outside. The sun was a bit brighter than usual, and there wasn't much grass. The river was all dry. In fact, when they went back in time, Julian and his dad and the crocodile with dinosaur legs landed in a desert. The crocodile told Julian and his dad that when the dinosaurs were alive, the Earth used to be a little bit hotter. Julian asked, "What about the North Pole and South Pole? They're probably still cold." But the crocodile that looked like a dinosaur said that the North Pole and South Pole had no snow on them when dinosaurs were alive.

Just as the crocodile said that, Julian could see a bunch of dinosaurs flying in the sky. When they got to the other side of the tunnel near the river, they really were back in time, and there really were dinosaurs. The dinosaurs were flying so quickly, and it looked like they were having a race to get somewhere. Julian and his dad said they wanted to join the race. They hopped onto the crocodile with dinosaur legs, and they all started running on the ground with Julian, his dad, the crocodile-dinosaur, and all the other dinosaurs like raptors and T-Rexes.

When they got to a big sand dune, they found a sled on top and decided to sled down the sand dune because it worked just like snow, only it went a little bit slower, so it wasn't scary. Julian, his dad, and the crocodile that looked like a dinosaur went for a sled ride down the big sand dune. They were running as fast as they could off the sled, and the dinosaurs around them were also running. In the air, they could see green slime falling down.

Julian asked, "Why is there slime falling down?" The crocodile that looked like a dinosaur said there was a great dinosaur war, and dinosaurs didn't have guns and knives, so they used to fight each other with slime. Some dinosaurs would get a lot of slime, like a big pile, and throw it at the other dinosaurs. Then the other dinosaurs would get so sticky. The other dinosaurs would say, "Hey, that's not fair," and they would get their own slime and throw it back. All the dinosaurs in the world were having a big slime fight, and all of them were so dirty.

That's why Julian, his dad, and their crocodile with dinosaur legs and all the other raptors were running away because they didn't want the green slime to get on them. Julian and his dad were able to get away, and they lived happily ever after. The end.