Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Mika, and Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends names. Judy. And that's I'm five years old, and I'm five year old. And I'm five years old. I live in Decatur, Georgia. And I live in Decatur, Georgia. And I like the story about raptors, dominus Rex, and a police person and a police car. Say thank you. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Julian, who lives in Decatur, Georgia, and who turned six years old last Saturday on May 15. And so we want to say happy birthday, Julian. And Julian asked for us to make up a story that includes raptors, which are a kind of dinosaur, a trex, which is a big kind of dinosaur, and a police person and a police car. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Julian. Julian was walking with his dad right next to a little river. And in the river, he could see that the water was going over rocks and rushing down. But on the side of the river, there was a lot of mud. And in the mud, there was something that looked like a crocodile. Julian was pretty surprised because he didn't know that crocodiles lived there in this river. But there it was. Only the crocodile didn't look like a regular crocodile because it had long legs. And it also had it could stand up a little bit, and it looked a little bit more like a dinosaur. And the crocodile got out of the river and started walking to Julian and his dad. And Julian's dad said careful. Julian. And just as he said that, the alligator sorry. The crocodile that looked like a dinosaur opened up its mouth and it started to talk. It was a talking alligator, the first one that anybody had ever seen. Alligators don't meow. They don't bark. They don't woof, they don't say moo, they don't roar. They're usually just pretty quiet. But this looked like a different kind of alligator since it was a little bit more like it could stand up, and it looked a little bit more like a dinosaur. An alligator came up to Julian and his dad and he said, I'm not going to hurt you. I just need to tell you something. And Julian and his dad said that it was okay. And they said, what do you want to tell us? And the alligator told Julian that he was not a regular alligator after all, but that he lived when the dinosaurs used to be alive. And he was part dinosaur and part alligator. And he said that there was a big dinosaur war happening and they needed some people to come help. And Julian and his dad said, well, how could we even go there? And the alligator that had kind of dinosaur legs said, Come on a ride. And Julian and his dad went on the alligator dinosaur's back. And the alligator dinosaur started crawling back towards the river. But as he got close to the river, julian saw that there was a secret tunnel. And the alligator carried Julian and his dad through the secret tunnel next to the river, which went back in time all the way to when dinosaurs ruled the Earth. When they got out of the tunnel, Julian and his dad opened their eyes and they saw that it was really hot outside. The sun was a bit brighter than it is usually and they saw there wasn't really so much grass and the river was all dry. In fact, when they went back in time, julian and his dad and the alligator that had dinosaur legs landed in a desert. And the alligator told Julian and his dad that when the dinosaurs were alive the Earth used to be a little bit hotter. And Julian said, well, what about the North Pole and South Pole? They're probably still cold. But the alligator that looked like a dinosaur said that the North Pole and South Pole had no snow on them when dinosaurs were alive. And just as the alligator said that Julian could see there were a bunch of dinosaurs flying in the sky. When they got to the other side of that tunnel near the river, they really were back in time and there really were dinosaurs. And the dinosaurs were flying so quickly and it looked like they were having a race to get somewhere. And Julian and his dad said that they wanted to join the race. And Julian and his dad hopped onto the alligator that had dinosaur legs and they all started running on the ground with Julian and his dad and the alligator dinosaur and all of the other there were raptors that were running. There were Trexes that were running. And they started all going over some sand. When they got to a big sand dune, they found a sled on top and they decided they would sled down the sand dune because it works just like snow, only it goes a little bit slower, so it's not scary. So Julian and his dad and the alligator that looked like a dinosaur went for a sled ride down a big hill made of sand. And that hill was called a sand dune. And Julian and his parents were running as fast as they could off of the sled. And the dinosaurs around them were also running. And in the air they could see that there were things that were falling down. And the things that were falling down in the air were green and they looked kind of like slime. And Julian was like, Why is there slime falling down? And the alligator that looked like a dinosaur said that there was a great dinosaur war and dinosaurs didn't have guns and knives, so they used to fight each other with slime. Some dinosaurs would get a lot of slime, like a big pile and throw it at the other dinosaurs. And then the other dinosaurs would get so sticky. And then the other dinosaurs would say, hey, that's not fair. And they would get their own slime, and they would throw them back. And all of the dinosaurs in the world were having a big slime fight. Eight. And all of them were so dirty. And that's why Julian and his dad and their alligator that had dinosaur legs and all of the other Raptors were running away because they didn't want the green slime to get on them. And Julian and his parents were able to get away, and they lived happily ever after. The end.