Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Murphy. Makeup Story is the best podcast ever. My name is Jose. I raised a new geeky. I would like a story I am from hospital. I would like a story about a label could walk upside down a banana walk on team to wipe away round a charger every hour. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a boy named Gilda who lives in Pittstown, New Jersey, and who turns five years old today on February 12. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Gilda. Happy birthday, Gilda. And Gilda asked for us to make up a story that includes a rainbow that could walk upside down and a banana that could walk the right way and a charger who can walk every hour. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Gilda. It was raining outside of Gilda's house. And Gilda's mom told Gilda that they could put on some rainboots, and they could put on a rain jacket, and they could even get a paw patrol umbrella, and then they could go outside in the rain to splash in the puddles. Jilda said, okay, and he got on his boots and his raincoat and his paw patrol umbrella, and he walked outside. When he got outside his house and looked in the street, he saw an upside down rainbow, and the top of the rainbow was on the earth, and the bottom of the rainbow was in the sky. And Jilda told his mom, mom, look, I found the first upside down rainbow ever. And Jilda's mom, what? Maybe there was some gold. And Gilda's mom told Jilda that they should go to the rainbow since they had all sorts of rain things like boots and a raincoat and umbrella, and they should go to the end of the rainbow and see if there was gold. And Gilda said okay. And Gilda said, mom, where do you think the rainbow came from? And Gilda's mom told Gilda how rainbows are made. Not a lot of kids know this, but the way that rainbows are made is that when it rains, a little kind of rainbow dust comes down with the rain. It doesn't happen every time it rains, but sometimes the rainbow dust will come down. And when the rainbow dust comes down and goes in lines and makes shapes, that's how it turns into a rainbow. And this one formed in this way. And Gilda said, well, why didn't the rainbow dust for this rainbow fall from the sky the right way? And Gilda's mom said, let's go check it out. So they started splish splashing in puddles it's knowing right now. And they started splish splashing in puddles and walking all the way to the rainbow. When they got to the rainbow, they saw that there were so many bananas on the ground. And Gilda said to his mom, mom, look, there's no treasure at the end of the rainbow. It's just so many bananas. And Gilda's mom saw that the bananas were not yellow bananas. They were rainbow colored. And some of the rainbow colored bananas were able to go on the rainbow slide. And Gilda said to his mom, mom, could we try to eat a rainbow banana? And Gilda's mom said okay. So they opened up a rainbow banana, and when they opened it up, they saw that it was glowing. And Gilda said, mom, are you sure I could eat it? Because I've never had a glowing rainbow banana before. And Gilda's mom said, Let me just take a bite first. And Jilda's mom took a bite of the rainbow banana. And just as she took a bite of the rainbow banana, Gilda's mama's hair turned rainbow colored, and all of Jilda's mom's clothing turned into gold. And Gilda said, mom, look, we're rich now. You have so much gold. Now we could buy all the candy in the world. And Jilda's mom looked at her gold clothing, and she said, you're right. Do you want a bite? And Jilda took another bite of the rainbow colored banana, and all of his clothes turned gold, and his paw patrol umbrella turned gold. And he had gold boots, and he had a gold raincoat. And Gilda said, mom, let's bring some of the rainbow colored bananas home. And Gilda's mom said okay. So they both carried two bananas all the way back from the rainbow back to their house. And when they got to their house, Jilda told his mom that they needed to plant a rainbow banana tree. And Gilda's mom said okay. And Gilda put one of the rainbow bananas in the ground after he dug a little bit of dirt up. And then he got some food coloring and mixed it with some water and poured the colorful blue food coloring on the rainbow banana. And then he went inside his house, and he told his mom that they were going to have to wait a little bit. The next day, when Gilda woke up, he went outside his house, and do you know what he saw? What? Jilda saw a big rainbow banana tree. And the rainbow banana tree had legs, and the rainbow banana tree was able to walk. And the rainbow banana tree also had eyes, and it had a mouth, and it said, Gilda, do you know what I could do? And Gilda said, what can you do? And the rainbow banana tree said, that because it came from a rainbow banana that was in middle of a real upside down rainbow, the tree was able to turn into a magical tree house. And Gilda said, Show me. And the tree said, Huff, puff cupuff. And just as he said, Huff, puff cupuff, the banana tree turned into a banana treehouse. And the treehouse was so much fun because it had a rope ladder that you could climb up. And when you climbed up to the top of the treehouse. It had a pretend kitchen in it. But you could cook real cookies in the pretend kitchen was a very cold limit. To make popsicles. Yes. And you could make popsicles and even ice cream. And all you had to do was take a rainbow banana from the banana tree and put it in the treehouse in the kitchen. And whatever you put in the oven, if you wanted it to turn into a cookie, then all you had to do was say cookie. And then the rainbow banana turned into a cookie. And if you wanted it to turn into ice cream, then you said ice cream cone, and it turned into an ice cream cone. And if you wanted it to turn into a birthday cake, then do you know what would happen? What? The rainbow banana would turn into a round birthday cake, which is rainbow colored, and it was the yummiest yeah, you had to say birthday cake, and it was the yummiest birthday cake in the whole world. And so a lot of kids from Pittstown, New Jersey, said, gilda, can I come into the banana tree tree house? And Gilda said okay. And then the banana tree would walk around all the way to get to other kids houses, and then other kids would go inside, and Jilda would let them have, like, muffins and cookies and other kinds of yummy treats. But the tree was getting a little bit tired, and the tree said to Jilda's, mom, can you please plug me in because I'm a special tree that needs electricity? And Gilda's mom said, okay, and she plugged the banana tree into the wall. Well, the banana tree got so much electricity, and after it got so much electricity, it started to be able to fly. And every hour, like when Gilda woke up in the morning and at breakfast time and lunchtime and dinner time and snack time, the banana tree with the treehouse was able to flap its branches and also the leaves, and the bananas would flap, and it could fly up in the air. And the banana tree decided to fly on top of Jilde's regular house. And then Gilda had a secret special way to get from his bedroom into the treehouse on top of the roof, and he could hide there whenever he wanted. And Gilda and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to Make Tip stories. If your birthday is in March and you want me to make up a story for you, then please visit Facebook.com Makeup Stories and request a story. If your birthday is not in March, but you still want to participate in makeup stories, then visit the Facebook page, and we'll tell you how.