Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Filamena and Luciano. Filamena and Luciano lived in a tent house. The tent house had a see-through top so that they could see all of the stars at night. Inside the tents, there were sleeping bags and lanterns. And there was also a magic machine. The magic machine looked like a watermelon on the outside, but it felt like it was made of frisbee material. When you shook the magic machine, which looked like a watermelon, it started to make a funny ChuChu sound. Filamena and Luciano were always curious about what they could do with the magic machine.

One day, Filamena and Luciano decided to take the magic machine, which looked like a watermelon, and carry it together outside to the fields. When they got outside to the field, they started to roll the magic watermelon machine over and over. Suddenly, it exploded and turned into a giant big bubble that grew bigger and bigger. The bubble got so big that it went all the way up to the clouds. The bubble looked like it would be so much fun to go inside. So, Filamena and Luciano stepped into the bubble that the magic machine made.

When they got inside the bubble, they saw that it was raining and the ground was very muddy. But luckily, some magic boots appeared, and Luciano and Filamena wore the magic boots as they splashed through the muddy bubble. In the middle of the muddy bubble, there was a castle covered in mud. The top of the castle had a flag that was also covered in mud. The castle had a river around it, and the river was covered in mud too. It was the muddiest castle they had ever seen. Filamena and Luciano decided to go to the muddy castle to see what was inside and if they could clean it up.

Filamena and Luciano started to walk through the mud to the muddy castle. When they got inside the muddy castle, they saw a princess. The princess was upside down, and everyone in the castle walked around upside down. People in the castle thought that the ceiling was the floor, and their feet would stay stuck to the ceiling. Filamena and Luciano looked up and saw grownups, kids, and even dogs and cats walking on the ceilings of the castle upside down.

Just as Filamena and Luciano were looking at all the upside-down people in the muddy castle, a princess came up to them. The Princess said, "Filamena, Luciano, do you want to play?" Filamena and Luciano looked and saw an upside-down princess. The upside-down princess was a little bit different because she had no eyes and couldn't see. She also had no nose and couldn't smell. Luciano asked Filamena, "Do you think the princess can hear us?" Filamena looked and saw that the Princess had ears and said, "yes."

The Princess told Filamena and Luciano that she wanted to be able to see. Filamena had an idea. She told Luciano that they should go get the magic watermelon machine and see if the magic machine could make some eyes for the princess. Luciano said, "but it's already a bubble, so how are we even going to get it?" Filamena realized that there was still a seed from the original watermelon magic machine. They used that seed to make another magic machine. Filamena and Luciano brought the magic watermelon machine number two into the muddy Princess castle.

Filamena said, "magic, magic." Luciano started singing like a wolf. As he did that, an eye came out of the magic machine. The eye could walk, had legs, and had arms. Another eye came out of the magic machine too. That eye also had arms and legs, which looked a bit like monkey arms and legs. The eyes started to sing and jumped around right to the upside-down princess. Both of the eyes climbed up until they got right to the princess's eyes. The eyes went inside her eyes, and the princess was able to see. The eyes took their arms and feet off, so it was more comfortable in the princess's head. It turns out that those eyes were owl eyes. From then on, the upside-down princess that lived in the mud castle could see better than any other princess in the whole world.

But the Princess still couldn't smell because she had no nose. The Princess asked Filamena and Luciano, "Can you help me smell better?" Filamena and Luciano looked at the magic watermelon and saw they had none left. They didn't know what to do because there were no extra ones. Then they realized that the bubble they were in could still have some magic attached to it. They asked one of the dogs walking around upside down on the ceiling of the muddy castle to go outside and touch the bubble. When the dog touched the bubble, it grew an extra nose. The nose had arms and legs and walked off the dog, going straight to the Princess. The doggy nose went on the Princess and looked like a regular person nose after it got attached. The Princess could now smell as good as a dog. Dogs are so good at smelling things far away because they have very strong noses. They can track things even more than a mile away. The Princess now had the doggy smelling power and the owl eye seeing power, and she could see Filamena and Luciano. For the first time, the Princess said, "thank you, thank you. I can finally see you guys using my owl eyes and my ears."

The Princess wanted to know what some lucky charms would taste like. Filamena had lucky charms in her hand and gave them to the Princess. The Princess said, "let me taste what it looks like." The Princess was still confusing things a little bit because she was getting used to having eyes and a nose since she couldn't smell or see before. But Filamena and Luciano really saved the day, and the Princess was so happy.

Filamena and Luciano could hear their mom calling from the distance outside of the bubble. They told the Princess and all the upside-down people in the muddy castle that they would come back to see them another day. Filamena and Luciano went splashing through the mud back to their tent houses. Filamena and Luciano lived happily ever after. The end.