Welcome to Mary stories. This is Philip from London. Hi, my name is Lily Mina and I'm six, and I live in Durango, Colorado. And I want this story to be about a princess. Hi. My name is Luch On. I want this story to be about I that walked and how old are you? My name is Bar. I live in Durham. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a six year old girl named Filamena and her brother Luciano who live in Durango, Colorado. And Filamena and Luciano asked for us to make up a story that includes a princess and an eye that could walk. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Filamena and Luciano. Filamena and Luciano lived in a tent house. The 10th house had a see through top so that they could see all of the stars at night. And inside the tents, there were sleeping bags and there were lanterns. And there was also a magic machine. The magic machine looked like a watermelon on the outside, but it felt like it was made up of frisbee material. And if you shook the magic machine, which looked like a watermelon, then when you shook it, it started to make a kind of ChuChu sound and it would go but it wasn't like ChuChu. The sound it would make when you shook the magic machine that looks like a watermelon was like and Filamena and Luciano were always curious what they could do with the magic machine. One day, Filamena and Luciano decided to pick up the magic machine, which looked like a watermelon, and they carried it together outside to the fields. When they got outside to the field, they started to roll the magic watermelon machine over and over. And it was going when suddenly it exploded and it turned into a giant big bubble that was getting bigger and bigger. And the bubble got so big that it went all the way up to the clouds. And the bubble looks like it was so fun to go inside. And so Filamena and Luciano stepped into the bubble that the magic machine made. When they got inside the bubble, they saw that it was raining and that the ground was very muddy. But luckily, some magic boots appeared and Luciano and Filamena were wearing magic boots as they spliced and splashed through the muddy bubble. In middle of the muddy bubble, there was a castle which was covered in mud. And the top of the castle had a flag that was covered in mud. And the castle had a river around it. And the river was covered in mud. And it was the muddiest castle they had ever seen. And Filamena and Luciano decided that they would go to the muddy castle to see what's inside and to see if they could clean it well. Filamena and Luciano started to walk through the mud to the muddy castle. When they got inside the muddy castle, they saw that there was a princess. The princess was upside down. And everyone in the castle walked around upside down. People in that castle thought that the ceiling was the floor and their feet would stay stuck to the ceiling. And Filamena and Luciana walked into the castle, and they were looking at the ceiling. They looked up and they saw grownups, and they saw kids, and they even saw dogs and kitty cats that were walking on the ceilings of the castle upside down. And just as Filamena and Luciano were looking at all of the upside down people in the castle that was covered with mud, a princess came up to them. And the Princess said, Filamena, Luciano, do you guys want to play? And Filamena and Luciano looked, and they saw an upside down princess. The upside down princess was a little bit different because she had no eyes and she couldn't see. And she also had no nosy and she couldn't smell Luciana. Luciano said to Filamena, Filamena, do you think that the princess can hear us? And Filamena looked and saw that the Princess had ears and said, yes. The Princess said to Filamena and Luciano that she wanted to be able to see. And Filamena had an idea. She told Luciano that they should go get the magic watermelon machine and they could see if the magic machine could make some eyes for the princess. It was a bubble. Yeah. And then Luciano said, but it's already a bubble, so how are we even going to get it? And Filamena realized that there was still a seed from the original watermelon magic machine. And they used that seed and made that into another magic machine. And Filamena and Luciano brought the magic watermelon machine number two into the Princess castle that was covered in mud. And Filamena said magic. Magic. And Luciano started singing just like a wolf. And as he did that, do you know what happened, Bud? What? There was an eye that came out of the magic machine. And the eye could walk. It had legs, and the eye had arms, and the eye could see. And there was another eye behind it that came out of the magic machine, too. And that eye also had arms and legs. And they kind of looked a little bit like monkey arms and monkey legs. And the eyes started saying. And as they said that, they jumped around right to the upside down princess. And both of the eyes climbed up until they got right to the princess's eyes. And do you know what they did? They went inside her eyes. And then the princess was able to see. And they took their arms and their feet off so that it was more comfortable in the princess's head. And it turns out that those kinds of eyes were owl eyes. And so from then and there, the princess, the upside down princess that lived in the mud castle was able to see better than any other princess in the whole world. But the Princess still couldn't smell because she had no nose. And so the Princess said to Filamena and Luciano, Filamena, Luciano, is there anything you can do to help me smell better? And Filamena and Luciano looked at the magic watermelon, and they saw they had none left. So they really didn't know what to do because there were no extra ones. Do you have any ideas of what they could have done, bud the bubble could have some magic. Yes. And they realized that the bubble that they were in could still have some magic attached to it. And so what they did is they asked one of the doggies Filamena and Luciano asked one of the doggies that was walking around upside down on the ceiling of the muddy castle. It asked the doggie to go to the outside of the bubble. That was the magic bubble that the watermelon made. And the doggie touched the bubble. And do you know what happened? The doggie grew an extra nosy. And the nosy had arms and headed legs, and it walked off the dog and went straight to the Princess. And the doggie nosy went on the Princess and looked like a regular person nosy after it got attached back on. But do you know what? What? The Princess was able to smell as good as a dog. Doggies are so good at smelling things that are far away because dogs have very strong noses. They could track things that are like, even more than a mile away, even 2 miles or 3 miles away, by smelling things that are far away. And so the Princess now got that doggy smelling power and the owl eye seeing power, and she could see Filamena and Luciano. And for the first time, the Princess said, thank you. Thank you. I could finally see you guys using my owl eyes and my ears. And the Princess wanted to know what some lucky charms would taste like. And Filamena had lucky charms in her hand, and she gave them to the Princess. And the Princess says, let me taste what it looks like. Because the Princess really you can't taste what it looks like. You see what it looks like. But the Princess was still confusing things a little bit because she was getting used to having eyes and noses, because she couldn't smell and she couldn't see before. But Filamena and Luciano really saved the day. And the Princess was so happy. Looked like yeah, it's really silly. But Filamena and Luciano could hear their mom calling from the distance outside of the bubble. So they told the Princess and all the upside down people in the muddy castle that they would come back to see them a different day. And Filamena and Luciano went splash, splashing through the mud back to their tent houses. And Filamena and Luciano lived happily ever after that end. Thanks for listening. If your kid's birthday is in January and you want me to make up a story for your kid, then go to Facebook.com Makeup Stories and follow the instructions in the top post for how submit a story request. If your kid's birthday is not in January and they still want to participate in Makeup stories, then you can also follow the instructions on Facebook.com Makeupstories and they can record an intro message or a thanks for listening message.