Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Olivia. Olivia's mom told her that they were going to take a special kind of taxi to a new amusement park. Just as she said that, they heard some honking outside. It didn't sound like a regular car honking. Instead, it was like a roar honk every time the car went beep beep. It also said "RA." Olivia saw that outside her house, there was a lion car. The lion car had wheels just like a regular car, but it also had a big mouth in front with big teeth made of carrots. It also had a long jump rope tail in the back. There was a car seat in the driver's seat because a lion car is a kind of car that even kids can drive if a grown-up is in the back helping. The way it works is they put a car seat in the front driver's seat for lion cars, and then a kid sits in their car seat in the front driver's seat, and it's boosted a little bit so they can turn the steering wheel. Whenever you turn the steering wheel, the car goes. There's also a pedal to press, and when you honk the horn, it says "raw." There are windshield wipers that you can use, too. There's a button you can press for the windshield wipers. Olivia told her mom that she had to sit in the back seat where kids usually sit, as Olivia would drive the lion car all the way to the amusement center.

Olivia drove down the street, past the highway, all the way to the secret part of Montreal, Canada. In the secret part, there was a great amusement park. The great amusement park was hidden behind a waterfall, and it had blue clouds on top, and it snowed blue snow. The clouds had food coloring in them, and that's how the snow became blue. When it snowed blue snow in the amusement park, the ground was so fun to walk on because the blue snow made blue snowballs, and you could make blue snowmen. The amusement park had as much ice cream as any kid could want. Instead of snow piles, there were big ice cream piles. Kids at the amusement park had to shovel the ice cream to put it to the side so that the lion car could go. So when Olivia got to the amusement park, she needed to park the lion car. A lot of kids started to shovel the blue snow and the ice cream out of the way and put it in blue piles and ice cream piles so that Olivia could park the lion car. After Olivia parked the lion car, she told her mom she could get out of the backseat, and she pressed a button, which helped Olivia get out of her car seat. Olivia told her mom to hold her hand, and they walked into the amusement park.

The amusement park had a merry-go-round, and instead of having horses on it, it had cupcakes. You could sit in a cupcake, and your friends could sit in the cupcakes, too. The cupcakes would spin round and round and go in circles. Once in a while, there would be a hiccup, and a hiccup is when a cupcake starts to go up. So Olivia and her mom were going in the cupcakes on the merry-go-round, and suddenly Olivia heard a hiccup, and her cupcake ride started to go up, and it started to float a little bit until it went on a sled off of the merry-go-round. Olivia told her mom that she needed to get off the merry-go-round and pull the sled. So her mom got off the merry-go-round and held the sled, and Olivia's mom pulled Olivia through the blue snow, past all of the piles of ice cream to the pig ride. The pig ride was a really silly ride because the pigs went in a long line like a choo-choo train. There was one pig in front who, instead of saying "choo-choo," the pig would say, "oink, oink." And then he would say, "all aboard." The kids got to go on the pigs, and the pigs would take them around the pig track. It was called a pig track because it was a train track, but it was made out of muck and mud. Olivia went on the front engine pig, and the conductor pig said, "all aboard," and all of the kids went on their piggies, and the piggies started to go, and they said, "oink, oink." They started to go around the mud track.

As the piggies were going around the mud track, they saw that there were so many sprinkles because the sprinkles were for the ice cream. The piggies got distracted, and they stopped going on the choo-choo, and they started to eat the sprinkles. The kids got off the pigs, and all of the kids were like, "we're going to get off the piggies and start eating the sprinkles, too." But the sprinkles were all dirty with mud, so the parents said, "kids, don't eat that. Don't eat that." The kids said, "but sprinkles." Finally, Olivia told everyone she had an idea. Olivia said they should go to the cotton candy place, and everyone should just get some cotton candy that was clean and not full of muck so that all kids could have something yummy. All of the kids started to go off the pigs past the mud choo-choo train tracks next to the Ferris wheel, which was big and in the sky, and that's where they saw the cotton candy. The cotton candy was a really yummy kind of candy. It was a special kind of cotton candy because whenever you took one bite of the cotton candy, two bites came back. So the more of the cotton candy that you ate, the more there was left. Olivia told all of the kids, "time to start eating cotton candy." There was a talking flower that was in charge of giving out the cotton candy to everyone, and the flower said to all the kids, "are you guys sure you want to eat it? Because it's going to make there be more." The kids said yes. The talking flower told all of the kids, "okay, here you go." All of the kids started to eat some cotton candy, and the more bites of cotton candy they took, the more cotton candy came. Soon the whole amusement park was covered in cotton candy. It was so much cotton candy that it became as big as a building, and the bottom of it, which was on the piggies, the piggies were going under it and trying to make sure that they stayed in between the cotton candy and the mud so it wouldn't get dirty. Olivia told her mom, "quick, we need to tell the kids to start eating, and we need to drive away in our lion car because the cotton candy is going to get too big if the kids eat the big old just gas."

So Olivia needed the kids to stop eating so much because she didn't want the cotton candy to get so big that it would go on top of her lion car. All the kids said, "okay," and they stopped eating the cotton candy, but the piggies were still hungry. The piggies were eating and eating the cotton candy, and there was more and more cotton candy coming, and it was starting to be a big problem because there was so much cotton candy. It was getting so high, it was even blocking airplanes and helicopters in the sky, and airplanes and helicopters had to go around it. Suddenly, a helicopter came nearby and shouted from a loudspeaker, "Olivia, Olivia, tell the pigs not to eat any more cotton candy." Olivia told the pigs, but they didn't listen. Then the talking flower told Olivia that it knew how to speak oink oink language. The talking flower said, "oink oink. Don't eat any more cotton candy, pigs. Oink oink." The pigs understood, and they stopped eating, and it stopped getting bigger and bigger. Olivia drove her lion car home, and she told all of her friends that she was going to cut the cotton candy into lots of pieces and give one piece to every kid in the whole world so they would still have plenty. Olivia and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.