Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Amishi. Amishi was going on a big vacation with her parents. They went to a place where it was very snowy, and Amishi went on a special hike through the snow with her mom and dad. As they were walking through the snow, Amishi saw a rocket ship. The rocket ship was a little broken. There was a piece on the ground, a ladder, and some paint. So Amishi told her parents that they should stop in the snow. And because it looked like this rocket ship was old and didn't belong to anybody, they should put it back together. Amishi's mom and dad agreed, and they started working together. They used the ladder to put the piece that fell off back on. Then Amishi told them to start painting a rainbow on the rocket ship. Amishi's parents began painting a rainbow-colored rocket ship.

Next, Amishi and her parents got inside the rocket ship. When they got inside, they saw a yellow button with a purple cloud on it. Amishi told her parents to look at the yellow button with the purple cloud. She wondered if it was the lift-off button. Amishi asked her parents if they thought pressing the button would make the rocket ship blast off into outer space. Her parents said, "Why don't we try it?" So Amishi pressed the button, and just as she did, she could hear clouds getting closer to the rocket ship. The rocket ship seemed to have a little vacuum on the top, like a vacuum cleaner someone could use to clean a carpet. It was making the clouds go inside the rocket ship. Amishi told her parents that wasn't the button that made it go; it was the button that made it store up clouds. She suggested they find a button that stores up air so that it could push air out of the rocket ship and go to outer space. But then Amishi saw another button, a silver one with a picture of a yellow lightning bolt. She asked her parents if they should press that button. Her parents said, "Yeah, let's try it out." So Amishi pressed the silver button with the yellow lightning bolt. Just as she pressed it, the clouds inside the rocket ship started banging against each other and making little kabooms. Then the rocket ship started to shoot lightning out of its engine, and the clouds crashing into each other inside the rocket ship made the rocket ship take off. It was a lightning-powered, rainbow-colored rocket ship that went to outer space. Amishi's parents said, "Wow, Amishi, we made this lightning-powered rocket ship work! It has a vacuum that sucks up clouds, and then the clouds bang into each other in the rocket ship, making lightning. The lightning shoots out of the bottom of the rocket ship, and it goes to outer space."

As they got higher and higher, Amishi and her parents passed all the clouds in the sky. Soon they were on top of the sky, in outer space where the stars are. Amishi saw that once you were in outer space, you could see something that's hard to tell on Earth: some of the stars really twinkle different colors. There are yellow stars, green stars, purple stars, and even stars so black you can't see them at all, called black holes. In outer space, there are also lots of aliens. Aliens come in different shapes and forms. Some aliens are so tiny, they're smaller than an ant. There's a special kind of alien that looks a bit like a grasshopper and is so tiny, it's smaller than a ladybug. But when this grasshopper alien goes through a magnifying glass, it becomes a giant. Some people don't know if grasshoppers came to Earth from outer space or if they just started on Earth. But in any event, one of the grasshopper aliens had a robe on and a crown made of little pieces of the sun, with a grape on top of the crown. Everyone loved the little grasshopper king's robe and his crown with pieces of the sun in it. The grasshopper king came up to Amishi and her parents' rainbow-colored rocket ship. Amishi saw that the grasshopper king had his toenails painted with stars. She asked the tiny grasshopper, smaller than a ladybug, if he was the king of all the aliens. The grasshopper took a magnifying glass out of his back pocket, looked through it, and then became as big as Amishi's rainbow rocket ship. The grasshopper said, through the windows of the rocket ship, "I am the king of all aliens, and I am so proud that you used your lightning-powered rocket ship to rocket all the way into outer space. Because you came here to visit me, I am going to paint a unicorn on the other side of the rocket ship." Amishi said, "So we're going to have a rainbow unicorn rocket ship?" The king of all the aliens said, "Yes." Then the king of all the aliens, now a big grasshopper as big as the rainbow spaceship, took off his magic crown and rubbed it on Amishi's special rocket ship. Just as he rubbed it on, a unicorn was painted onto the rocket ship. Even though the unicorn was painted on, it could still move and even move to different parts of the rocket ship. So Amishi said thank you to the king of all aliens and told her parents it was getting late and time for them to go back home. Amishi and her family went back home in the lightning-powered rainbow and unicorn rocket ship, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.