Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Amishi. Amishi was going on a big vacation with her parents. And Amishi and Amishi's parents went to a place where it was so snowy, and Amishi went on a special hike through the snow with her parents. And as they were going through the snow, Amishi saw a rocket ship. The rocket ship was broken a little bit. There was a piece on the ground, and there was a ladder, and there was also some paint. So Amishi told her parents that they should stop in the middle of the snow. And because it looked like this rocket ship was old and it didn't belong to anybody, they should put it back together. And Amishi's mom and dad said, okay, and they started working together, and they used the ladder to put the piece that fell off back on. And then Amishi told them to start painting a rainbow on the rocket ship. And Amishi's parents started painting a rainbow colored rocket ship.

Then Amishi and her parents got inside the rocket ship. When they got inside the rocket ship, they saw that there was a button which was yellow, and the yellow button had a purple cloud on it. Amishi told her parents to look at the yellow button with the purple cloud. What is it button? You know what it might have been trying to say? This is the lift off button. Blast off. And Amishi asked her parents if she thought that if they pressed the button, it would make it blast off into outer space. And Amishi's parents said, Why don't we try it? So Amishi pressed the button, and just as she pressed the yellow button with a picture of a red a purple cloud on it, just as she pressed that button, she could hear that in the world outside of her, there were clouds that were getting closer to the rocket ship. And the rocket ship seemed like it had a little vacuum on the top, and it was almost like a vacuum cleaner that somebody could use to clean a carpet, and it was making the clouds go inside the rocket ship. So then I thought it would go up. So it looked like the clouds fall down, but you were going up. But the clouds no, the clouds were going into the rocket ship. That's what the yellow button with the purple cloud in it made clouds go into the rocket ship. And then Amishi told her parents that was not the button that made it go. That was the button that made it store up clouds. You know what they should find a button that stores up air. Yes. And Amishi told her parents they should look for a different button, like maybe one that stores up air so that it could push air out of the rocket ship and go to outer space. But then Amishi saw another button, and this button was silver, and it had a picture of a yellow lightning bolt. And Amishi asked her parents if they should press that button. And Amishi's parents said, yeah, let's try it out. And so Amishi pressed the silver button in the rocket ship, which had a picture of a yellow lightning bolt. And just as she pressed it, the clouds that were inside the rocket ship started banging against each other and making little kabooms. And then the rocket ship started to shoot lightning out of its engine, and the clouds crashing into each other inside the rocket ship made the rocket ship take off. And it was a lightning powered, rainbow colored rocket ship that went to outer space. And Amishi's parents said, wow, Amishi, we made this lightning powered rocket ship work. And the way it works is it has the vacuum, which sucks up clouds, and then the clouds bang into each other in the rocket ship, and that makes lightning. And the lightning shoots out of the bottom of the rocket ship, and it goes to outer space.

As they were getting higher and higher, Amishi passed all of the clouds that were in the sky. Soon they got on top of the sky, and they were in outer space, where the stars are. Amishi saw that once you were in outer space, you could see something that it's hard to tell on Earth, which is that some of the stars are really twinkling different colors. So there are yellow stars in outer space, and there are green stars, and there are purple stars, and there are stars that are so black you can't see them at all. And those are called black holes. And in outer space, there are also lots of aliens. Aliens come in different shapes and forms. Some of the aliens are so teensy and tincy, they are smaller than an ant. There's a special kind of alien that looks a little bit like a grasshopper. And it's so teensy and tiny. It's smaller than a ladybug. But what the special alien does is it goes to a magnifying glass, and then if the grasshopper alien goes through a magnifying glass, then it becomes a giant. And that kind of grasshopper alien, which starts off so small, smaller than a ladybug, and then when it goes on a magnifying glass, whooping. So that Glasshopper alien. I wonder if it was a Glasshopper, like, 100 year ago that might have been, like, what a grasshopper looked like. Yeah, some people don't know that. If grasshopper scientists are still trying to figure out if grasshoppers came to the earth from outer space from one of these where the aliens lived or if grasshoppers just started on earth. But in any event, one of the grasshoppers had a robe on, and the little grasshopper also had a crown that was made of little pieces of the sun, and the crown had a grape on top of the crown, and everyone loved the little grasshopper's king robe and his crown with pieces of the sun in it. And the grasshopper came up to Amishi and Amishi's parents rainbow colored rocket ship. And Amishi saw that the grasshopper king of all aliens had his toenails painted, and it was painted with stars. And Amishi said to the grasshopper that was so teensy, tincy, it was littler than a ladybug. She said, are you the king of all the aliens? And the grasshopper that was so teensy and tincy took a magnifying glass out of his back pocket, looked through the magnifying glass, and then became as big as Amishi's rainbow rocket ship. And the grasshopper said, through the windows of the rocket ship, I am the king of all aliens, and I am so proud that you used your lightning powered rocket ship to rocket all the way into outer space. And because you came here to visit me, I am going to paint a unicorn on the other side of the rocket ship. And Amishi said, so we're going to have a rainbow unicorn rocket ship. And the king of all the aliens said, yes. And then the king of all the aliens, who is now a big grasshopper, as big as the rainbow spaceship, took off his magic crown, and he rubbed the magic crown on Amishi's special rocket ship. And just as he rubbed it on, a unicorn was painted onto the rocket ship. And even though the unicorn was painted on, it could still move, and it could even move to different parts of the rocket ship. So Amishi said thank you to the king of all aliens, and she told her parents, what's your question, bud? You know what? Don't mind having a real unicorn, and he just needs the glass and stuff, and it's a trick. It definitely could be a trick, because this is the king of all aliens, and aliens might have inventions and stuff we don't know about. But Amishi told her family it was getting late, and it was time for them to go back home. So Amishi and her family went back home in the lightning powered rainbow and unicorn rocket ship, and Amishi and her family lived happily ever after. The end.