Once upon a time, there was a big girl named Ellie who lived on a farm. On the farm, there were chickens that went cluck cluck, cluck. There were piggies that loved to play in the mud and went oink oink oink. There were also some kitty cats. One of the kitty cats said, "mew" all the time, while the others were pretty quiet.

Ellie's favorite animal on the farm was a pony she got for her birthday. She told her mom and dad that she wanted to dress up as a princess and go on a ride on the pony. Her mom said, "Okay, but we have to be with you." Ellie agreed.

The next morning, Ellie had some yummy eggs and bacon for breakfast. Then she told her parents she was ready for her adventure on her pony. Her parents said, "Okay, time to go. Did you pack a backpack?" Ellie said she had a princess backpack with water, snacks, and a water gun just in case she wanted to play. Her parents thought it was a great idea.

Ellie's parents walked with her and the pony she was riding. They walked through some streets until Ellie saw a magical forest. She told her parents she wanted to go in. Her parents suggested they stay for a little bit, but just as they said that, Ellie's pony ran into the magical forest. Ellie called out to her parents, "I'll come back soon." Her parents agreed to wait at the edge of the magical forest.

The pony galloped into the magical forest, where Ellie saw trees with lollipops instead of leaves. When it got windy, the lollipops would sway in the breeze. The trail in the forest was made of hot cocoa powder, and the ground was covered in fruit treats and fruit roll-ups.

Ellie also saw a giant seesaw with a teddy bear on one side and a green leprechaun on the other. They were having so much fun going up and down, saying "Wa" and "Wee."

Ellie continued her journey and saw clouds getting darker. It started to rain, but instead of water, it rained milk! The hot cocoa trail turned into a cold, milky drink, and Ellie went off the trail to avoid getting caught in a flood.

She found a pond made of orange juice with gummy fish swimming in it. Ellie tried to catch a frog to bring home to her parents but couldn't. She filled her cup with orange juice instead, and when she drank it, her princess dress sparkled with magical powers.

As Ellie continued, she found milk snow and a milk snowman with a candy cane nose, chocolate-covered raisin eyes, and a grape mouth. The snowman became her friend and followed her through the magical forest.

Suddenly, hundreds of locusts appeared, wanting to eat all the candy in the forest. Ellie had to think fast, so she used her water gun filled with milk to scare them away.

After her big adventure, Ellie decided to leave the magical forest with the snowman. But as they reached the edge, the sun came out, and the snowman had to stay behind.

Ellie returned to her parents, who were worried but happy to see her. They went home, and Ellie showed them the water gun filled with milk as proof of her magical adventure. Her parents believed her, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.