Ready for story time. Once upon a time, there was a big girl whose name was Ellie. And Ellie lived on a farm. And on the farm there were some chickens that went cluck cluck, cluck. And there were some piggies on the farm that got so dirty in the mud, and they went oink oink oink th. And on the farm there are also some kitty cats. One of the kitty cats said, mew all the time. And the other kitty cats like to be pretty quiet. Well, Ellie's favorite animal in the whole farm was a pony that she got for her birthday. And Ellie told her mom and her dad that she wanted to dress up as a princess and go on a ride in the pony. And her mom said, okay, but we have to be with you. And Ellie said, okay. So the next morning, Ellie woke up and she had some yummy eggs and bacon for breakfast. And then she told her parents that she's ready to go on her adventure on her pony. And her parents said, okay, time to go. Did you pack a backpack? And Ellie said that she had a princess backpack. And in the backpack was some water and there were some snacks and also a water gun just in case she wanted to play. And her parents said, that's such a good idea. Then her parents started walking with her and the pony that Ellie was riding. And they walked through some streets until Ellie saw a magical forest. And she told her parents that she wanted to go in the magical forest. And her parents said, well, why don't we just stay here for a little bit? But just as they said that, Ellie's pony ran so fast away from her mama and dada into the magical forest. And Ellie said, mama, dada, I'll come back soon. And her parents said, okay, we're going to wait at the edge of the magical forest while you have your adventure. And the pony that Ellie was on galloped into the magical forest. And once she got in, she saw lots of trees. And the trees didn't have leaves on them, they had lollipops instead. And when it got windy, the lollipops would sway in the breeze. They would move about. And the trail in the forest wasn't made of dirt. It was made of hot cocoa powder, little chocolate powder. And instead of having regular grass on the ground in the forest, it had fruit treats and fruit roll up and a lot of yummy snacks. And Ellie also saw that next to the trail in the forest, there was a giant seesaw. And the seesaw, on one side of the seesaw there was a teddy bear. And on the other side of the seesaw there was a green leprechaun. And the teddy bear was saying, WA. And the leprechaun was saying, wee. And they were having so much fun going up and down the seesaw. Well, Ellie decided to keep going in the magic forest. And as she kept going, she saw that some clouds came. And then the clouds got darker and it started to rain. Ellie didn't have an umbrella on, so she didn't want to get all wet. But it was too late. The rain had started. And do you know what it rained down? Milk. And it was raining milk all over the forest. And the trail that Ellie was on, which was made of hot cocoa powder, got so milky and turned into a cold kind of hot cocoa milky drink because the milk got in a hot cocoa and it started spilling away. Well, Ellie decided to go off the trail because she didn't want to get caught in a flood of hot cocoa and milk. And when she went off the trail, she saw that past some rocks in a clearing between some trees, there was a pond that was made out of orange juice. And in the pond there were some gummy fishies that were going up and down. And she decided to go to the edge of the pond. And at the edge of the pond she saw a frog. And she wanted to catch the frog to bring it home from the magical forest to her parents who were waiting at the edge of the forest. And so she got out a cup, which she had also taken with her and put the cup in the pond right where she saw the frog. But do you know what happened? The frog got away and disappeared under the orange juice. So Ellie decided to just fill up her cup with some orange juice and drink it. And when Ellie drank the orange juice, her princess dress started to sparkle and it got twinkly and glittery and it looked so nice. And Ellie felt some magical powers coming. Well, Ellie decided to keep going. And as she kept going, she saw that it was kind of snowy. And this snow was not made of water. It was milk snow. And milk snow is very white, even whiter than regular snow that comes from rain. And in the milk snow, do you know what she saw? She saw a milk snowman. And the milk snowman had an orange nose, but instead of being made of carrot, it was made out of candy cane and it had two eyes. But do you know what the eyes were? Do you know what the eyes were, bud. What the eyes were? Yep. Chocolate covered raisins. And the mouth was made of guess what it made out of. Grape. Yes, that's what it was made out of. So it was a special milk snowman with those kinds of eyes and nose and mouth. And the milk snowman told Princess Ellie that they could be friends. And the snowman didn't have any feet, so it had to roll around with the bottom ball, which were instead of its feet. And it followed Princess Ellie as she went in her princess dress on her pony through the magical trail. But very soon, she saw a lot of bugs start to come, because there were locusts. And locusts are like grasshoppers that jump and could fly a little bit. And there were so many of them. It wasn't just one or two. It wasn't even just like ten. It was hundreds of them. Hundreds of locusts were clouding the sky, and they wanted to go eat all of the candy in the magic forest. And Ellie told her horsey to run as fast as it could. And the horsey said, I'm just a pony. I can't even go so fast. And so Ellie had to think of an idea for how to get the locust to go away and to not eat all of the candy in the magical forest. And then Ellie remembered that she had a water gun. And so she took the water gun out of her backpack and filled it up with some milk that had dropped onto the ground from the rain, and she started spraying it at the locust. And the locust didn't like to be sprayed with the milk from the water gun. And then she pressed her turbo superpower button on the water gun, and it sprayed so much and it sprayed so far that the locust went away. Well, Ellie decided that she had a pretty big adventure, so she told the snowman that it should come out of the magic forest with her and that it should go meet her parents, because otherwise her parents wouldn't believe her. And the snowman said, okay. And so they started down the trail where they came. The trail was kind of slippy because of the earlier rainfall with milk and how it made the hot cocoa stream down. But the snowman was good at rolling down it, even though it was slippy. And as they got to the edge of the magic forest, it stopped raining and the sun came out, and the snowman said, it's too hot for me. I have to stay in the magic forest. So Ellie said bye bye, and she and her pony rode out of the magic forest wearing her princess dress and went back to her family. Well, her mom and dad said, where were you, Ellie? We were so worried about you. And Ellie said, don't worry. I was just having an adventure in the magic forest. And Ellie's mom and dadda told Ellie that they should go home. And Ellie went home with her mom and dadda. When they got home, they said, did you eat the snacks that were in your backpack? And Ellie looked in her backpack, and the snacks were still there. But do you know what else was? The watergun with milk in it. And she told her parents, look, there really is milk in the watergun, so you have to believe me that I went to a magic forest. And her parents said that they believed her and Ellie and her parents lived happily ever after. The end.