Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two brothers named Yuda and Rafi. They lived in a house in New Orleans and loved to have lots of fun, sometimes being a bit wild. Yuda and Rafi enjoyed playing dancing games and sometimes would jump on the couch.

One day, Yuda told Rafi about a secret rocket ship that was perfect for kids' rides and could take them to a different planet if they knew how to get directions. Yuda and Rafi asked their mom and dad how to find the secret rocket ship. Their parents said they first needed to find a treasure map, but they didn't know where it might be.

There was a knock on their door, and they opened it to see an old man wearing funny clothes and with a long white beard. The man said, "My name is Schlomo Karlbach, and I have a treasure map that will lead you to the secret rocket ship that can take you all the way to Mars to see a Martian planet." Yuda and Rafi were so happy, and Schlomo Karlbach opened up his big suitcase, revealing a guitar. As he played the guitar and sang a song, Yuda and Rafi noticed something shiny inside the guitar. They found the treasure map!

The treasure map was shiny and not written on regular paper. It was written on parchment, a special kind of paper-like material made from dried cowskin. The map showed Yuda and Rafi's house and a hidden spot past the shule where the rocket ship was. Yuda and Rafi followed their parents to the rocket ship.

When they reached the rocket ship, they saw it was huge, as big as a building, but camouflaged in the trees, making it hard for others to see. The rocket ship had big engines that used a special kind of food called chullant to power it. Chullant is a tasty stew with meat, potatoes, and beans that kids love.

Yuda and Rafi climbed aboard the rocket ship with their parents, and they counted down, "Three, two, one, blast off!" The chullant-powered rocket ship blasted off into space. When they got to space, they discovered they were not on their way to Mars but to a different planet named Beavel. When they landed on Beavel, they saw many different aliens who were construction workers.

On planet Beavel, all the aliens spoke different languages and couldn't understand each other. They were all trying to build the biggest tower in the universe, using lots of construction equipment. The tower was bigger than the biggest tree and taller than the clouds, which were rainbow-colored on this planet. When it rained, sprinkles fell instead of regular rain.

The aliens looked a bit sad as they built the Tower of Bavel, speaking their different languages. But when Yuda and Rafi got out of the rocket ship, they found a red button on the outside. They asked their parents what would happen if they pressed it. Their parents said they didn't know, but they should try it out.

Yuda carefully pressed the red button, and it started singing a strange song. As the song played, all the aliens on the planet began to dance around the Tower of Bavel and started to understand each other a little bit.

As they understood each other, they saw a man with one leg hopping around. Yuda asked, "Who is this man?" The man, wearing a cape, a hat, and long strings coming out of his shirt, said, "My name is Hillel, and you can ask me anything. While standing on one leg, I will tell you the answer."

An alien asked Hillel, "Can you tell me, while standing on one foot, what makes the whole world be and what is the rule that everyone should have?" Hillel stood on one foot and said, "The rule is that everyone should be nice. If you want others to be nice to you, then you should be nice to them." The aliens decided they hadn't been very nice while building the tower, so they started taking it down and built houses and a visitor center instead.

Some aliens still didn't want to be nice and wanted to keep building the tower. Suddenly, they heard giant footsteps and saw a big, strong giant named Shimshon Haggibor. He told the aliens they had to be nice or they would get a time out. The aliens agreed to be nice from then on.

The aliens on planet Beavel decided to make sprinkle houses, schools, playgrounds, candy factories, stores, and toys. They used the materials from the Tower of Bavel and added sprinkles from the rain. They thanked Yuda and Rafi for saving the day.

Yuda and Rafi returned to Earth with their parents and told their friends about their amazing adventure. Their friends were so happy for them. Yuda and Rafi lived happily ever after. The end.