Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two big boys who were brothers and whose names were Yuda and Rafi. Yuda and Rafi lived in a house in New Orleans. Yuda and Rafi loved to have a lot of fun and sometimes to be wild and get labidic. Well, Yuda and Rafi had a lot of fun dancing games that they used to play, and sometimes they would jump on the couch. 

One day, Yuda told Rafi that he knew about a secret rocket ship. The rocket ship was good for kids' rides, and it could really take them to a different planet if they knew how to get directions. Yuda and Rafi asked their mama and their dada how to get to the secret rocket ship. Their parents said that first, they had to find the treasure map, and they didn't know where the treasure map might be. 

There was a knock on their door, and they opened it to see an old man wearing silly clothing and with a long white beard. The man said, "My name is Schlomo Karlbach, and I came prepared to your house with a treasure map that directs you to the secret rocket ship that could take you all the way to Mars to see a Martian planet." Yuda and Rafi were so happy, and Schlomo Kalbach opened up his suitcase, which was so, so big, and inside they saw a guitar. Schlomo Kalbach started to play the guitar, pulling on some strings, and he started to sing a song that went bump bub. As he started singing that song, Yuda and Rafi looked closely at his guitar and saw something shiny in it. Inside Schlomo Kaublock's guitar, Yuda and Rafi found the treasure map. 

The treasure map was kind of shiny and wasn't written on regular paper. It was written on parchment, which is a kind of paper-like material that is a little bit like cowskin. The cowskin gets dried off, and they only take the cowskin after the cow's already dead, and you can write things on it with ink. The treasure map showed Yuda and Rafi's house, and it showed that around the corner, behind some trees in a hidden special place past the shule, there was a rocket ship. Yuda and Rafi followed their parents all the way to the rocket ship. 

When they got to the rocket ship, they saw that it was so, so big. It was as big as a building, but it was camouflaged in the trees, so it was hard for other people to see it. They also saw that the rocket ship had great big engines, and the great big engines had a kind of food coming out of it called chullant. Chullant is a kind of soupy stew with some meat, potatoes, and beans that kids really like. In order to make the rocket ship go, the chullant rocket ship pushed the chullant out of the engines, and it was ready to blast off. 

So Yuda and Rafi climbed aboard the rocket ship, and they went with their parents, and they said, "Three, two, one, blast off!" Chullant started to come out of the rocket ship, and the rocket ship blasted off into space. When they got in space, they saw that they were not on their way to Mars. They were going to a different planet named Beavel. When they got to the planet named Bevel, their dad helped them land the rocket ship. They saw that there were so many different aliens, and the aliens were construction aliens. 

On the planet named Bevel, all of the aliens spoke different languages, and they couldn't understand each other. They were all trying to build the biggest tower in the universe, and they had so much construction equipment. All of the aliens were trying to build and build the biggest tower in the whole universe, which was bigger than the biggest tree and bigger than a really big building and was higher than the clouds on this planet. Because this was a different planet, the clouds on this planet were rainbow-colored. Whenever it rained on this planet, instead of regular rain, sprinkles came down. 

While the aliens were constructing, using their construction equipment, the big Tower of Bavel, they were all talking different languages, and they all looked a little bit sad, to be truthful. But suddenly, when they got out of the rocket ship, Yuda and Rafi found a red button on the outside of the rocket ship. They asked their parents what would happen if they pressed the red button. Their parents said they didn't know, but they should try it out. 

So Yuda went carefully up to the red button on the side of the rocket ship. He lifted his hand up and put it right next to the red button, and he said, "Dad, are you sure that I should press this red button?" And his dad, whose name was also Tati, said, "Yes, Yuda, you can press the red button." Yuda pressed the red button, and it started singing a strange song which went, "Nishkid dai git yiddin baimim pohim zain." Just as it started singing that, all of the aliens on this planet started to dance, and they were starting to dance around the Big Tower of Baville. They all started to understand each other a little bit. 

As they understood each other, they saw that there was a man who had one leg and the man was hopping on one leg. Yuda said, "Who is this man?" All of the aliens stopped to look at it because this was a person on a different planet. The man was wearing a cape and he had a hat on his head and he had long strings coming out of his shirt. The man said, "My name is Hillel, and you can ask me anything. While standing on one leg, I will tell you the answer." 

One of the aliens said, "Well, Hillel, I see you have one foot. Can you tell me while you're standing on one foot what makes the whole world be and what is the rule that everyone should have?" Hillel stood on one foot and said to the aliens, "Well, the rule is that everyone should be nice. If you want other people to be nice to you, then you should be nice to other people." All of the aliens on the planet named Beavel decided that they weren't being so nice when they spoke different languages and built this big, big tower with all of their construction equipment. They decided to start taking down the tower and instead build houses for all the aliens and also build a visitor center for anyone who decided to visit them on their planet. 

Some of the aliens still didn't want to be so nice, and they said, "We want to keep building this tower, and we don't want anyone to live in it, and we don't want to be nice to anyone." Suddenly, as the aliens said that, they heard some big footsteps in the background, and it sounded like giant footsteps. The aliens looked up and saw a big, strong giant. The giant said to the aliens, "My name is Shimshon Haggibor, and I am here to tell you that everyone has to be nice. If you're not nice, then you guys will get a time out and you'll have to stay by yourself for three seconds." The aliens told Shimshon Haggibor that they would decide to be nice from then on. Shimshon Hageibor told the aliens that that was a good choice. 

All of the aliens on the planet named Bevel decided to make sprinkle houses. They took some of the bricks, dirt, cement, and materials that they were using to build the Big Tower of Buville and started to use that instead to build schools for kids, playgrounds, candy factories, stores, and toys. Whenever they built a house, playground, or anything, they put sprinkles on it that they saved up from the rain. They told Yuda and Rafi that they saved the day. 

Yuda and Rafi got back into the rocket ship with their parents and zoomed back down to Earth. When they got back down to Earth, they told their friends that they had an amazing adventure that they wouldn't even believe. Their friends were so happy for Yuda and Rafi. Yuda and Rafi lived happily ever after. The end.