Welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime wampus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from two listeners who are named Yuda and Rafi and are four years old and five years old. And Yuda and Rafi asked for us to make up a story about a giant who is very, very big, big, a martian, which is an alien that lives in another planet and a person dancing. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two big boys who were brothers and whose names were Yuda and Rafi. Yuda and Rafi lived in a house in New Orleans. And Yuda and Rafi loved to have a lot of fun and sometimes to be wild and get labidic. Well, Yuda and Rafi had a lot of fun dancing games that they used to play, and sometimes they would jump on the couch. Well, Yuda told Rafi one day that he knew about a secret rocket ship. And the rocket ship was good for kids rides, and it could really take them to a different planet if they knew how to get directions. And so Utah and Rafi asked their mama and their dadda how to get to the secret rocket ship. And their mama and dada said that first they had to find the treasure map, and they didn't know where the treasure map might be. And so there was a knock on their door that went, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock. And they opened up the door and they saw an old man who was wearing silly clothing and had a long white beard. And when they opened the door, the man said, my name is Schlomo Karlbach, and I came prepared to your house with a treasure map that directs you to the secret rocket ship that could take you all the way to Mars to see a martian planet. And Yuda and Rafi were so happy, and so Schlomo Kalbach opened up his suitcase, and his suitcase was so, so big, and inside they saw a guitar. And schlomo Kalbach started to play the guitar, pulling on some strings, and he started to sing a song that went bump bub. And as he started singing that song, yuda and Rafi looked closely at his guitar and they saw something shiny in it. Inside Schlomo kaublock's guitar, yuda and Rafi found the treasure map. The treasure map was kind of shiny and wasn't written on regular paper. It was written on parchment, which is a kind of paper like material that is a little bit like from cowskin. And the cowskin gets dried off, and they only take the cowskin after the cow's already dead, and you can write things on it with ink. And that's where the treasure map was. And the treasure map showed Utah and Rafi's house, and it showed that around the corner, behind some trees in a hidden special place past the shule, there was a rocket ship. And yuda and Rafi followed their parents all the way to the rocket ship. When they got to the rocket ship, they saw that it was so, so big. It was as big as a building, but it was camouflaged in the trees, so it was hard for other people to see it. And they also saw that the rocket ship had great big engines, and the great big engines had a kind of food coming out of it called chullant. And the chullant is a kind of like soupy stew with some meat and some potatoes and some kinds of beans that kids really do like. And in order to make the rocket ship go, the chullant rocket ship pushed the chullen out of the engines, and it was ready to blast off. So Yuda and Rafi climbed aboard the rocket ship, and they went with their parents, and they said, three, two, one, blast off. And some chullant started to come out of the rocket ship, and a rocket ship blasted off into space. When they got in space, they saw that they were not on their way to Mars. They were going to a different planet named Beavel. And when they got to the planet named Bevel, their dad helped them land the rocket ship. And they saw that there were so many different aliens, and the aliens were construction aliens. And on the planet named Bevel, all of the aliens spoke different languages, and they couldn't understand each other. And they were all trying to build the biggest tower in the universe, and they had so much construction equipment, and all of the aliens were trying to build and build and build the biggest tower in the whole universe, which was bigger than the biggest tree and bigger than a really big building and was higher than the clouds on this planet. And because this was a different planet, the clouds on this planet were rainbow colored. And whenever it rained on this planet, instead of regular rain, sprinkles came down. And while the aliens were constructing, using their construction equipment, the big tower of Bavel, they were all talking different languages, and they all looked a little bit sad, to be truthful. But suddenly, when they got out of the rocket ship, yuda and Rafi found a red button on the outside of the rocket ship. And they asked their parents what would happen if they pressed the red button. And their parents said they didn't know, but they should try it out. So Yuda went carefully up to the red button on the side of the rocket ship. He lifted his hand up and put it right next to the red button, and he said, dad, are you sure that I should play this red button? And his dad, whose name was also Tati, said, yes, Yuda, you can press the red button. And Yuda pressed the red button, and it started singing a strange song which went, nishkid dai git yiddin baimim pohim zain. And just as it started singing that, all of the aliens on this planet started to dance and they were starting to dance around the Big Tower of Baville. And they all started to understand each other a little bit. And as they understood each other, they saw that there was a man who had one leg and the man was hopping on one leg and Yuda said, who is this man? And all of the aliens stopped to look at it because this was a person on a different planet. The man was wearing a cape and he had a hat on his head and he had long strings coming out of his shirt. And the man said My name is Hillel and you can ask me anything. And while standing on one leg I will tell you the answer. And one of the aliens said well Hillel, I see you have 1ft. Can you tell me while you're standing on 1ft what makes the whole world be and what is the rule that everyone should have? And Hillel stood on 1ft and he said to the aliens, well, the rule is that everyone should be nice. And if you want other people to be nice to you, then you should be nice to other people. And all of the aliens on the planet named Beavel decided that they weren't being so nice when they spoke different languages and built this big, big tower with all of their construction equipment. And they decided to start taking down the tower and instead building houses for all the aliens and also building a visitor center for anyone who decided to visit them on their planet. Well, some of the aliens still didn't want to be so nice and they said we want to keep building this tower and we don't want anyone to live in it and we don't want to be nice to anyone. And suddenly as the aliens said that, they heard some big footsteps in the background and it sounded like giant footsteps. And the aliens looked up and they saw a big strong giant. And the giant said to the aliens my name is Shimshon Haggibor and I am here to tell you that everyone has to be nice. And if you're not nice, then you guys will get a time out and you'll have to stay by yourself for 3 seconds. And the aliens told Shimshon Haggibor that they would decide to be nice from then and there. And Shimshon Hageibor told the aliens that that was a good choice. And all of the aliens on the planet named Bevel decided to make sprinkle houses. And the way they did that is they took some of the bricks and some of the dirt and some of the cement and some of the materials that they were using to build the Big Tower of Buville. And they started to use that instead to build schools for kids and to build playgrounds, and to build candy factories and to build stores and to build a lot of toys. And whenever they built a house. And whenever they built a playground, and whenever they built anything, they put sprinkles on it that they saved up from the rain. And they told Yuda and Rafi that Yuda and Rafi saved the day. And so Yuda and Rafi got back into the rocket ship with their parents and they zoomed back down to Earth. And when they got back down to Earth, they told their friends that they had an amazing adventure that they wouldn't even believe. And their friends were so happy for Yuda and Rafi. And Yuda and Rafi lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. Thanks for listening. And remember to tell your friends about makeup stories.