Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jonah. Jonah lived with his family on the edge of town. To get to their house, you had to park your car by a regular road, and then walk or ride a horse along some trails. At the end of the trails was Jonah's old house. The house was a bit broken, with holes in the wooden planks. Next to the house, there were little rats with eyes that would spin around, and inside the house, there were no toys.

Every day, Jonah would walk along the trail to go to school. Sometimes in the morning, there would be a mist, a kind of fog that covered the trail, and he couldn't see very well. Even the trees on either side of the trail were hard to see. Sometimes he would hear noises on the trail, like an owl or something else. Jonah would walk to school all by himself. When he got to school, some of the kids weren't very nice to him because Jonah and his family used to crawl everywhere instead of walking on their feet. The kids at school would say that he crawled like an animal and that he wasn't even a real person, which made Jonah feel sad. So he decided not to talk to any of them.

Every day, Jonah would listen to his school lessons and play by himself during recess, crawling around the playground. After school, he would walk home alone on the trail, hoping not to hear those scary sounds. When Jonah got home, he would sit on his bed and wait for dinner time. For dinner, all he would get was a piece of burnt broccoli with no salt and no olive oil.

One day, Jonah decided he needed to do something. He had one toy, just one magnet tile. Jonah's family was very poor, and his parents also crawled everywhere. They couldn't really talk, and Jonah could talk, but sometimes it was hard for others to understand him. So they lived in this house, and Jonah had one toy, one magnet tile. One day, he went outside and saw one of the rats with spinning eyes. He held the red magnet tile in front of his eye and looked at the rat. When he looked at the rat through the red magnet tile, the rat's eyes spun around, and suddenly Jonah saw that the world was turning into a magnet tile world.

His old wooden house disappeared, and in front of him was a giant sidewalk made of yellow magnet tiles. Between the sidewalk was a highway with lanes of gray and white magnet tiles. Above him was a big ceiling of blue magnet tiles that looked like the sky. Everything around him had turned into magnet tiles. The rat with the spinning eyes turned into a big dinosaur in the magnet tile world. The dinosaur said, "I trapped you in my magnet tile world. Now you're going to have to stay here forever." Jonah asked, "How did this happen? Where did this magnet tile world come from?" The dinosaur, who used to be the rat, told Jonah that he put a magic spell on him and tricked him into looking through the magnet tile and into the rat's eyes, which made him enter the magnet tile world.

Jonah remembered that he really did look through the red magnet tile at the dinosaur. The dinosaur had big teeth, and Jonah asked if he was going to eat him. The dinosaur roared, so Jonah ran away. In the magnet tile world, there was a store with a computer inside. Jonah looked at the computer and searched for what to do if there's a dinosaur. He read that the best way to make friends with a dinosaur is to hold out your hand when the dinosaur is coming, which shows the dinosaur that you just want to play. So Jonah left the store and bravely held out his hand. The dinosaur opened his big, scary mouth, sniffed Jonah's hand, and said he wanted to be friends.

Jonah asked, "So how did I get to this place?" The dinosaur said that the magnet tile world was a safe place for kids, dinosaurs, and anyone who wants to have an imagination adventure. Jonah asked if he could visit the magnet tile world anytime he wanted. The dinosaur said that people could build whatever they want in their magnet tile worlds, and that the worlds could even be made of blocks and other materials. So Jonah started to build in the magnet tile world. He built a magnet tile museum, hung up magnet tile pictures, made seesaws and swings out of magnet tiles, and even invented a bow and arrow using magnets. But he always had to be careful because he would still hear the noise.

Jonah worried because the dinosaur told him that the noise was the sound of a giant who liked to smash magnet tile worlds, stomp in puddles, and bring people back to the cold, harsh reality of their everyday lives. Jonah told the voice that he wanted to stay in the magnet tile world a little bit longer. And so, Jonah, the dinosaur, and his whole family lived happily ever after in the magnet tile world. The end.