Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jonah. Jonah grew up in a family that lived on the outside of town. To get to their house, you had to park your car alongside a regular road, and then you had to walk or bring along a horse to go through some trails. And only at the end of the trails was Jonah's old house. The house was kind of broken, and pieces of wood had holes in them. Next to the house, there were little rats that had eyes that would turn around, and inside of the house, there were no toys.

Every day when Jonah would go to school, he would have to walk along the trail. And sometimes in the morning, there would be a mist, a kind of fog that rolled in over the trail, and he couldn't see anywhere around him. Even the trees that were right on either side of the trail, he could only see them a little bit. And sometimes he would hear noises on the trail, like, and he wouldn't be able to tell if it was an owl or something else. And Jonah would go by himself every day to school. And when he would get to school, sometimes the kids weren't so nice to him, because Jonah and all the kids that lived in his family used to always crawl everywhere instead of walking on their feet. And all of the kids in Jonah's school used to say that he crawled like an animal and that he wasn't even a real person, and it made Jonah feel bad. So he decided not to talk to any of them.

And every day, Jonah would listen to his school lessons, and he would go out and play in recess by himself, crawling along the playground. And then after he was done, he would go home alone on the trail, and he would hope that he wouldn't hear those scary sounds. And Jonah would go home to his room, and he would have to just wait sitting on his bed until it was dinner time. And then when it was dinner, all he would get to eat for dinner was a piece of burned broccoli with no salt and no olive oil.

And Jonah decided he needed to do something. And so he had one toy, just one magnet tile. Jonah's family was really poor, and his parents also, they didn't walk around. They just crawled everywhere. And his parents couldn't really talk. And Jonah also, when he wanted to talk, he could talk. But sometimes it was hard for other people to understand him. And so they lived in this house, and Jonah had one toy, one magnet tile. And one day, he went outside of his house and he saw one of the rats with the eyes that would go around in circles, and he put the magnetile in front of his eye, and it was a red magnetile. And he looked at the rat, and when he looked at the rat through the red magnetile, and the rat's eyes turned around, suddenly Jonah saw that the world that he lived in was turning into a magnet tile world.

And his old wooden house with a hole in it was going away. And in front of him, instead of there being a forest, there was a giant sidewalk made of yellow magnet tiles. And in between the sidewalk, there was a highway with lanes of gray and white magnetiles. And on top of him, there was a big ceiling of blue magnet tiles that looked like the sky. And everything around him had turned into magnetiles. And the rat that had that eye that was turning around inside the magnetile world, that turned into a big dinosaur. And the dinosaur said, I trapped you in my magnetile world. Now you're going to have to stay here forever. And Jonah said, how did this even happen? Where did this magnetile world come from? And the dinosaur that used to be the rat told Jonah that he put a magic spell on Jonah, and he tricked him into looking through the magnetile and looking in the rat's eyes, because when you do that, it makes you go into this kind of magnetile world.

And Jonah remembered that he really did look through that red magnet tile, and he looked at the dinosaur. And the dinosaur had big teeth, and he asked the dinosaur if he was going to eat him. And the dinosaur roared. So Jonah ran away. There was a store in the magnetile world, and inside the store, there was a computer. Jonah looked at the computer and he started typing in what to do if there's a dinosaur. And he read that the best way to make a dinosaur, your friend, is to put out your hand when the dinosaur is coming. And that shows dinosaurs that you just want to play. So Jonah went out of the store, and he bravely put out his hand, and the dinosaur opened his big scary mouth and closed his mouth and smelled Jonah's hand. And Jonah could feel the hot dinosaur air from the dinosaur's breath on his hand. And the dinosaur told Jonah that he wanted to be friends.

And Jonah said, so how did I get to this place? And the dinosaur said that this magnetile world was a safe world for kids and for dinosaurs and for anyone who wants to have an imagination adventure. And Jonah asked if he could go to the magnetile world anytime he wanted. And the dinosaur said that people could build whatever they want in their magnetile worlds, and that the magnetile worlds could even be made of blocks and other material. You could build whatever you want. And so Jonah started to build in the magnetile world. He built a magnetile museum. And he hung up magnetile pictures and he made seesaws out of magnetiles, and he made swings out of magnetiles. And all of his different inventions, even a bow and arrow used magnets. And as he made this great museum, he always had to worry, because even in that magnetile world, he would hear the noise.

And Jonah worried because the dinosaur told Jonah that that noise was the noise of a giant. A giant that liked to smash magnetile worlds and stomp in puddles and bring people back to the cold, harsh reality of their pedestrian existence. And Jonah told the voice that said that he wanted to stay in the magnetile house for a little bit longer. And Jonah and the dinosaur and his whole family lived happily ever after. The end.