Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Sydney. Sydney loved going on walks with her mom, especially on weekends. One day, while walking with her mom, Sydney had some juice and crackers in her backpack. They came across a swampy river they had never seen before. Sydney told her mom they should go see what's there. Her mom held Sydney's hand, and they walked towards it.

When they reached it, they saw that it was empty. Suddenly, a big straw appeared, reaching into the swampy pond, and slurped up the whole pond. Sydney and her mom saw a giant. The giant was so tall that his knees went up to the clouds, and his shoulders were so high they could almost reach the moon. He slurped up the whole pond by himself.

Sydney told her mom that some sea animals might be stuck because the swampy place was slurped up, and now it was dry. Her mom said, "Sydney, you're right. We should try to save the day." Sydney and her mom walked into the dry area where the lake used to be. When they walked in, they saw a mermaid. The mermaid had a human head, long hair, and a human body, but instead of legs, it looked like a fish. Mermaids are special creatures that can swim underwater and hold their breath, but when they come out of the water, it's hard for them to breathe like we can.

Because there was no water left in the pond, the mermaid told Sydney, "Help me, help me." So Sydney and her mom picked up the mermaid and brought her home. Sydney put the mermaid in her bathtub, and Sydney took a bath with the mermaid. They both felt better.

Well, her mom told Sydney that they should probably take the mermaid to a different lake. The next day, they drove to a swampy river with a big lake at the end. When they got there, they were getting ready to drop off the Little Mermaid. Suddenly, they saw a straw coming from the sky again. Sydney said, "Oh, no, I think it's the giant. He's slurping up all of the water again."

Just as she said that, a manatee came out of the water. Manatees are big sea creatures that look kind of like sea lions and a little bit like whales. They're so big and so fat, and they do not move very fast when they're on land. It was Sydney's first time seeing a manatee in real life. Sydney told her mom, "Mom, that's a manatee, and we should go feed it."

Sydney's mom said, "That manatee looks like it's a very friendly manatee." The mermaid said that the manatee was her friend. The mermaid and the manatee went back into the water, and Sydney watched. As she was watching, she saw that the giant took his straw away, and instead, he made a big splash in the water with his foot. The Little Mermaid and the manatee decided to start playing in the splash because it was fun for them.

As Sydney looked up, she saw that there was an astronaut flying around the giant's head. The astronaut had a big net, which is like a lot of ropes tied together. The astronaut dropped the net on the giant's head and caught the giant. Sydney said, "Yay! Hooray!" The giant got smaller and smaller after it got captured by the magical net. Then the giant became a regular-sized person, and the person said that he was sorry and that he wouldn't drink up any lakes anymore.

Sydney told her mom that she also found some special kind of medicine for mermaids and all kinds of sea animals. She decided that she would give the mermaid this medicine. It made the mermaid small. She asked the Little Mermaid, and the Little Mermaid said she wanted that medicine. Sydney gave her the special medicine, and then she took the Little Mermaid home. The Little Mermaid got to live in real life with Sydney in a fish tank right by her bedroom. Sydney was really happy with that. In her house, she lived happily ever after. The end.