Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Sydney. Sydney used to like to go on walks with her mom, especially on the weekend. One day, Sydney was out walking with her mom, and she had some juice in a backpack and also some crackers. While she was walking with her mom, she saw that there was a swampy river that they had never seen before. She told her mom that they should go see what's there. Her mom held Sydney's hand, and they walked towards it.

When they got towards it, they saw that it was empty. But suddenly there was a big straw that was reaching into that big swampy pond, and the big straw slurped up the whole pond. Sydney and her mom saw a giant. The giant was so high that his knees went up to the clouds, and his shoulders were so high they could almost reach the moon. He slurped up the whole pond by himself.

So Sydney told her mom that some sea animals might be stuck because the whole swampy place was slurped up, and now it was dry. Her mom said, "Sydney, you're right. We should try to save the day." Sydney and her mom walked into the dry part where the lake used to be. When they walked in, they saw a mermaid. The mermaid had a human head, long hair, and a human body, but instead of legs, it looked like a fish. Mermaids are kinds of people that could swim underwater and hold their breath, but when they come out of the water, it's hard for them to breathe like we can.

Because there was no water in the pond left, the mermaid told Sydney, "Help me, help me." So Sydney and her mom picked up the mermaid and brought her home. Sydney put the mermaid in her bathtub, and Sydney took a bath with the mermaid. They both felt better.

Well, her mom told Sydney that they should probably drop the mermaid off in a different lake. The next day, they took a drive to a swampy rivery place that had a big lake at the end of it. When they got there, they were getting ready to drop off the Little Mermaid. Once they got there, they saw a straw come from the sky again. Sydney said, "Oh, no, I think it's the giant. He's slurping up all of the water again."

Just as she said that, a manatee came out of the water. Manatees are big sea creatures that look kind of like sea lions and a little bit like whales. They're so big and so fat, and they do not move very fast when they're walking on the land. It was Sydney's first time seeing a manatee in real life. Sydney told her mom, "Mom, that's a manatee, and we should go feed it."

Sydney's mom said, "That manatee looks like it's a very friendly manatee." The mermaid said that the manatee was her friend. The mermaid and the manatee went back into the water, and Sydney watched. As she was watching, she saw that the giant took his straw away, and instead, he made a big splash in the water with his foot. The Little Mermaid and the manatee decided to start playing in the splash because it was fun for them.

As Sydney looked up, she saw that there was an astronaut flying around the giant's head. The astronaut had a big net, which is like a lot of ropes tied together. The astronaut dropped the net on the giant's head and caught the giant. Sydney said, "Yay! Hooray!" The giant got smaller and smaller after it got captured by the magical net. Then the giant became a regular-sized person, and the person said that he was sorry and that he wouldn't drink up any lakes anymore.

Sydney told her mom that she also found some special kind of medicine for mermaids and all kinds of sea animals. She decided that she would give the mermaid this medicine. It made the mermaid small. She asked the Little Mermaid, and the Little Mermaid said she wanted that medicine. Sydney gave her the special medicine, and then she took the Little Mermaid home. The Little Mermaid got to live in real life with Sydney in a fish tank right by her bedroom. Sydney was really happy with that. In her house, she lived happily ever after. The end.