Welcome back to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. I make up new stories every night without preparing to put my five year old son to bed. And right now, we're ready for today's story. So buckle up, get ready, get set, go. Makeup story time. Begin. So today's story request comes from a big girl named Sydney. And Sydney asked for us to make up a story that includes a mermaid, a cupcake, and a manatee, which is a type of sea animal. And we are also going to add house astronaut mailbox, so we're also going to add a house, an astronaut, and a mailbox to this story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Sydney. And Sydney used to like to go on walks with her mom, especially on the weekend. And one day, Sydney was out walking with her mom, and she had some juice in a backpack and also some crackers. And while she was walking with her mom, she saw that there was a swampy river that they had never seen before. And she told her mom that they should go see what's there. And her mom held Sydney's hand, and they walked towards it. When they got towards it, they saw that it was empty. But suddenly there was a big straw that was reaching into that big swampy pond, and the big straw slurped up the whole pond. And they looked at what was on top of the straw, and Sydney and her mom saw a giant. The giant was so high that his knees went up to the clouds, and his shoulders were so high they could almost reach the moon. And he slurped up the whole pond by himself. So Sydney told her mom that some sea animals might be stuck because the whole swampy place was slurped up, and now it was dry. And her mom said, Sydney, you're right. We should try to save the day. So Sydney and her mom walked into the dry part where the lake used to be. And when they walked in, they saw that there was a mermaid. And the mermaid had a person head, and it was a girl and had long hair, and it had a person body, but instead of legs, it looked like a fishy. And mermaids are kinds of people that could swim underwater, and they could hold their breath, and they could be like a fishy, but when they come out of the water, it's hard for them to breathe like we can. And because there was no water in the pond left, this mermaid told Sydney, help me, help me. So Sydney and her mom picked up the mermaid, and they brought her home. Sydney put the mermaid in her bathtub, and Sydney took a bath with the mermaid, and Sydney and the mermaid felt better. Well, her mom told Sydney that they should probably drop the mermaid off in a different lake. And so the next day, they took a drive to a swampy rivery place that had a big lake at the end of it. And when they got there, they were getting ready to drop off the Little Mermaid. And once they got there, they saw straw come from the sky again. And Sydney said, oh, no, I think it's the giant. And he's slurping up all of the water again. And just as she said that, a manatee came out of the water. Manatees are big sea creatures that look kind of like sea lions and a little bit like whales, and they're so big and so fat, and they do not move very fast when they're walking on the land. And manatees love to be in water. And it was Sydney's first time seeing a manatee in real life. So Sydney told her mom, mom, that's a manatee, and we should go feed it. Well, Sydney's mom told Sydney, that manatee looks like it's a very friendly manatee. And the mermaid said that that manatee was her friend. So the mermaid and the manatee went back into the water, and Sydney watched out. As she was watching, she saw that the giant took his straw away, and instead of doing that, he made a big splash in the water with his foot. And just as the giant made that splash in the water with his foot, the Little Mermaid and the manatee decided to start playing in the splash because it was fun for them. And as Sydney looked up, she saw that there was an astronaut flying around the giant's head. And the astronaut had a big, big net, which is like a lot of ropes tied together. And the astronaut dropped the net on the giant's head and caught the giant. And Sydney said yay. Yay hooray. And the giant got smaller and smaller and smaller after it got captured by the magical net. And then the giant became a regular sized person, and the person said that he's sorry and that he wouldn't drink up any lakes anymore. And Sydney told her mom that she also found some special kind of medicine for mermaids and for all kinds of sea animals. And she decided that she would give the mermaid this medicine. And what it did is it made mermaid small. So she asked the Little Mermaid, and the Little Mermaid said she wanted that medicine. And then Sydney gave her the special kind of medicine, and then she took the Little Mermaid home. And the Little Mermaid got to live in real life with Sydney in a fish tank right by her bedroom. And Sydney was really happy with that. So in her house, she lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of this story. I'm going to make up a new story for you tomorrow. It's going to be a good story. Remember to tell your parents that you want to listen to the Makeup Stories podcast tomorrow. The way you tell your parents is you say I want to listen to more makeup stories. Then you will get to listen to another story tomorrow. You should also tell your friends to listen to makeup stories. Listen again tomorrow.