Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Jonah. Jonah was five years old, and he was the best hiker in the whole world for a five-year-old. Jonah was such a good hiker that he could hike up a mountain all by himself. When he reached the top, he would have a snack break. The snack break was sometimes gummy bears, sometimes graham crackers, and sometimes fruit, like a banana or an apple. Jonah usually shared this with his little brother named Jesse. Jesse was not as good of a hiker as Jonah because Jesse was only two years old.

Well, Jonah would sometimes see animals on his hike. For example, sometimes he saw a deer passing by, sometimes he saw rabbits jumping in the grass, and sometimes he even saw a mountain lion. One day, Jonah told his dad that because he was the best hiker of all the five-year-olds in the world, he thought they should hike up a volcano. Jonah told his parents that he wanted to go hiking on a volcano, and his parents asked if he was sure he was ready for that. Jonah said that they were not going to do it on a volcano that was going to explode and had lava on it, but on an old volcano that had not exploded in a long time, and a grown-up would check first. His parents agreed.

The next day, they prepared an adventure and started walking sneakily but quickly, like a ninja, through some trees, past some tall grass, and even past some cows that they saw on the way. The cows said, "Moo," all the way to the volcano. When they got close to the volcano, they saw that there were a lot of black rocks and there were no trees. Jonah told his parents that there were no trees there because the volcano's lava made them go away a long time ago. They got even closer to the volcano, and Jonah told his parents that before they got to the volcano top, they should make a kite out of leaves.

Jonah found some trees that had such big leaves, almost as big as a person. He put the leaves on top of each other and got some glue out of his backpack and glued the leaves together. After he glued them together, he got some scissors from his backpack and started cutting the leaves into the shape of a kite. Once he was done cutting, he attached a string to it, which was like dental floss. Dental floss is a type of little string that grown-ups sometimes use to clean their teeth at night, and you can also use it as kite string.

Well, Jonah had finished making his special kite out of leaves, and he got all the way to the top of the volcano. It was getting windy, so he told his parents it was time to fly his leaf kite. His parents agreed, and Jonah said, "Ready the dumbbellore." His parents said, "The dumbbellore is ready." Then Jonah said, "Okay, the kite is going to fly." He let go of the kite, and the wind caught it in the air, and it started going higher and higher and higher.

Jonah did not realize how much string he had, and eventually, the kite got so high that he ran out of string. Normally, kites can go as high as trees, maybe as tall as a building, but this kite went on top of the clouds all the way past the moon to outer space. The kite went so far that it went to a different planet named Gahum. Once it got to Gahum, there was an alien that lived there. The alien had eyes on its belly button and a mouth where its hands were, so it could gobble things with its mouth. The alien's name was Humballah, and Humballah loved kites too.

Humballah jumped on the kite, and back on Earth, on top of the volcano, Jonah felt something pulling on his kite. He started bringing the rope back down, and he had to pull the rope for so long until the kite came back down from the other planet. When the kite finally got to Earth, Jonah saw that there was an alien on it. The alien came all the way down to Earth on top of the volcano, and Jonah asked the alien what its name was. The alien did not want to say its real name, so the alien said, "Miguel." Jonah asked what that meant, and the alien said, "Minga wanga DA ga docano." Jonah said he did not understand what the alien was saying, and then Jonah's dad said he thought the alien said "volcano." Jonah asked the alien if it had said "volcano," and the alien said, "Mingo, we explode." Jonah asked if the alien had just said the volcano was going to explode, and the alien said yes.

The alien made its wings come out and used its special turbo rocket pack. It told Jonah, Jesse, and their parents that they could go on top of the alien for a ride away from the volcano. They hopped onto the alien's rocket pack, and the alien boosted them away from the volcano to a faraway place. Jonah asked the alien how it knew that the volcano was going to erupt, and the alien said "pressure." Jonah asked if the alien knew the volcano was going to explode because it felt the pressure, and the alien said yes.

Jonah told his parents that the alien had a special kind of eye on its belly button where it could tell inside a volcano if it was going to explode, and the alien told Jonah that he was right. Jonah was really happy that the alien had come there to save him, but he did not know what other people would think about the alien because it did not look like a person. People do not have eyes on their belly buttons, and they do not have mouths on their hands. This alien was also really silly because it had legs all around its body, and if it wanted to walk, it did a cartwheel with all of its legs and walked almost like a circle going about.

Jonah told the alien that they could be friends, but the alien said it had to go back to its house. Jonah asked how the alien could say that regularly, and the alien said, "Me. No. I have to go by house." The alien told Jonah that it could learn how to speak English because aliens could learn how to talk languages really quickly. Jonah let the alien go back on the kite, and the kite started going in the air. It went higher above the clouds and even went on top of the moon all the way back to the alien's planet and dropped the alien off.

The alien got back home, and Jonah asked his parents how the tummy of the alien, which had that special kind of eye, knew the pressure. His parents said that the eye the alien had probably was not like a person's eye or an animal's eye, but a special kind of eye that had an instrument in it that could see if it was pushing a lot because when there was pressure, there was a lot of pushing inside a volcano, and that was how it knew. Jonah asked his parents why people could not have that, and his parents said that maybe he had to invent it.

Jonah went back home to his house and decided to try to invent a kind of eye that could see inside volcanoes and see if there was a lot of pressure. He started working on that as a project, and all of his friends came by to help him until Jonah invented a new kind of device that you could put next to volcanoes to feel inside if there was a lot of pressure and if it might explode. From that day forward, Jonah was able to help predict volcanoes. That is, he was able to tell people when it might happen across the world because they used his special kind of eye, which he learned about from the alien. Jonah and his family lived happily ever after. The end.