Welcome back to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. My name is Steve. I make up new stories every night without preparing to put my five year old son to bed. You should listen to another story tomorrow. But right now, we're ready for today's story. So get ready. Get tucked in. Makeup story time. Begin. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Jonah. Jonah was five years old, and he was the best hiker in the whole world for a five year old. Jonah was such a good hiker for a five year old that he was able to hike up a mountain all by himself. When he would get to the top, he would have a snack break. And the snack break was sometimes gummy bears. Sometimes it was graham crackers. Sometimes there was some fruit, like a banana or an apple. And Jonah usually shared this with his little brother named Jesse. Jesse was not as good of a hiker as Jonah because Jesse was only two years old. Well, Jonah would sometimes see animals on his hike. Like, for example, sometimes he saw a deer passing by. Sometimes he saw rabbits jumping by in the grass. Sometimes he even saw a mountain lion. Well, one day, Jonah told his dad, dad, because I'm the best hiker of all the five year olds in the world, I think one day we should hike up a volcano. How do we know that he's the best five year old? I'm just making it up. I'm just saying that well, one day, Jonah told his parents that he wants to go hiking on a volcano. And his parents said, Are you sure you're ready for that? And Jonah said, yeah, we're not going to do it on a volcano that's going to explode and has lava on it. We're going to do it on an old volcano that hasn't exploded in a long time, and a grown up will check first. And his parents said, okay. The next day, they prepared an adventure. And they started walking sneakily, but quickly, like a ninja, through some trees, past some tall grass, even past some cows that they saw on the way. And the cows said, Moo, all the way to the volcano. When they got close to the volcano, they saw that there were a lot of black rocks and there were no trees. And Jonah told his parents that there were no trees there because the volcano's lava made them go away. A long time ago, they got even closer to the volcano, and Jonah told his parents that before they get to the volcano top, they should make a kite out of leaves. And so Jonah found some trees that had such big leaves. The leaves are almost as big as a person. And he put the leaves on top of each other and got some glue out of his backpack and glued the leaves together. After he glued them together. He got some scissors from his backpack, and he started cutting the leaves into the shape of a kite. Well, once he was done cutting, he attached a string to it, which was like dental floss. Dental floss is a type of little string that grownups sometimes use to clean their teeth at night. And you can also use it as kite string. Well, Jonah had finished making his special kite out of leaves, and he got all the way to the top of the volcano. And it was getting windy, so he told his parents, it's time to fly his leaf kite. And his parents said, okay. And Jonah said, readying the dumbbellore. And his parents said, the dumbbellore is ready. And then Jonah said, okay, the kite is going to fly. And he let go of the kite, and the wind caught it in the air, and it started going higher and higher and higher. Well, Jonah didn't realize how much string he had, and eventually the kite got so high that he ran out of string. Normally, kites can go as high as, like trees, maybe as tall as a building. But this kite went on top of the clouds all the way past the moon to outer space. The kite went so far, it went to a different planet named Gahum. And once it got to Gahum, there was an alien that lived there. And aliens are creatures that live on different planets. And the alien had eyes on its belly button, and the alien also had a mouth where its hands were so it could gobble things with its mouth. And the alien's name was Humballah. And Humballah, the alien loved kites also. So Humballah jumped on the kite, and then back on Earth, on top of the volcano, jonah felt something pulling on his kite, so he started bringing the rope back down, and he had to pull the rope for so long until the kite came back down from the other planet. And when the kite finally got to Earth, jonah saw that there was an alien on it. And the alien came all the way down to Earth on top of the volcano. And Jonah said to the alien, what is your name? And the alien didn't want to say about his real name. And so the alien said, Miguel. And Jonah said, what does that mean? And the alien said, Minga wanga DA ga docano. And Jonah said, I don't understand what you're saying. And then Jonah's dad said, I think he said volcano. And Jonah said to the alien, did you say volcano? And the alien said, Mingo, we explode. And Jonah said, did you just say the volcano is going to explode? And the alien said yes. And the alien made its wings come out, and it used its special turbo rocket pack. And it said to Jonah and Jesse and his dadda and mama that they could go on top of the alien for a ride away from the volcano, and they hopped onto the alien's rocket pack, and the alien boosted them away from the volcano to a far away place. And then Jonah asked the alien, how did you know that the volcano was going to erupt? And the alien said pressure. And Jonah said, did you just say that you know the volcano is going to explode because you felt the pressure? And the alien said yes. And so Jonah told his parents that the alien had a special kind of eye on its belly button where it could tell inside a volcano if it was going to explode. And the alien told Jonah that he was right. Well, Jonah was really happy that the alien had come there to save him, and he didn't know what other people would think about the alien because it didn't look like a person, because people don't have eyes on their belly buttons, and they don't have mouths on their hands. And this alien was also really silly because it had legs all around its body, and if it wanted to walk, it did kind of a cartwheel with all of its legs and walked almost like a circle going about. And so Jonah told the alien that they could be friends. But the alien said, I have to go back to my house. And Jonah said, how did you say that? Regular? And the alien said, me. No. I have to go by house. And the alien told him that he could learn how to speak English because aliens could learn how to talk languages really quickly. And Jonah let the alien go back on the kite, and the kite started going in the air, and it went higher above the clouds, and it even went on top of the moon all the way back to the alien's planet and dropped the alien off. Well, the alien got back home. How? Pressure. And after the alien got home, jonah asked his parents, how would the tummy of the alien, which had that special kind of eye, know the pressure? And his parents said, well, the eye that the alien had probably isn't like a person eye or an animal eye. It's probably a special kind of eye that has, like, an instrument in it that could see if it's pushing a lot, because when there's pressure, there's a lot of pushing inside a volcano, and then that's how it knows. And Jonah told his parents, well, why can't people have that? And his parents said, Maybe you have to invent it. And so Jonah went back home to his house and decided to try to invent a kind of eye that could see in volcanoes and see if there's a lot of pressure. And he started working that on that as a project. And all of his friends came by to help him until Jonah invented a new kind of device that you could put next to volcanoes to feel inside if there's a lot of pressure and if it might explode. And from that day forward, Jonah was able to help predict volcanoes. That is, he was able to tell people when it might happen across the world because they used his special kind of eye, which he learned about from the alien. And Jonah and his family lives happily ever after. The end. That's the end of this story. I'm going to make up a new story for you tomorrow. It's going to be a good story. Remember to tell your parents that you want to listen to the Makeup Stories podcast tomorrow. The way you tell your parents is you say, I want to listen to more makeup stories. Then you will get to listen to another story tomorrow. You should also tell your friends to listen to makeup stories. Listen again tomorrow.