Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Jonah. Jonah was walking on a trail, happily skipping along. As he was skipping, he tripped and fell down. When he fell, he scraped his knee on a rock, and there was a little bit of blood. Jonah started to cry.

Jonah's mom came over and asked, "Jonah, what happened?" Jonah didn't say anything; instead, he just kept crying and held his knee where he got a scrape. Jonah's mom asked, "Jonah, can I see the scrape? Please?" But Jonah didn't want to take his hand off his knee because it hurt so much, and he was afraid to see the blood under it.

Jonah's mom said, "Come on, Jonah, I need to see if it's bleeding." When Jonah finally took his hand off, his mom looked at his knee, and instead of seeing blood, she saw some wires. Jonah's hand was off his knee, and his mom said, "Jonah, look at your knee." He looked at his knee, and he saw there wasn't regular red blood. Instead, there were some loose wires, and one of the wires was the one that got scraped. Jonah didn't know why there were wires, and he asked, "Mom, what do you think is happening to my knee, and why are there wires?"

Jonah's mom said she wasn't sure but that they should go to a doctor. So Jonah's mom picked him up, and they walked the rest of the way back to the car. When they got in the car, Jonah went in the car seat, and they went straight to the doctor. The doctor said that they had to go first, even though there were a lot of people waiting in the waiting room. The doctor asked Jonah to roll up his pants. Jonah rolled up his pants, and the doctor put on some special glasses. The doctor looked at Jonah's knee and saw green and red wires coming out.

The doctor told Jonah that part of him had turned into a robot and that instead of veins carrying blood, somehow they'd been replaced by wires. Jonah said he was pretty sure that he was just a regular person and not a robot. But the doctor told Jonah to look in the mirror. When Jonah looked in the mirror, he saw that his fingernails had also turned into metal. Jonah also saw when he opened his mouth and said, "Ah," that instead of having a regular tongue in his mouth, it was a red piece of paper. Jonah also lifted up his shirt to see his belly button, but instead of the belly button, there was just a keyhole.

Jonah said to the doctor that he didn't feel like a robot; he still felt like a regular person. The doctor told Jonah that sometimes robots just feel like regular people, and they don't even know that they're robots. So if you walk around the street and you see somebody who seems like they might be a robot or might be a person, then that's a good time to ask a parent if it's a real robot or person.

The doctor told Jonah that if he just slept that night, then maybe he would wake up and he would be a person again. Jonah didn't really think that was such a good idea, but there was no medicine that he could take. So Jonah's mom drove him home. When he got home, he didn't want to eat anything; he didn't even want dinner. All he wanted to do was go to sleep so he could wake up the next day and be a person again.

When Jonah went to sleep that night, he had no regular dreams. Instead, while he was dreaming, he just thought that he was playing chess against himself. The pieces on the chess game were moving very quickly. When Jonah woke up, the chess game was over. But the ceiling that he was looking at had lots of lights that were all over the ceiling, and the lights were going on and off all over. He got out of bed and opened the door. When he opened the door to his bedroom, he saw that outside of his door there was a river. The river outside of his door was made of orange juice.

He went outside and walked through the orange juice river until he finally got to his mom's room. When he got to his mom's room, he saw that his mom was also a robot. He looked on his dad's side of the bed, and he opened up the blanket that his dad used to sleep under. Under the blanket, there was a little itty bitty ladybug, and the ladybug was able to talk. The ladybug had wire legs, and it didn't have regular wings. The ladybug said that it used to be Jonah's dad. Jonah asked if this was the real world, and the ladybug that was Jonah's dad said he wasn't sure.

So Jonah decided to look out the window. When he looked out of the window, all he could see were balloons flying up into the air. He wasn't sure if this was still a robot dream or if he was really awake. So he decided there was only one thing he could do. He said, "Well, if I'm asleep, then I should look at my knee. If I can see my knee and there's blood, it means I'm a person. If I see it and there's wires, then it means I'm having a robot dream." Jonah looked at his knee, and he saw that his knee didn't have any wires anymore, but it also didn't have any blood. His knee was now see-through, and he could put his hand right to one side of his leg and all the way to the other side of the leg.

Jonah really wasn't sure what was going on, so he decided that he would walk right into a mirror. There was a big mirror in his living room. When he got closer, he saw his reflection, and his face was upside down. He walked right into the mirror. When he got inside of the mirror, he was in a world that was all twisty and turny, and everything was turning around so fast. Jonah was going in circles and circles and circles until finally, he turned into a ladybug. When he was a ladybug, he went back to his dad and asked if that's what happened to him also. His dad said that he used to be a robot and then turned into a ladybug. Jonah asked how they could get to be people again.

Jonah's dad, the ladybug, said that they should look at their belly buttons, which had the keyholes. Jonah knew that they had to find a key that would make them regular again, and they wanted to know where they could find the key. So Jonah and his dad decided that they would go along the orange juice river in the hallway because if they followed it down the different streams, then that could be like a map. One of the streams had to be leading to the yellow-orange key. The yellow and orange key was yellow on one side and orange on the other side.

They followed the streams down until they got to the front door of their house. On the front door of the house, the orange juice led to a big orange juice waterfall that fell out of the sky. Jonah was afraid to jump off of it, but his dad reminded Jonah that they were ladybugs. So they both jumped off and flew to the bottom of the orange juice waterfall. When they got to the bottom, they could see two little keys that had pictures of ladybugs. They put the keys in their little belly buttons, and they turned into people again.

When they turned into people, they got out of a mirror and went right back to their regular houses. Jonah, when he was in his regular house, looked down at his knee and saw that he couldn't put his hand through it anymore and that there were no wires and that it was just a regular knee. He even saw that there was a cut in it. When Jonah touched the cut, he could feel that there was a teensy bit of blood. He looked up and saw that he was still on the trail and had just fallen down and got a boo-boo. Jonah and his family lived happily ever after. The end.