Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup. Starry eve. My name is AV. Go to makeupstaries.com and join our club. Thank you. Nayo I O once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Jonah. And Jonah was walking around on a trail, and he was skipping a little bit, and as he was skipping, he fell down. And when he fell down, he scraped his knee on a rock and there was a little bit of blood. And Jonah started to cry. And Jonah's mom came over and said, Jonah, what happened? And Jonah didn't say, what. Instead he just kept crying, and he put his hand on top of his knee where he got a scrape. Well, Jonah's mom said jonah, can I see the scrape? Please? Please? But Jonah didn't really want to take his hand off of his knee because it hurt so much, and he was afraid that he would see blood under it. Well, Jonah's mom said, Come on, Jonah, I need to see if it's bleeding. And when Jonah finally took his hand off, his mom looked in his knee, and instead of seeing blood, she saw some wires. And Jonah's hand was off of his knee. And his mom said, Jonah, look at your knee. And he looked in his knee, and he saw there wasn't regular red blood. Instead, there were some wires that were kind of loose, and one of the wires was the one that got scraped. And Jonah didn't know why there were wires. And he said, mom, what do you think is happening to my knee and why is there wires? And Jonah's mom said she wasn't sure but that they should go to a doctor. So Jonah's mom picked him up and they walked the rest of the way back to the car. When they got in the car, Jonah went in the car seat, and they went straight to the doctor. The doctor said that they had to go first, even though there were a lot of people waiting in the waiting room. And the doctor asked Jonah to roll up his pants. And Jonah rolled up his pants, and the doctor put on some special glasses. And the doctor looked under Jonah's pants where his knee was, and the doctor saw that there were green and red wires that were coming out. And the doctor told Jonah that part of Jonah had turned into a robot and that instead of veins carrying blood, somehow they'd been replaced by wires. And Jonah said he was pretty sure that he was just a regular person and not a robot. But the doctor told Jonah to look in the mirror. And when Jonah looked in the mirror, he saw that his fingernails also turned into metal. And Jonah also saw when he opened his mouth and said, Ah, that instead of having a regular tongue in his mouth, it was a red piece of paper. And Jonah also lifted up his shirt to see his belly button, but instead of the belly button, there was just like a keyhole. And Jonah said to the doctors that he didn't feel like a robot. He still felt like a regular person. And the doctor told Jonah that sometimes robots just feel like regular people, and they don't even know that they're robots. So if you walk around the street and you see somebody who seems like they might be a robot or might be a person, then that's a good time to ask a parent if it's a real robot or person. Well, the doctor told Jonah that if he just slept that night, then maybe he would wake up and he would be a person again. Jonah didn't really think that was such a good idea, but there was no medicine that he could take. So Jonah's mom drove him home. And when he got home, he didn't want to eat anything. He didn't even want dinner. All he wanted to do was to go to sleep so he could wake up the next day and be a person again. When Jonah went to sleep that night, he had no regular dreams. Instead, while he was dreaming, he just thought that he was like playing chess against himself. And the pieces on the chess game were moving very quickly. And when Jonah woke up, the chess game was over. But the ceiling that he was looking at had lots of lights that were all over the ceiling, and the lights were going on and off all over. And then he got out of bed and he opened the door. And when he opened the door to his bedroom, he saw that outside of his door there was a river. And the river outside of his door was made of orange juice. He got outside and he walked through the orange juice river until he finally got to his mom's room. And when he got to his mom's room, he saw that his mom was also a robot. And so he looked on his dad's side of the bed, and he opened up the blanket that his dad used to sleep under. And under the blanket, there was a little itty bitty ladybug, and the ladybug was able to talk, and the ladybug had, like, wire legs, and it didn't have regular wings. And the ladybug said that it used to be Jonah's dad. And Jonah asked if this was the real world, and the ladybug that was Jonah's dad said he wasn't sure. So Jonah decided to look out the window. And when he looked out of the window, all he could see were balloons flying up into the air. And he wasn't sure if this was still like a robot dream or if he was really awake. So he decided there was only one thing he could do. He said, well, if I'm asleep, then I should look at my knee. And if I could see my knee and there's blood, it means I'm a person. And if I see it and there's wires, then it means I'm having a robot dream. And Jonah looked at his knee, and he saw that his knee didn't have any wires anymore, but it also didn't have any blood. His knee was now see through, and he could put his hand right to one side of his leg and all the way to the other side of the leg. Jonah really wasn't sure what was going on, and so he decided that he would walk right into a mirror. And there was a big mirror in his living room. When he got closer, he saw his reflection, and his face was upside down. He walked right into the mirror. And when he got inside of the mirror, he was in a world that was all twisty and turny, and everything was turning around so fast. And Jonah was going in circles and circles and circles until finally he turned into a ladybug. And when he was a ladybug, he went back to his dad and asked if that's what happened to him also. And his dad said that he used to be a robot. And then he turned into a ladybug. And Jonah asked how they could get to be people again. And Jonah's dad, the ladybug, said that they should look at their belly buttons, which had the keyholes. And Jonah knew that they had to find a key that would make them regular again, and they wanted to know where they could find the key. So Jonah and his dad decided that they would go along the orange juice river in the hallway, because if they followed it down the different streams, then that could be like a map. And one of the streams had to be leading to the yellow orange key. And the yellow and orange key was yellow on one side and orange on the other side. So they followed the streams down until they got to the front door of their house. On the front door of the house, the orange juice led to a big orange juice waterfall that fell out of the sky, and Jonah was afraid to jump off of it, but his dad reminded Jonah that they were ladybugs. So they both jumped off and they flew to the bottom of the orange juice waterfall. And when they got to the bottom, they could see two little keys that had pictures of ladybugs. They put the keys in their little belly buttons, and they turned into people again. When they turned into people, they got out of a mirror and went right back to their regular houses. And Jonah, when he was in his regular house, he looked down at his knee and he saw that he couldn't put his hand through it anymore and that there were no wires and that it was just a regular knee. He even saw that there was a cut in it. And when Jonah touched the cut, he could feel that there was a teensy bit of blood. And then he looked up and he saw that he was still on the trail and he had just fallen down and just got a boo boo. And Jonah and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. This is the best club ever. Tell your friends.