Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two sisters named Chloe and Emma. One day, Chloe and Emma woke up and found their pillows at the bottom of their beds and the covers on top. Instead of putting on shoes, they decided to put socks on their hands and shoes on their hands too. They put mittens on their feet and decided to go on an adventure to Silly Land. Silly Land was a secret place that not many grownups knew about. To get there, you had to go down the street, past where the garbage trucks went, and then behind a secret building, there was a big tall wall. It was so tall that not even giants could go over it. But Chloe and Emma knew there was a secret tunnel to get under that giant wall. They went through the tunnel and arrived in Silly Land.

In Silly Land, everything was upside down. The sky was under the ground, and the ocean was in the sky. Everyone stood on their hands and walked with their hands. They used their feet to open up doors and stuff. When they got to Silly Land, Chloe and Emma saw lots of people doing silly things. First, they decided they were hungry, so they went to the silly restaurant. The silly restaurant in Silly Land was really silly because the popsicles were hot even when they were supposed to be cold. In Silly Land, people made soup out of sand and rocks, and it tasted like cake when you ate the soup. That's so silly! In Silly Land, kids would sometimes push their parents in strollers because kids were so big, and parents were so small. Chloe and Emma saw some butterflies while walking around Silly Land. The butterflies were really big, as big as airplanes! But these butterflies were special, silly butterflies because they could swim in water.

Chloe and Emma were taking a nice stroll in Silly Land when they realized it was getting late, and they would need to go to sleep in Silly Land. Luckily, their mama was with them, and she was eating an apple. Their mama told them it was time to brush their teeth. But in Silly Land, toothpaste wasn't regular. In Silly Land, you brushed your teeth by putting toothpaste on your hair. Now, this is not something you should do in real life, but in Silly Land, it's kind of funny. Chloe and Emma put toothpaste all over their hair. Silly Land was also really silly because swings went upside down. You got to swing on top, and you were strapped in, so you didn't fall down, and you went swing, swing, swing. When you were all done, you pushed a button, and a ladder came out. The ladder was upside down, and in Silly Land, where everything was upside down, you climbed down the ladder backward with your hands, even if you had shoes on your hands.

Chloe and Emma were having lots of fun in Silly Land, but they decided they wanted to go back home because maybe their friends missed them. As they were heading back home, they saw a person who could turn his head all the way around like an owl. The person said, "Look, I have a special trick." Chloe and Emma watched as this person turned their head around and around three whole times. After they did that, Chloe and Emma thought it was silly because he also stuck out his tongue and said, "Bleh!" They thought that was silly. Maybe he was distracting them and not turning his head all the way around, but we don't know because we weren't there. Chloe and Emma decided to go towards the tunnel, where they got to Silly Land. When they got to the tunnel to go under the big wall that was so tall that giants couldn't get over it, they saw a big giant. Some giants say "Fee-fi-fo-fum" and could be kind of scary, but this was the silliest giant because this giant was really a teddy bear, but it was alive, and it wasn't a regular teddy bear size. It was a teddy bear giant size that went all the way up through the clouds. The teddy bear giant said, "Fee-fi-fo-fum!" But this wall went past the sun. This wall was so high; it went all the way to outer space.

The teddy bear giant told Chloe and Emma that he was sad because he had a silly idea to climb over the mountain. But teddy bears can't climb over walls. Chloe and Emma asked if he wanted to fit under the tunnel, and the giant said, "But I might be too big because I'm a big, big teddy bear." Chloe and Emma said maybe they could try to see if there's a button that made the tunnel bigger. When they got to the tunnel, they found that there was indeed a yellow button. When they pressed the yellow button, a sound in the tunnel started saying, "Bloop, bleep, bloop, blip, blip, blip, blip, blip, blip, bloop, bloop, bloop, bloop, blip, blip, blip, blip, blip, bloop, bloop." The tunnel started to get bigger. It got so big that the tunnel was bigger than a house. The teddy bear giant tried to squeeze in the tunnel, but he was still too big. Chloe and Emma realized they needed another silly idea. Luckily for them, right in the ceiling, which was on the floor because things are upside down in Silly Land, they found Silly Putty. The Silly Putty was special because when you put this kind of Silly Putty on a tunnel, it made the tunnel even bigger. They put the Silly Putty on, and it made the tunnel wall softer, and then it helped make it easier to get bigger. The teddy bear giant was able to get out. Chloe and Emma got out of Silly Land.

After they got out of Silly Land, Chloe and Emma decided they would tell all their friends about their adventure in Silly Land. They told their friends, and their friends said that was so special and that they wanted to go with them to Silly Land one day. Chloe and Emma said, "And there were people who put toothpaste in their hair in Silly Land." Some of Chloe and Emma's friends didn't believe them. But they weren't tricking. It was really true. Chloe and Emma lived happily ever after. The end.