Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime rumpus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from two listeners named Chloe and Emma, who are sisters. Chloe is five years old and Emma is one year old. And they asked for a silly story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two sisters whose names were Chloe and Emma. And Chloe and Emma woke up one day and their pillow was on the bottom of their bed and the COVID was on the top. And after they took their blanket off, instead of putting shoes on, they decided to put socks on their hands and shoes on their hands. And what they put is mittens on their feet. They decided that that day they were going to go to an adventure, to Silly Land. And Silly Land was in a place that not a lot of grownups knew about. You had to go down the street, past where the garbage trucks went, and then behind a secret building, there was a big tall wall. It was so tall that not even giants could go over it. But Chloe and Emma knew that there was a secret tunnel to get under that giant wall. And Chloe and Emma went under the tunnel to go under the giant wall. And when they got to the other side, they came to Silly Land. In silly land. Everything was upside down. The sky was under the ground and the ocean was in the sky. Everybody stood on they walked with their hands. They stood on their hands and they used their feet to open up doorknobs and stuff. And when they got to Silly Land, chloe and Emma saw a lot of people doing such silly things. First they decided that they were hungry. So they went to the silly restaurant. The silly restaurant in Silly Land was really silly because were the popsicles ice cream? The popsicles were hot even when they're supposed to be cold. And in Silly Land, people made soup out of sand and rocks. Yeah, and it tasted like cake when you ate soup. That's so silly. And in Silly Land, kids would sometimes push their parents in strollers. And kids were so big, and parents were so small. And Chloe was walking with Emma around Silly Land when she saw some butterflies. The butterflies were really big. They were like as big as airplanes. But these butterflies were special, silly butterflies, because the butterflies were able to swim in water. And Chloe and Emma were going around it sounds like you I was going to laugh because the sound of you sipping you sipping silly. So Chloe and Emma were taking a nice stroll down Silly Land when suddenly they realized that it was getting late and that they would need to go to sleep in Silly Land. So luckily for them, their mama was with them and their mama was eating an apple as they were in Silly Land. And their mama told them that it's time to brush their teeth. But in silly land, toothpaste wasn't regular. In Silly Land, the way you brushed your teeth is you put toothpaste on your hair. Now, this is not something you should do in real life, but in makeups, it's kind of funny. And so Chloe and Emma put toothpaste all over their hair. And Silly Land is also really silly, because the way swings work is they went upside down. You got to swing on top, and you were strapped in, so you didn't fall down, and you went swing, swing, swing. And then when you were all done, you pushed a button, and you could get back down. Was the button just a button that just shooted out a ladder? Yes, exactly. When you pressed the button on the top of the swing, it shooted out a ladder. And the ladder was upside down. And because Silly Land was everything upside down, you climbed down the ladder backwards with your hands, even if you had shoes on your hands. Well, Chloe and Emma were having a lot of fun in Silly land, but they decided they wanted to go back home because maybe their friends missed them. And so Chloe and Emma started heading back home. And as they were heading back home, they saw a person who could turn his head all the way around like an owl. And the person said, look, I have a special trick. And Chloe and Emma watched as this person turned their head around and around three whole times. And after they did that, Chloe and Emma said that was silly, because he also stuck out his tongue and said, and they thought that was silly. Well, he just distracted them and doing this. Yeah, maybe he was distracting them and not turning his head all the way around, but we don't know because we weren't there. And so Chloe and Emma decided to go towards the tunnel, where they got to Silly Land. And when they got to the tunnel to go under the big wall that was so tall that giants couldn't get over it, they saw a big giant. Now, some giants say phi five foe thumb and could be kind of scary, but this was the silliest giant, because this giant was really a Teddy bear, but it was alive, and it wasn't a regular Teddy bear size. It was a teddy bear giant size that went all the way up through the clouds. And the teddy bear giant said, but this wall went past the sun. But this wall was so high, it went all the way to outer space. And the Teddy bear giant told Chloe and Emma that he was sad because he had a silly idea to climb over the mountain. But Teddy bears can't climb over the wall. But Teddy bears can't climb over walls. And so Chloe and Emma asked if he wanted to fit under the tunnel, and the giant said, but I might be too big because I'm a big, big Teddy bear. And Chloe and Emma said maybe they could try to see if there's a button that made the tunnel bigger. And when they got to the tunnel, they found that there was indeed a yellow button. And when they pressed the yellow button, a sound in the tunnel started saying, bloop, bleep, bloop, blip, blip, blip, blip, blip, blip, bloop, bloop, bloop, bloop, blip, blip, blip, blip, blip, bloop bloop. And the tunnel started to get bigger. It got so big that the tunnel was bigger than a house. And then the teddy bear giant tried to squeeze in the tunnel, but he was still too big. So Chloe and Emma realized they needed another silly idea. Luckily for them, right in the ceiling, which was on the floor because things are upside down in Silly Land, they found no, they found Silly Putty. And the Silly Putty was special because when you put this kind of silly Putty on a tunnel, it made the tunnel even bigger. And so they put the Silly Putty on. It made the tunnel wall softer, and then it helped make it easier to get bigger. And then the Teddy bear giant was able to get out. And Chloe and Emma got out of silly land. After they got out of Sillyland, chloe and Emma decided they would tell all their friends about their adventure in Silly Land. They told their friends, and their friends said that was so special and that they wanted to go with them to Silly Land one day. And Chloe and Emma said and there were people who put toothpaste in their hair in Silly Land. And some of Chloe and Emma's friends didn't believe them. But they weren't tricking. It was really true. And Chloe and Emma lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.