This is Willie. Welcome to makeup stories. Hi. My name is Willow. I am six years old, and I live in Adelaide, Tough, Australia. I would puff up a story about Star kingdom, a fairy, and a puppy. Thanks. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a six year old girl who lives in Adelaide, South Australia, and whose name is Willow. And Willow asked for us to make up a story that includes a star kingdom, a fairy, and a puppy. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six year old girl whose name is Willow. Willow did not live in a regular house like all of her friends. Willow's house in Adelaide, South Australia, was shaped like a big, giant boot. It was an old giant boot from a long time ago in the days when there were dinosaurs. And the giant was walking around South Australia, and it left one of its boots in Adelaide. And over the years, well, after the giant died, people decided to use that boot to make a house. Because a giant's boot is so big, it's about as big as a regular person's house. That's how big a giant's foot is. So construction workers turned the giant boots into a house, and they built windows in the boots, and they built a front door right at the front of the boot, and they built bedrooms, and they even built a tree house on the top of the boot because there was a tree growing inside the boot. And sometimes Willow decided not to go out of the front door of the boot, but to climb up the tree in the boot house that she lived in and then to take a rope down from the side of the boot and go, we. It was a lot of fun. Well, Willow decided to go live. Well, there are no giants that are alive these days, but this was a long time ago, like in the days that there were dinosaurs. But Willow decided that she wanted to find if she could find any giant footprints near her house in Adelaide, South Australia household. She lives in a giant foot. Yes, she lived in a giant boot. And so maybe if the giant lost its boot a long time ago, it would have been using one boot and stepping with its regular toes with the other boot, and you can see some giant footprints. So Willow told her mom and dad that they had to drive around in a power wheels car in Adelaide, South Australia. Why does it power wheels? Because it was a special kind of power wheels that could go over a lot of grass and stuff, and regular cars aren't supposed to drive on grassy hills and parks. But Willow decided to look for the giant's footprint in different parks. And she kept looking and looking, and she brought a magnifying glass and a telescope, and she brought a microscope, and Willow even made maps. One day, Willow got very lucky because she saw that there were three froggies that were hopping through the froggy forest. And they went hop, hop, hop all the way until they got to a little pond. Willow followed them to the little pond, driving her power wheels, jeep. And Willow's mom and Willow's dad came to when Willow and her parents got to the pond, they saw that it was a very special pond, because most ponds just have the sky on top of them, and there's no roof to the pond. But the pond that Willow went to had a black roof that you couldn't see the sky from. And so Willow was I don't know. Somebody must yeah, it was so high up, it went higher than the trees. That means it must have been that giant. And so Willow was curious if this was a clue for the giant. And just as she was curious, she looked at where the three froggies jumped. And do you know what they jumped in? What? They jumped in what was the giant's other humongous footprint. And Willow told her parents, I found it. I found it. Yes. We're so happy. And Willow's parents said we should report this discovery to all of the newspapers and all of the TV stations and send a text message to everyone who lives in South Australia to tell them, we solve the mystery of where the giant's boot is. And they were so happy. But just as they were looking at the lake, they saw that there was a cave on the other side of the lake. Giant bones. Giant spoons bones. Giant bones. Well, they decided they would look in the cave to see if there were giant bones, because giant bones are so big, it wouldn't be so hard to find them. And the cave seemed like a good spot because that's where you could see the giant's footprint. Well, they went into the cave. Willow did, and she saw there was a puppy. And the puppy went into the cave, and Willow's mom went into the cave, and Willow's dad did. And what they found inside the cave became news around the whole world. And all of the kids in the whole entire world, when they were eating breakfast and cereal the next day, they heard what Willow found. And what Willow found in that cave when she went inside, was that there were stars inside of the cave. All along the ceiling of the cave, there was a star kingdom. The stars weren't so far away, and they weren't so big. It was like little miniature stars, and they were floating in the air inside the cave. Like the size of a light bulb. Yeah, it was like the stars were like the size of the light bulb, but they were still all the way round, like balls. And they were floating around the cave, and it made it so light, and they could kind of fly, so they didn't stay in one place. And the stars were different colors. There were some red ones and yellow ones. And some of the stars took the shape of galaxies. They were spirals. And there's some kind of, like, flowers that grow in spirals, like, I think maybe sunflowers, if you look closely at them, or some other flowers grow in spiral shapes and pine combs do a little bit. And so Willow was so happy to see all of the special stars and galaxies inside the cave. The puppy that went in the cave well, the puppy that went in the cave started woof woofing, because do you know what puppies like a lot? They like bones, because, like, dogs like to chew on bones. And so Willow thought maybe the puppy is woof woofing. Maybe it's barking because it found the giant's bone. But when Willow and her parents started to follow the puppy through the cave, they did not find the giant spoon. Instead, what they found was that there were fairies in the cave, and the fairies used to live on the floating little stars. They asked the fairies, when the giants like, what happened to the giants? Well, so the first thing that was so important is Willow was always wondering, how could fairies fly? Where did they get their energy from if they don't eat? And Willow got her answer. Fairies really get their magical power and their energy to fly that make yeah, from those little stars in the cave. And so fairies kind of live in star kingdoms, like was in the cave, and that's where they get their power from to fly and do magic for kids. And there were tooth fairies in the cave, and they showed Willow the pile of teeth that they collect and the money that they give to kids. And there were so many special fairies in the cave. Was there even some that can just say one thing? And then there was a castle. Yeah, there were two kinds of fairies that were the best at magic. One of the fairies that was so good at so there were three levels of fairies. If you're a regular fairy, then they call you ruga fairy. If you're a good fairy who's kind of good at magic, but let's say, can't make a whole castle appear, then they call you booga fairy. And if you're the type of fairy who, when you said poof, an entire magic castle could appear, then you were called a zazzle fairy. And Willow saw two zazzle fairies in the star kingdom in the cave. Well, Willow went out of the cave with the puppy and her parents, and the dog started digging, and it found a big top of a giant's bone. And everyone said and everyone said, Yay. It was getting late, so Willow had to go home with her family for a nap or for sleep, because she was feeling so tired, and she decided to go back to the cave a different day, and Willow and her family lived happily ever after. The end. You um hi. Thank you for listening to makeup story. Tell all your friends to listen to makeup stories. Thank you.