Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Ellie. Ellie lived in a house with her family. She loved doing special things, like drawing. One of Ellie's favorite things to draw was a rainbow because she used many different colors, and it always came out so nicely. Whenever her mom saw the rainbow Ellie drew, she would say, "Ellie, that is the nicest rainbow you drew on that piece of paper." Ellie would tell her mom that one day she would make the rainbow real. They just had to go on a magic road, and at the end of the magic road, there would be a real rainbow.

One day, Ellie's mom and dad decided to take her on an adventure. Ellie told her parents about a secret road they didn't know about, where there were some magical special things. Her parents asked which way it was. Ellie explained that it was hard for grownups to see it, only kids could see it. But she told her parents it was that way and pointed straight.

They kept walking straight, and then they heard a birdie. Ellie said the birdie was giving directions to the magic road. Even though grownups couldn't see it, they could drop her off on the magic road. The birdie, which had colorful wings, started to flip and flap its wings and fly towards the magic road. Ellie told her parents that the birdie would take her on an adventure on the magic road, and they should wait on the side of the road for her because she had an important thing to do. Her parents agreed.

The birdie picked up Ellie and gave her a fun ride all the way to the magic road that grownups couldn't see. When Ellie got to the magic road, she saw that it floated in the air and had lots of animals. But the animals on this magic road were pretty silly. There was a horsey with three legs that constantly sneezed. There was also a green lion that said "meow" and "ribbit" instead of roaring.

On the magic road, there were other silly animals too. There was a tiny giraffe with the littlest neck, as small as a ladybug. Ellie also saw a turtle with an ice cream cone shell that was hard like a rock but tasted sugary. This turtle was the fastest animal in the world, even faster than a cheetah.

As Ellie continued on the road, she noticed butterfly wings coming out of her back. She turned into a butterfly girl and started to flap her wings. She flew on top of the road when suddenly it got windy. Ellie saw a bounce house with a hole in it, causing the wind. She went to the bounce house and jumped with other kids. They could bounce from the bottom all the way to the top and back down again.

Ellie kept going on the magic road and saw a baby as big as a grownup who talked like a big kid. It sounded almost like a robot baby. Ellie continued down the magic road, seeing more fun things like a slide made out of candy cane. She slid down the slide and almost fell off the magic road, but used her butterfly wings to get back up.

At the end of the magic road, Ellie met a bumblebee named Betty. Betty was a special bee who liked to sit on a potty. She even wiped her bee tushy and washed her hands after using the potty. When Ellie reached the end of the Magic Road, the bird that brought her there told her it was time to go back home. So Ellie went back using her butterfly wings, and the bird helped her all the way to the start of the Magic Road.

When her parents were waiting for her, Ellie told them about her silly adventure on the magic road with all the funny animals. Her parents asked why she still had butterfly wings. Ellie looked at her wings and saw that she still had her magic butterfly wings. She told her parents she needed a magic wand. They found one next to a tree and gave it to Ellie. She waved the magic wand next to her butterfly wings and said, "Waza gazuga baliga humballah." Just as she said that, the wings went away.

Ellie told her parents that grownups couldn't see the magic road, but it was pretty silly. If she ever wanted her butterfly wings to come back, she just had to say that. Her parents told her she did a good job, and Ellie and her parents lived happily ever after. The end.