Welcome back to makeup, the Kids bedtime Stories podcast. My name is Steve. I make up new stories every night without preparing to put my five year old son to bed. You should listen to another story tomorrow. But right now, we're ready for today's story. So get ready. Get tucked in. Makeup story time begin. Tonight's makeup story request comes from a listener named Ellie, who is a five year old girl. And Ellie wants us to make up a story that includes a magic road, a magic girl who we're going to call Ellie, and also a magic bumblebee. We're going to add a birdie and a big rainbow to the story. So once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Ellie. And Ellie lived in a house with the rest of her family. Ellie liked to do a lot of special things, including drawing. And one of Ellie's favorite things to draw was a rainbow, because she had to use a lot of different colors when she was drawing the rainbow, and it came out so nicely. And whenever her mom saw the rainbow that she would draw, her mom would say, ellie, that is the nicest rainbow that you drew on that piece of paper. And Ellie would tell her mama that one day she's going to make the rainbow real. They just had to go on a magic road. And at the end of the magic road, there would be a real rainbow. One day, Ellie's mama and dadda decided to take Ellie out on adventure. And Ellie told her parents that there was a secret road that they didn't know about, and that on that secret road, there were some magic special things. And her parents asked which way it was. And Ellie told her parents that it was kind of hard for grownups to see it. Only kids could see it. But she told her parents it was that way. And she pointed straight. Well, they kept walking straight, and then they heard a birdie, and the birdie was saying and Ellie said that the birdie is giving directions to the magic road. And even though grown ups can't see it, they could drop her off on the magic road. So the birdie, which had colorful wings, started to flip and flap its wings and fly towards the magic road. And then Ellie told her parents that the birdie was going to pick her up and drop her off on adventure in the magic road, and that they should wait on the side of the road for her because she had an important thing to do. And her parents said, okay. So the birdie picked up Ellie and gave her a really fun ride all the way to the magic road that grownups couldn't see. When Ellie got to the magic road, she saw that the road floated in the air and that there were lots of animals. But the animals on this magic road were pretty silly. There was a horsey that had three legs and said, hachu. It would constantly sneeze. And there was also a lion that instead of saying roar, it said meow, just like a kitty cat. And the lion, that's not actually silly because lions are big, ugly, big kitty cat. That's right. So it's kind of normal. But one thing that was silly is that this lion was green. And in addition to saying meow, he also said ribbon. Ribbon. Ribbon. Yeah. Usually frogs say that. On the magic road, there were other silly animals as well. There was, for example, a giraffe. And the giraffe was the silliest animal because it was so little. And its neck was the littlest neck. The giraffe was so little. It was as little as a ladybug. Yeah, well, this was a silly magic road. And on the silly magic road, ellie got to see other animals as well. One of the animals she saw was a turtle. But this turtle didn't have a regular shell. Instead of a regular shell, this turtle had an ice cream cone on top. And the ice cream cone was kind of hard, like a rock, but it tasted so sugary, and the turtle was so happy. And this turtle was the fastest animal in the world. It could go even faster than a cheetah. No, I know that. It's not true. It was a magic road, bud, I know this is not true. Well, listen, it's mixed up. Anyway, Ellie kept going on the road, and as she was going, she saw that something was coming out of her back. And she looked at what it was, and it was butterfly wings. And Ellie turned into a butterfly girl and started to flap her wings, and she would fly on top of the road when suddenly it got pretty windy. And Ellie was looking at why it was so windy. And do you know what she saw? What? There was a bounce house. And the bounce house had a hole in it and air was coming out. So she went to the bounce house, and there were other kids that were there also. And she started to jump in the bounce house with all the kids. And in this bounce house, the kids could bounce all the way from the bottom, all the way to the top. And the top was bouncy, too, and they would go all the way back, and the kids could bounce just like bouncy balls, up and down, back and forth, sideways and front ways. And she loved this bouncy house so much. Well, she kept going on the magic road, and she saw a little baby. Well, this little baby was a magic little baby because it was as big as a grown up and it could talk just like a big kid. And it didn't say, wow, this baby said, Hello, I am a baby. It sounded almost like a robot baby. Well, Ellie kept going down the magic Road and she saw funner and funner things. She saw on the magic Road that there was a slide made out of candy cane. Yes, dad, I know that is not true. Why do you there's a slide made of candy cane and she slid down the slide and she almost fell off the magic Road, but used her butterfly wings to get back up the magic road. And then when she got to the end of the magic road, ellie saw that there was a bumblebee. And the bumblebee's name was Betty. And Betty was the magic bumblebee. Regular bumblebees are about the same size as a fly and they like to go next to flowers and to go in flowers and to sniff them and take a little pollen and to bring them somewhere else. And they also like to make honey. But this bumblebee betty. Betty the bumblebee was very different. One thing that Betty liked the most was to sit on a potty. And Ellie had never seen a bee that used the potty. But Betty the bumblebee was a pretty big bee. And Betty would use the potty all by herself and she would even wipe her bee tushy after she was done all by herself. But Betty's mama reminded Betty to wash her hands. And she did. When she got to the end of the Magic Road, the bird that escorted her there told Ellie that it would be time to go back home. And she said, your parents might not even believe everything that happened on the Magic Road as you got towards the bees. But if they ask where you were, then you could tell them the truth. So Ellie went back using her butterfly wings and the bird helped her all the way to the start of the Magic Road. And when her parents were waiting for her there, do you know what she told them? She said, I had the Silliest adventure where I went on the magic Road and lots of animals were very silly. And her parents said, Ellie, why do you still have butterfly wings? And Ellie looked at her wings and she saw that she still had her magic butterfly wings. So she told her parents she needs a magic wand. And her parents found a magic wand right next to a tree that was where they were standing. They picked up the magic wand and gave it to Ellie. Ellie waved the magic wand next to her butterfly wings and said, waza gazuga baliga humballah. And just as she said that, the wings went away. And she told her parents that grownups can't see this magic road, but it's pretty silly. And if she ever wants her butterfly wings to come back, she just has to say that. And her parents told her that she did a good job. And Ellie and her parents lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of this story. I'm going to make up a new story for you tomorrow. It's going to be a good story. Remember to tell your parents that you want to listen to the makeup stories Pod cast tomorrow. The way you tell your parents is you say, I want to listen to more makeup stories. Then you will get to listen to another story tomorrow. You should also tell your friends to listen to makeup stories. That's a good idea. See you tomorrow.