Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two sisters named Kira and Iris. Kira and Iris were really lucky because they got to build one of the biggest sandcastles ever made in Australia. The sandcastle they built was the most beautiful sandcastle ever, because instead of using regular sand, they went to a sprinkle factory. They asked a dump truck to collect all the sprinkles from the factory and take them to a sandbox. Kira and Iris had the great idea of making a sprinkle castle out of it. So the dump truck emptied all the sprinkles into a sandbox after removing the sand. And then the kids were able to make sandcastles, but with sprinkles! They could have just mixed some sprinkles with the sand, and that would be even more fun. It would be so sturdy and also beautiful. That's right! Kira had a good idea of mixing in some sand and pouring a little bit of water on the sand to make it sturdier and also to make it a good place for little animals to live.

After Kira and Iris finished building their rainbow sprinkle sandcastle, they went back home with their mom. When they got back home, Kira told Iris that they should go tomorrow, because sometimes when Kira goes to bed, and this also happens to her sister Iris, they can see an imaginary friend who visits them sometimes. You could see the imaginary friend's shadow sometimes. And some kids could do this if they have imaginary friends, too. If you look when it's dark and you see the shadow of something that looks nice, then maybe that could be your imaginary friend. But Iris and Kira found an imaginary friend named Rocky. And Rocky was a real imaginary friend that had googly eyes. So that's how you knew it wasn't a regular person because Rocky did not have regular person eyes. And so Rocky was not able to see like a regular person. The way it worked with Rocky's eyes is he put a mirror in front of the googly eyes. So whatever he looked at with the googly eyes went into a mirror. And then Rocky was able to look at the mirror. And do you know if that worked, bud? What did it? Well, the way it worked is the mirror would say whatever he is seeing. So let's say the googly eyes were looking at a doorknob, and then Rocky would look at the mirror, and the mirror would say, "doorknob, doorknob." So even though the googly eyes didn't work, Iris and Kira's imaginary shadow friend Rocky was still able to know where things were.

Well, Rocky was a very special friend. And the reason Rocky was so special is because one time as Iris was going to sleep, Rocky, the imaginary friend, told Iris and Kira that he once invented a unicorn train that carries kids. And he told Iris and Kira that he was going to give them the special instructions for how to build a unicorn train in an amusement park. And then Rocky's imaginary friend said, "Okay, if you guys want to build a unicorn train that kids could ride on, like a little roller coaster, but even more fun, and instead of a regular ChuChu train, it's made of unicorns." And then he whispered the instructions to Iris and Kira. And just after the imaginary friend, Rocky whispered the instructions to Iris and Kira, Iris and Kira fell asleep. The next morning, after they woke up, Iris remembered about Rocky with the googly eyes, and Iris told Kira, "Kira, do you remember what happened last night with the imaginary friend Rocky and the unicorn train idea?" And Iris said that she remembered also. So Kira told her mom, "Mom, something happened last night, but it's a secret. What happened? Can we go to the rainbow sprinkle sandcastle that we made?" And Iris and Kira's mom said, "Okay." So they went back to the playground with the sandbox that had the rainbow color sprinkles. And when Kira got to the sandbox, do you know what she saw? What? There was something living in her rainbow sprinkle sandcastle. She was right the day before when she thought that something might want to live in it. But she was kind of wrong also because it wasn't like a hamster and it wasn't like a rabbit or a kangaroo that's only as big as a thumb. The kind of thing that it was living inside the rainbow sprinkle castle was a fairy.

And the fairy came out of the rainbow sprinkle castle and it told Kira, "Kira, you built a real fairy castle because fairies love to live in rainbow sprinkle castles, and most people usually can't find them because rainbow sprinkle castles, they're usually only like in the jungle where it's hard for people to go or in the rainforest. I think somebody once said I don't know if this is true or not, but there are Rainbow Sprinkle castles in the South Pole and somebody also might have said the North Pole. But it has to be if that's true. Deep under the snow in the North Pole, there must be tunnels that lead to the Rainbow Sprinkle castles and the fairies must have to fly through the tunnels to get to different Rainbow Sprinkle castles." Well, anyway, when the fairy came out of the rainbow sprinkle sandcastle, the fairy said to Iris and Kira, "Iris and Kira, I am building a special amusement park for fairies, and it's going to be in the north pole." And Iris said, "I knew it. I knew that fairies lived underground in the north pole." And Kira said, "Well, actually, should we tell the fairy about all of this special unicorn train idea?" And Iris said, "That's a good idea." So Kira and Iris told the fairy that they had that special idea of how to make a unicorn ChuChu train, and they said that the ferry could build it in tunnels under the snow in the north pole so that the fairies could take unicorn trains to go through the tunnels and get to the different fairy castles. And this way, the fairies wouldn't bump their wings in the tunnels because it would be easier to just go on a unicorn train ride. Well, the fairy said that that was a really good idea and that she would go back a different day to the north pole, to the underground tunnels, so that she could tell all the other fairies and they could work together to do some magic to try to make that kind of unicorn train. And she said, "Thank you so much to Kira and also to Iris." Kira and Iris said that if she ends up leaving the rainbow sprinkle house that they will miss the fairy so much. And the fairy said that she's going to leave a map, and the map is going to have a lot of different arrows, and if you follow all of the arrows on the map, then it's going to lead to the north pole tunnels. And Kira and Iris said, "Thank you so much," and the fairy said, "I will see you again one day."

And then that's when Kira and Iris realized they should tell the fairy about their imaginary friend Rocky, and they told the fairy about their imaginary friend Rocky, and the fairy said, "Rocky used to live in the north pole," and that was a big surprise for Kira and Iris. So Kira and Iris said, "Wow." And then they lived happily ever after. The end.