Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six-year-old girl named Ella May. Ella May was very lucky because she had a princess outfit. Sometimes, Ella May would ask her mom to help her get dressed in the princess outfit. Ella May's mom said, "Ella May, you have to put on your princess outfit by yourself." Ella May would put on her princess outfit, and then she would have a dance show, showing her mom how to do a princess dance.

One day, as Ella May was doing a princess dance in her living room and she was twirling and spinning about while her mom was watching, she saw a new crayon that she had never seen before. The crayon was right in between her feet, and it had glitter in it. It was a glitter crayon that looked a little bit red. Ella May said, "Mom, did you put that crayon between my feet while I was doing the princess dance?" Ella May's mom said, "No, I didn't put that between your feet." Ella May picked up the special magical crayon with glitter in it and said, "Mom, can we try to use this to draw?" Ella May's mom said okay.

So they got a big piece of construction paper, and Ella May started to draw a fairy. Ella May put wings on the fairy she was drawing, and it had little fairy shoes and a magic wand. After Ella May finished drawing, do you know what happened? The fairy came alive and went off the paper! The glitter crayon that Ella May had was a magical kind of crayon, and anything you drew with the crayon would come alive and come off the paper. So because Ella May drew a fairy, the fairy went off the paper, and the fairy that Ella May drew was flying right in front of Ella May, flapping its little fairy wings.

Ella May saw that the little fairy had a wand that it was waving about. Whenever the fairy would wave about its magic wand, Ella May would hear a little whoosh in the air. It also sounded like there were bells on the fairy's ears, like earring bells. Whenever the fairy would move its ears from side to side, it sounded like ding dong, like a door opening, maybe. There was a door that was really untapped, so it sounded like there was a door, like it was magical, but it really wasn't.

So Ella May asked the fairy, "Why does it sound like a doorbell, like there's really a door, whenever you move your ears?" The fairy said to Ella May, "Ella May, because you used a glitter magic crayon to draw me, I have something to tell you today. Ella May, I'm going to show you the secret door that goes from the roof of your house through a chimney all the way to the magical kingdom where people can draw whatever they want, and it comes real." Ella May said okay.

The fairy used her magic wand to make a long rope go through the chimney. The fairy said, "Ella May, kids shouldn't climb through a chimney without their parents." Ella May said, "Okay, but it's alright with fairies, right?" Ella May was so happy that the fairy said yes. So Ella May and the fairy climbed up the rope, and they went up the chimney. When they got to the top of the chimney, they didn't get to the sky. Instead, Ella May saw that there was a secret land where unicorns existed, and the unicorn land, which was on top of the chimney through a special secret, invisible tunnel.

The special unicorn world that was there was really very unique. The unicorns would wear boots, and the unicorns used to splash in puddles using the unicorn boots. The unicorns used to also tow big carriages that had pumpkins on them. The unicorns sometimes liked to dress up, and some of the unicorns would wear elephant costumes, and some of the unicorns would wear giraffe costumes. There were so many monkeys that used to go on unicorn rides, and some of the unicorns used to tie balloons to their unicorn horns, and the balloons would help the unicorns float if they didn't have any wings.

There were other unicorns that loved to make sandcastles. When unicorns make sandcastles, they have to use pretend hands because unicorns don't have regular hands. So they need to ask a fairy to use her magic wand to make hands come out of the unicorn's legs. Then the unicorn can use its hands to dig with a shovel or to put sand in a bucket and then dump the bucket on something. The unicorns were so much fun because the unicorns, you know how in regular merry-go-rounds, you need to go on a horse ride or something like that? Well, the unicorns used to give merry-go-rounds to the kids who came to their special unicorn world, and you could go up and down, around and around as the unicorns took you for really special rides.

But the best ride of all was the unicorn boat ride. The unicorn boat ride was only allowed for people who had the glitter crayon in their pockets, and Ella May brought the glitter crayon with her. The unicorn said, "Okay, Ella May, it's time for you to go on a unicorn boat ride." Ella May sat down on the biggest unicorn of them all, and the unicorn said, "Unfurl the sails!" Suddenly, a sail came out of the unicorn's horn. The unicorn said, "Time to use the motorboat engine!" The unicorn's tail started going around and around just like a motorboat engine. Then the unicorn said, "Floaty McFloat!" The bottom of the unicorn turned shape into a boat.

Ella May went on the special unicorn boat ride as the sails flapped in the unicorn world air. They went to the middle of the lake, where there was a mermaid. The mermaid told Ella May, "Ella May, welcome to Unicorn World! Did you have any special purple glitter crayon?" Ella May said that she did, but the crayon was also a little red. The mermaid told Ella May that she used to go to Ella May's house sometimes while Ella May was sleeping. The mermaid was able to hold her breath and fly through the air and not breathe. The mermaid one day dropped her glitter crayon in Ella May's house.

Ella May said, "Oh, that's how the glitter crayon got on the floor in my house. You left it there." The mermaid told Ella May that she wanted Ella May to come to visit her, and that's why she left the special crayon with the glitter in it so she could draw a fairy that would take her there. Ella May said, "Thank you for leaving your crayon. I had a very fun trip to you." She gave the mermaid back her glitter crayon and said goodbye.

Then Ella May told the fairy that she was ready to go back to her house. The mermaid said bye to Ella May, and the fairy carried Ella May all the way through the secret, invisible tunnel, back through her chimney inside her house. Ella May's mom said, "Ella May, where were you?" Ella May's dad said, "It's so good you're home again." Ella May told her parents that she went on an adventure. Ella May and her family lived happily ever after. The end.