Hello. Welcome to matesuck stories. My name is Ellen May. Make Up Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Ellen May. I'm five years old. I'm from Bolton, and I would like a story about a unicard, a fairy, and the mermaid. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Ella May who lives in Bolton in the United Kingdom and who turns six years old today on February 21. And so we want to say, happy birthday, Ella May. Happy birthday, Ella May. Good job, bud. And Ella May ask for us to make up a story that includes a unicorn, a fairy, and a mermaid. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six year old girl whose name was Ella May. Ella May was very lucky because she had a princess outfit. And sometimes Ella May would ask her mom to help her get dressed with the princess outfit. And Ella May's mom said, Ella May, you have to put on your princess outfit by yourself. And Ella May would put on her princess outfit, and then she would have a dance show, and she would show her mom how to do a princess dance. One day as Ella May was doing a princess dance in her living room and she was twirling and spinning about and her mom was watching, she saw that there was a new crayon that she never saw before. And the crayon was right in between her feet. And the crayon had glitter in it. And it was a glitter crayon that looked a little bit red. And Ella May said, mom, did you put that crayon between my feet while I was doing the princess dance? And Ella May's mom said, no, I didn't put that between your feet. And Ella May picked up the special magical crayon which had glitter in it, and she said, mom, could we try to use this to draw? And Ella May's. Mom said okay. So they got a big piece of construction paper, and Ella May started to draw a fairy. Ella May put wings on the fairy that she was drawing, and it had little fairy shoes, and it had a magic wand. And after Ella May finished drawing, do you know what happened? What? The fairy came alive and went off of the paper. The glitter crayon that Ella May had was a magical kind of crayon, and anything that you drew with the crayon would come alive and come off of the paper. So because Ella May drew a fairy, the fairy went off of the paper, and the fairy that Ella May drew was flying right in front of Ella Mae, and it was flapping its little fairy wings. And Ella May saw that the little fairy had a wand that it was waving about. And whenever the fairy would wave about its magic wand, ella May would hear a little whoosh in the air. And it also sounded like there were bells that were on the fairy's ears, like earring bells. And whenever the fairy would move its ears from side to side, it sounded like ding dong, like a door opening, maybe. There was a door that was really untapped, so it sounded like there was a door, like it was magical, but it really wasn't. So Ella may ask the fairy, why does it sound like a doorbell, like there's really a door whenever you move your ears? And the fairy said to Ella may, ella may, because you used a glitter magic crayon to draw me, I have something to tell you today. LMA I'm going to show you the secret door that goes from you, the roof of your house through a chimney all the way to the magical kingdom where people can draw whatever they want, and it comes real. And Ella May said okay. And the fairy used her magic wand to make a long rope go through the chimney. And the fairy said, Ella may, kids shouldn't climb through a chimney without their parents. And Ella may said, okay, but it's all right with fairies, right? And Ella may was so happy that the fairy said yes. So Ella may and the fairy climbed up the rope, and they went up the chimney. And when they got to the top of the chimney, they didn't get to the sky. Instead, Ella may saw that there was a secret land where unicorns existed, and the unicorn land, which was on top of the chimney through a special secret, invisible tunnel. The special unicorn world that was there was really very unique. The unicorns would wear boots, and the unicorns used to splash in puddles using the unicorn boots, and the unicorns used to also tow big carriages that had pumpkins on them. And the unicorns sometimes liked to dress up, and some of the unicorns would wear elephant costumes, and some of the unicorns would wear giraffe costumes. And there were so many monkeys that used to go on unicorn rides, and some of the unicorns used to tie balloons to their unicorn horns, and the balloons would help the unicorns float if they didn't have any wings. And there were other unicorns that loved to make sandcastles. When unicorns make sandcastles, they have to use pretend hands, because unicorns don't have regular hands. So they need to ask a fairy to use her magic wand to make hands come out of the unicorn's legs. And then the unicorn can use its hands to dig with a shovel or to put, like, sand in a bucket and then to dump the bucket on something. And the unicorns were so much fun because the unicorns you know how in regular merrygor rounds, you need to go on a horse ride or something like that? Bud? Yeah. Well, the unicorns used to give merrygorounds to the kids who came to their special unicorn world, and you could go up and down, around and around as the unicorns took you for really special rides. But the best ride of all was the unicorn boat ride. The unicorn boat ride was only allowed for people who had the glitter crayon in their pockets, and Ella May brought the glitter crayon with her. And so the unicorn said, okay, Ella May, it's time for you to go on a unicorn boat ride. And Ella Mae sat down on the biggest unicorn of them all, and the unicorn said, dumbbellar the sails. And suddenly, a sail came out of the unicorn's horn. And the unicorn said, time to use the motorboat engine. And the unicorn's tail started going around and around just like a motorboat engine. And then the unicorn said, floaty, McFloat. And the bottom of the unicorn turned shape into a boat. And Ella May went on the special unicorn boat ride as the sails flapped in the unicorn world air. And they went to the middle of the lake, where there was a mermaid. And the mermaid told Ella mae ella may welcome to Unicorn World. Did you have any special purple glitter crayon? And Ella May said that she did, but the crayon was also a little red. And the mermaid told Ella May that she used to go to Ella May's house sometimes while Ella May was sleeping. And the mermaid was able to hold her breath and fly through the air and not breathe. And the mermaid one day dropped her glitter crayon in Ella Mae's house. And Ella May said, oh, that's how the glitter crayon got on the floor in my house. You left it there. And the mermaid told Ella May that she wanted Ella May to come visit her. And that's why she left the special crayon with the glitter in it so she could draw a fairy that would take her there. And Ella May said, thank you for leaving your crayon. I had a very fun trip to you. And she gave the mermaid back her glitter crayon and said goodbye. And then Ella May told the fairy that she was ready to go back to her house. And the mermaid said bye to Ella May. And the fairy carried Ella May all the way through the secret, invisible tunnel, back through her chimney inside her house. And Ella mae's mom said Ella May. Where were you? And Ella May's dad said, it's so good you're home again. And Ella May told her parents that she went on an adventure. And Ella May and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Hi. Thank you for listening to me. Dove story. Tell all your friends to listen to makeup stories. Thank you.