Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Hosanna. Hosanna lived in a big white house, and the white house had lots of blankets on top of it. From the outside, it looked like a giant pillow fort that Hosanna lived in. One day, Hosanna heard a knock on the door, and it went, knock, knock, knock. Hosanna and her dad went to the door of their white house, and they opened the white door, but Hosanna didn't see anybody. Hosanna asked, "Is anybody there?" And the person said, "It's me, the magician." Hosanna said, "But I can't see a magician." The magician replied, "That's because I'm wearing my invisibility cloak. When a magician wears an invisibility cloak, you can't see them. It's a special kind of blanket that a magician can put on. And when the magician has the blanket on, they're hidden, and you can't see them no matter how hard you try." 

Hosanna asked, "Could you take the invisibility cloak off so we can see you?" The magician agreed and pulled off the magic invisibility blanket. Hosanna saw that the magician was floating on a flying carpet and carrying binoculars. The magician also had a little computer with a big screen called an iPad. The magician told Hosanna, "I came to your house because I saw there were lots of blankets and pillows outside, and I wanted to see if any of the blankets in your house could make kids invisible." Hosanna asked her dad if the magician could come inside, and her dad said yes. So the magician went inside Hosanna's house, floating on the magic carpet and holding the binoculars. Hosanna asked, "What do those magic binoculars do?" The magician said, "Oh, it's a secret." Hosanna pleaded, "Please, can you tell me the secret?" The magician agreed, "Okay, but don't tell other kids, or else they might try it." Hosanna promised, "I'll keep it a real secret."

The magician picked up the binoculars, and they started to shine. When Hosanna looked at the binoculars, she saw a little rainbow in the middle part where you see through. The magician told Hosanna to look through the binoculars and handed them to her. Hosanna looked through the binoculars, and whatever she looked at turned into a baby. So Hosanna looked at her dad, and her dad turned into a little baby. Hosanna asked, "Dad, are you a baby?" Hosanna's dad started to cry and said, "Wow." Hosanna picked up her dad and said, "It's okay." Hosanna asked the magician, "How do I make my dad a grown-up again?" The magician told Hosanna she needed to turn the binoculars around and look out of the big side. When she looked at her dad, the baby, her dad turned back into a grown-up. Her dad said, "Hosanna, how did you do that? That was amazing." Hosanna told her dad that the magician taught her the secret about the magic binoculars. If you look through the binoculars on one side, people become babies. And if you look through it on the other side, then people become grown-ups.

The magician asked Hosanna if she wanted to get an invisibility blanket and put it on her. Then they could travel outside on the magic carpet with Hosanna's dad and look around. Hosanna agreed, and they went outside. They saw a big, scary dog with great big teeth, barking, "Woof, woof, woof," because it wanted a dog toy from another dog. Hosanna had an idea. She looked at the big, scary dog with her binoculars, and it turned into a cute little puppy. It wasn't scary anymore and wanted to share the toy. Hosanna said, "Good puppy." After it calmed down, she turned it back into a big grown-up dog, but now it was nice.

Hosanna told the magician and her dad that they were going to go around town and turn kids who wanted to be grown-ups into grown-ups. They went to a playground, the most famous playground in the world because it was made of ice. There was an ice merry-go-round, ice swings, and a special ice slide, which was the slippiest slide in the world that kids loved. People even took airplanes to Singapore to go on the ice slide. Hosanna saw a girl from Frozen named Princess Elsa, who loved ice, so she came to play in the ice playground. Hosanna whispered to her dad, "Dad, I think that's really Princess Elsa from Frozen, and she's going on the magic ice slide." Hosanna's dad said, "I wonder if she made the ice playground." Hosanna said, "I'm going to get a closer look." Hosanna picked up the magic binoculars and looked at Princess Elsa, who turned into a baby. Hosanna saw that baby Princess Elsa was still a princess, with a crown and a princess dress. Even though Princess Elsa was a baby, she still knew how to walk and talk. Her hand could still do magic things, just like Anna and Princess Elsa.

The baby walked up to Hosanna and said, "Hosanna, I know what you did." Hosanna asked, "How could you see me? I was wearing my invisibility blanket." Princess Elsa said she carried a magic iPad. When she picked up the iPad, which looked like a big phone, and pointed it at someone with invisibility power, she could see them. Hosanna asked, "How can you talk and walk if you're a little baby now?" Princess Elsa told Hosanna about the special magic ice cream she ate when she was a princess and shared with Princess Anna. It was a rainbow ice cream, and whoever ate it couldn't be changed into a real baby. So even if they got little, they could still walk around. Hosanna asked baby Princess Elsa if she wanted to play, and baby Princess Elsa said yes. They went back to Hosanna's house and started to play. When they were done, Hosanna looked through the binoculars and turned Elsa into a grown-up princess again. Hosanna and her family lived happily ever after. The end.