Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Hosanna. Hosanna lived in a big white house, and the white house had a lot of blankets on top of it. And so if you looked from the outside, it looked like a big pillow fort that Hossana lived in. Well, one day, Hossana heard a knock on the door, and it went, knock, knock, knock. And Hossana and her dad went to the door of their white house, and they opened up the white door, but Hasana didn't see anybody. And Hasana said, "Is anybody there?" And the person said, "It's me, the magician." And Hasana said, "But I can't see a magician." And the magician said, "That's because I'm wearing my invisibility cloak. When a magician wears an invisibility cloak, then you can't see the magician. It's a special kind of blanket that a magician could put on top of him. And when the magician has the blanket on top of him, he's hidden, and you can't see him no matter how hard you try." And so Hosanna said, "Well, could you take the invisibility cloak, the invisibility blanket off of you, and then we could see you?" And the magician said, "Okay." So the magician pulled off the magic invisibility blanket, and he looked at Hasana. And Hasana saw that the magician was floating on a flying carpet, and the magician also was carrying binoculars. And the magician had a little kind of computer with a big screen called an iPad. And the magician said to Hosanna, "Hosanna, I came to your house because I saw there were a lot of blankets and pillows outside, and I wanted to knock on the door to see if any of the blankets that you had in your house could make kids invisible." And Hosanna asked her dad if the magician could come inside. And Hasana's dad said yes. So the magician went inside Hossana's house, and he was floating on the magic carpet, and he was holding on to his binoculars. And Hossana said, "What do those magic binoculars do?" And the magician said, "Oh, it's just a secret." And Hossana said, "Well, please, can you tell me the secret?" And the magician said, "Okay, but don't tell other kids, or else they might try it." And Hosanna said, "Okay, I'll keep it a real secret." And the magician picked up his binoculars. And when he picked up the binoculars, they started to shine. And if you looked at the binoculars, it looked like in the middle part where you see through there was a little rainbow. The Magician told Hasana to look through the binoculars. And he handed the binoculars to Hasana. And Hasana picked up the binoculars and she looked through the binoculars and whatever she looked at turned into a baby. So Hosanna looked at her dad, and her dad turned into a little baby. And Hosanna was like, "Dad, are you a baby?" And Hosanna's dad started to cry and said, "Wow." And Hossana picked up her dad and said, "It's okay." And Hossana asked the Magician, "How do I make my dad a grown up again?" And the Magician told Hasana she needed to turn the binoculars around and look out of the big side. And when she looked out of the big side right at her dad, the baby, her dad turned back into a grown up. And her dad said, "Hosanna, how did you do that? That was amazing." And Hosanna told her dad that the Magician taught her the secret about the magic binoculars. And if you look through the binoculars on one side, people become babies. And if you look through it on the other side, then people become grown ups. The Magician asked Hosanna if she wanted to get an invisibility blanket and put it on her. And then they could travel outside on the magic carpet with Hosanna's dad and they could look around. And Hosanna said, "Okay." So they went outside and they saw that outside there was a big scary doggie that had great big teeth. And the doggie was saying, "Woof, woof, woof," because it wanted to get a doggie toy from a different doggie. And Hosanna said she had an idea. She looked at the big scary doggie with her binoculars, and when she looked at it, it turned into a cute little itty bitty doggie. And it was a puppy. And then it wasn't scary. And then it wanted to share the toy. So Hosanna said, "Good puppy." And after it calmed down, then she turned it back into a big grownup. But then the big grownup dog who had the big teeth was nice again. So Hosanna told the Magician and her dad that they were going to go around town and they were going to look in playgrounds and turn a lot of kids who wanted to be grown ups into grownups. So Hasana went to a playground. And the playground was the most famous playground in the world because it was made up of ice. And there was an ice merrygoround and there were ice swings that could really swing. There was a special ice slide, which was the slippiest slide in the world and which kids loved. People would even take airplanes to go to Singapore so that they could go on the ice slide. And Hosanna saw that there was a girl from Frozen whose name was Princess Elsa, and Princess Elsa really loves ice, so she came to play in the ice playground. And Hosanna whispered to her dad. She said, "Dad, I think that's really Princess Elsa from Frozen, and she's going on the magic ice slide." And Hosanna's dad said, "I wonder if she made the ice playground." And Hosanna said, "I'm going to get a closer look." And Hosanna picked up her binoculars the magic binoculars, and she looked at Princess Elsa. And then Princess Elsa turned into a baby. And Hosanna saw that Princess Elsa the baby was still a princess, and the baby still had a princess crown, and the baby was still wearing a princess dress. And even though Princess Elsa was a little baby, princess Elsa still knew how to walk and still knew how to talk. And her hand could still do magic things, just like Anna and Princess Elsa. The baby walked right up to Hosanna and said, "Hosanna, I know what you did." And Hosanna said, "How could you see me? Because I was wearing my invisibility blanket." And Princess Elsa said that she carries around a magic iPad. And when she picks up the iPad, an iPad looks like a big phone. When she picks up the big iPad, which looks like a phone and points it at somebody who has invisibility power on, then she could see them. And Hossana said, "Well, how could you talk and walk and stuff if you're a little baby now?" And Princess Elsa told Hossana about the special magic ice cream that she ate when she was a princess and that she shared with Princess Anna. It was a rainbow kind of ice cream, and whoever ate it couldn't be changed into a real baby. So even if they got little, they could still walk around. And Hosanna asked the baby Princess Elsa, if she wanted to play. And the baby Princess Elsa said yes. So they went back to Hosanna's house, and they started to play. When they were all done, Hosanna looked through the binoculars and turned Elsa into a grown up princess again. And Hosanna and her family lived happily ever after. The end.