Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Charlie. Charlie loved to dress up as a pirate. One day, there was a knock on Charlie's door, and the mailman gave Charlie a box. The box had Charlie's name on it, and the first letter on the box was a C. Charlie told his mom that they needed to open the box. Charlie got a butter knife, and he and his mom opened the box. Inside the box, there was a real pirate costume. It had a pirate hat, an eye patch, pirate boots, and all sorts of pirate clothes. It even came with a pretend parrot.

Charlie was so happy, so he told his mom they needed to dress up like a pirate right away. Charlie put on the pirate clothes with his mom helping only a little bit. After the pirate clothes were on, Charlie told his mom they needed to go to a playground so that they could pretend to be on a pirate ship. Charlie's mom agreed, and they went to a playground. Charlie also brought a snack with him.

When they were at the playground, Charlie went on a pretend boat and said, "I am a pirate in charge of the sea, and I am going to be a good pirate, but nobody can see." Just as he said that, he felt that the pirate hat might have been a little bit magical because, as he started to talk, he realized he had special pirate powers. The first pirate power that the pirate hat gave Charlie was drum power. It was from a kind of thing called a thunder drum. The way it worked is Charlie would bang his hands on the boat, and every time Charlie banged his hand on the boat, it made thunder in the sky, and some clouds started to crash.

So Charlie showed his mom, and he hit the boat and went boom. Just as he did that, there was a big kaboom in the sky and some lightning. Charlie showed his mom that he knew how to make real thunder and lightning. His mom said, "I don't think you did that. I think it just thundered at the same time." Then Charlie said, "Listen to this," and he started drumming. As he did that, there was thunder that went kaboom, kaboom, kaboom, kaboom, kaboom. All of the kids who were in the playground looked at Charlie and the sky, and they said, "Charlie, are you a magical pirate?"

Charlie said that it was just the pirate's hat that gave him the magical powers. If Charlie took off the magical hat, he told everyone he wouldn't be able to play the thunder drums, which is when you bang something on the ground, and it makes it thunder in the sky. So Charlie's mom said, "Okay, Charlie, how about you take off the pirate hat?" Charlie took the pirate hat off of his head, and you will not believe what he found. Inside the magical pirate hat, there was a colorful kitty cat. The kitty cat was so colorful, its fur was so soft, that if you touched its colorful fur, then you got some magic on your skin.

All of the kids in the playground, when they saw the colorful kitty cat with soft, soft fur, decided to get in line to have turns to pet it. Charlie was in charge of saying whose turn it was. The kitty decided that it wanted to come out of the pirate hat, and the kitty told Charlie that it had some secret powers. Charlie asked what they were. The kitty started to show Charlie that it could make a kitty web. Kitty webs are like spider webs, but only colorful kitty cats can make them. It's kind of like out of the end of the kitty cat's tail comes a kitty web, which is made of rainbow-colored fur. So it's not exactly like a spider web because it's colored, but it's a string that the kitty cat could make come out of its tail. The way it catches a mouse is not by biting the mouse or being mean. It just gets the mouse trapped in the ropes, and then it lets it go. So it's actually a nice kitty cat.

Charlie was so amazed that his kitty cat was able to make ropes go from the pirate ship that he was on all the way to a climbing structure on a different part of the playground. All of the kids wanted to take turns touching the kitty web because the kitty web was so soft and so colorful, and if they touched it, they got some magic on their skin also. Everyone was having so much fun when suddenly Charlie realized that there was another secret surprise in his pirate costume. The secret surprise was a magic button. The button was on top of the pirate costume, and it's what held the shirt closed.

Charlie realized that if he started to talk into the button, it could become a microphone. It made what you said louder. So Charlie picked up the button with his fingers and brought it close to his mouth. Charlie said, "Announcement, everyone. I am going to tell the magic kitty cat to make a dragon come." All of the kids said, "Yay, we hope it's a nice dragon." Charlie said it would be a nice dragon. All of the kids were so happy, and the magical kitty cat made a long, long kind of kitty web that went all the way to the top of some trees.

Charlie said the way you get dragons to come is you have to do the kind of thunder drum game where you bang your hands on the boat and it makes some thunder and lightning that's not scary in the sky. Charlie started to go, "Humbo dumb dumb dumb." As he started to do that and bang with his hands on the pirate ship, there was more and more lightning in the sky. Suddenly, the lightning was so much in the sky that a dragon came. The dragon ate up all of the lightning and got super dragon power. The super dragon started to fly around the clouds, up and down, back and forth, and even started to try to go faster than an airplane. Dragons usually can go at a regular dragon speed, which is faster than a cheetah, but not as fast as an airplane. But after dragons swallow lightning, especially if they're a good dragon, they can go very fast.

Charlie's dragon started to go so fast until it came all the way down to the playground and told Charlie that it wanted to have a turn petting the magic kitty. The magic kitty told the dragon that it made such a nice kitty web in the trees. The dragon decided to go on top of the kitty web and use it as a swing. All of the kids laughed so much as there was a dragon going on a swing that was made out of a kitty web tied between two trees. Charlie told the kids that he was so proud because the thunder and lightning he made was not the scary kind; it was just the fun kind. All of the kids said, "Yay."

Charlie put back on his pirate hat, and Charlie and his mom went all the way back home, and they lived happily ever after. The end.