Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Penelope, and Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hello. My name is Charlie from Portobarlo, New Zealand, and I want a story about a wagon, a magic caricat, and microphone, please. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Charlie who lives in Portobello, New Zealand, and who turned four years old two days ago on April 9. And so we want to say happy birthday, Charlie. And Charlie asked for us to make up a story that includes a dragon, a microphone, and a magic kitty cat. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Charlie. Charlie loved to dress up in pirate costumes. And one day, there was a knock on Charlie's door, and the mailman gave Charlie a box. The box said Charlie's name, and the first letter on the box was a C. And Charlie told his mom that they needed to open up the box. And Charlie got a butter knife, and he and his mom opened up the box. Inside the box, there was a real pirate costume. It had a pirate hat. It had an eye patch for one eye. It had pirate boots, and it had all sorts of pirate clothes. It even came with a pretend parrot. Charlie was so happy, so he told his mom they needed to dress up like a pirate right away. Well, Charlie put on the pirate clothes with his mom helping only a little bit. And after the pirate clothes were on, charlie told his mom they needed to go to a playground so that they could pretend to be on a pirate ship. Well, Charlie's mom said that was so important, so they went to a playground, and Charlie also brought a snack with him. When they were at the playground, Charlie went on a pretend boat, and he said, I am a pirate in charge of the sea, and I am going to be a good pirate, but nobody can see. And just as he said that, he felt that the pirate hat might have been a little bit magical, because just as he started to talk, he realized he had special pirate powers. The first pirate power that the pirate hat gave Charlie was drum power. It was from a kind of thing called a thunder drum. The way it worked is Charlie would bang his hands on the boat, and every time Charlie banged his hand on the boat, it made thunder in the sky, and some clouds started to crash. So Charlie showed his mom, and he hit the boat and went boom. And just as he did that, there was a big kaboom in the sky and some lightning. And Charlie showed his mom that he knew how to make real thunder and lightning. And his mom said, but I don't think you did that. I think it just thundered at the same time. And then Charlie said, listen to this. And he started drumming. And then just as he did that, there was thunder that went kaboom, kaboom, kaboom kaboom kaboom. And all of the kids who were in the playground looked at Charlie, and they looked at the sky, and they said, charlie, are you a magical pirate? And Charlie said that it was just the pirate's hat that gave him the magical powers. If Charlie took off the magical hat, he told everyone he wouldn't be able to play the thunder drums, which is when you bang something on the ground, and it makes it thunder in the sky. So Charlie's mom said, okay, Charlie, how about you take off the pirate hat? And Charlie took the pirate hat off of his head, and you will not believe what he found. Inside the magical pirate hat, there was a kitty cat. And the kitty cat was so colorful, its fur was so soft, that if you touched its colorful fur, then you got some magic on your skin. And all of the kids in the playground, when they saw the colorful kitty cat with a soft, soft fur, decided to get in line to have turns to pet it. And Charlie was in charge of saying whose turn it was. Well, the kitty decided that it wanted to come out of the pirate hat, and the kitty told Charlie that it had some secret powers, and Charlie asked what it was. And the kitty started to show Charlie that it could make a kitty web. Kitty webs are like spider webs, but only colorful kitty cats can make it. It's kind of like out of the end of the kitty cat's tail, it comes a kitty web, which is made of the rainbow colored kind of fur. So it's not exactly like a spider web because it's colored, but it's a string that the kitty cat could make come out of its tail. And the way it catches a mouse is not by biting the mouse or being mean. It just gets the mouse trapped in the ropes, and then it lets it go. So it's actually a nice kitty cat. Well, Charlie was so amazed that his kitty cat was able to make ropes go from the pirate ship that he was on all the way to a climbing structure on a different part of the playground. And all of the kids wanted to take turns touching the kitty web because the kitty web was so soft and so colorful, and if they touched it, they got some magic on their skin also. And everyone was having so much fun, when suddenly Charlie realized that there was another secret surprise that was in his pirate costume. The secret surprise was a magic button. The button was on top of the pirate costume, and it's what held the shirt closed. Well, Charlie realized that if he started to talk into the button, that it could become a microphone. And it made what you said louder. So Charlie started he picked up the button with his fingers and brought it close to his mouth. And Charlie said announcement, everyone. I am going to tell the magic kitty cat to make a dragon come. And all of the kids said Yay, we hope it's a nice dragon. And Charlie said it would be a nice dragon. So all of the kids were so happy and the magical kitty cat made a long, long kind of kitty web that went all the way to the top of some trees. And Charlie said the way you get dragons to come is you have to do the kind of thunder drum game where you bang your hands on the boat and it makes some thunder and lightning that's not scary in the sky. And Charlie started to go Humbo dumb dumb dumb. And just as he started to do that and bang with his hands on the pirate ship in the sky, there was more and more lightning. Until suddenly the lightning was so much in the sky that a dragon came. And the dragon ate up all of the lightning and got super dragon power. And the super dragon started to fly around the clouds, up and down, back and forth, and even started to try to go faster than an airplane. Dragons usually can go a regular dragon speed, which is faster than a cheetah, but is not as fast as an airplane. But after dragons swallow lightning, especially if they're a good dragon, they could go speed fast. And so Charlie's dragon started to go so fast until it came all the way down to the playground and told Charlie that it wanted to have a turn petting the magic kitty. And the magic kitty told the dragon that it made such a nice kitty web in the trees. And the dragon decided to go on top of the kitty web and to use it as a swing. And all of the kids laughed so much as there was a dragon going on a swing that was made out of a kitty web tied between two trees. And Charlie told the kids that he was so proud because the thunder and lightning he made was not the scary kind, it was just the fun kind. And all of the kids said Yay. And Charlie put back on his pirate hat and Charlie and his mom went all the way back home and they lived happily ever after. The end. My dad stories was the best. Podcast have your lunch.