Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup stories. And I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird. AI. Lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use AI. My name is Landon. My name is Nathaniel.com. You're doing the makeup stories club. Okay, jesse, what do you want tonight's? Makeup Story to be about grass that can make people turn into, like, animals. Grass that can make people turn into animals. And Jonah, what do you want tonight's? makesup Story to be about a thing that if you touch it, it takes you and goes your brain splits it in half, in one pot, saved up, and you can't die. Okay? Jonah wants the story to be about something where if you touch it, it kind of splits up your brain into half, and then it's like it saves part of it so you can't really die. And Jesse wants it to be about grass where when you touch the grass, it turns you into an animal, okay? Only like, the grass forms only people that are, like, old, like grandmas, okay? And the grass only turns people that are, like, old into animals. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse, they used to think that they lived in a regular house because the house had, like, bathrooms and it had bedrooms, it had a kitchen and stuff like that. But sometimes while they were sleeping, they would hear some noises. And the grownups always told them, don't worry about those noises. It's just the wind or something making like a creaking sound. But Jonah and Jesse knew that the noises were really from something. And one day, while Jonah and Jesse were alone in their room, the floor to their room opened. And there was really like a door that went under the floor. And there were people that had green faces and green arms, and it looks like they didn't have bones in those kinds of people. It was more like they were made almost of, like, slime. So they were like kind of rubbery kinds of people. And they opened up that door that was under Jonah and Jesse's floor, and they asked Jonah and Jesse if they wanted to go down to their house. And they said that they lived under Jonah and Jesse's house. And that's why sometimes they would hear noises and their parents would just tell them not to worry. Jonah and Jesse weren't sure if they should go, but the people seemed nice, so they decided they would just check it out for a little bit. And so they went down on the ladder into the underground part of their house where the green slimy people lived, and they saw that there were some disco lights, and the disco lights were like pink and yellow and blue, and they were going in circles. And the green slimy people, they were driving around in bumper cars, and the bumper cars were on ice, and they were driving around in bumper cars in the ice, and they were playing some music, and then they were bumping into each other, and jesse was like, oh, that's where that noise at the night time was coming from. And then all of the green slimy people started to laugh because they thought it was so silly. And they told jonah and jesse that sometimes jonah and jesse were noisy. And the green slimy people, well, they used to go to sleep during the day, so when jonah and jesse were running around during the day, they would be running on jonah and jesse's floor, but that was the ceiling for the green slimy people. And they told jonah and jesse that they used to be scared of joan and jesse, but now they knew that they were just people because they never even met people before. And jonah and jesse asked where they even came from because they'd never seen these green slimy kind of people before. And they told jonah and jesse that they used to be people, too. But the reason they got green is that they ate some kind of grass. And when they ate the grass, they turned green. And the grass was a special kind of grass, where if you ate it and you were old, then you stopped getting old, and you wouldn't die. But instead, you turned into one of these green slimy people, and you had to live underground. And the reason you had to live underground is because the sun, well, that melted the slime so they couldn't be exposed to any light except for disco lights. Disco lights were okay because they weren't so very shiny. Jonah and jesse told them that they needed to go back up to their room because their parents would be worried about them if it was morning time and they weren't in their bunk beds. And the green slimy people said okay. And so jonah and jesse went up the ladder, and they closed the hatch on their floor, and they went back in bed. And then soon, when they thought it was morning time, jonah and jesse rushed to their parents room, and they said, mom, dad, guess what we figured out about the green slimy people that live under the floor. And first, steve and amanda were quiet because grownups try to keep these slimy people secret from kids. That's why grown ups say that it's just noises during the night, because grownups don't want kids to know about these green slimy people, because otherwise kids might during the night, they might try to open up their floors and try to play, and then they wouldn't get sleep, and then they would be so tired the next day. So first steve and amanda said, jonah and jesse, maybe you were just having a dream and there weren't really those green slimy people, but jesse said he knew they were real. And jonah said, look, come on. And jonah took steve's hand, and they walked over to his room. And then jonah said, look, it's under the floor right over here, and you just open up the floor, and then I'll take you to see them also. And when jonah tried to open up the floor, he saw that it was stuck and it wouldn't open. And he said, dad, I'm telling you, last night this floor opened. And we went underground, and we saw the green slimy people. And steve said that he thought that jonah was just tricking. And jonah said, okay, how about this idea? Tonight, you and mom sleep in my room also, and you guys sleep in the bottom bunk bed, and me and jesse will sleep together on the top bunk bed. And so the next night, steve and amanda shared the bottom bunk bed, and jesse and jonah stayed on the top. And the green slimy people, they really wanted to play. And so they opened up the hatch on the floor, and they said, playtime, everyone. And little did they know that the parents were there. And when steve and amanda saw them, they were so surprised. But they were happy to play also because it was fun for grown ups to play with them also. So they all went down into the hatch. And this time, they weren't playing bumper cars. They were playing a different kind of game that's even more fun. It was a snowball fight. But the kind of snow that they played with was green snow. And when you threw it on somebody, it turned into a bunch of sprinkles. And so it was really fun to play that game of like the snowball fight where the snowballs were green and turned into sprinkles. Eat the snowballs. Yeah, because you got to eat the snowballs if somebody threw a snowball on you. And it was a lot of fun to play that. But soon it was like going to be morning time again, and they wanted to make sure they got sleep. And so jonah and jesse and steve and amanda told them that they'd have to go visit again. And one of the green slimy creatures said, hey, there's a way that if you don't want to die when you get old and you want to save yourself, we invented a special green slime device that when you put your finger in it and touch that slime, then the slime goes all over your skin and all over your body. And then when it goes on top of your eye, it takes a picture of what your brain looks like. And because it takes a picture of what your brain looks like, it saves it so that it saves all of your memories and everything that you ever thought. And then this way, when you're going to die, instead of just like, dying like a regular person, it could turn you into one of these green creatures. And then you'll remember everything, like when you were a person, but you'll also just get to party all the time. And they asked jesse and jonah and steve and amanda if they wanted to try that green slime out. And jesse and jonah and steve and amanda said, not today, but maybe when we're older. And then they went out of the hatch, and they went back to sleep. And jesse and jonah and steve and amanda lived happily ever after. The end. And my name is Kencho. Thank you for listening to makeup stories. If you want to be part of the club, go to makeup stories.com. Tell your friends.