Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a family named the Kalulas. The Kalulas were like regular people, but they had orange skin and three legs. They lived in a village called Kalula Ville, and all of their friends were also orange and had three legs. They used special bicycles with three pedals. The Kalulas wished to become regular colored people.

One day, there were two Kalulas named Nono and Theo. Nono and Theo went down the road to the pool. The pool in Kalula land was full of red paint. They decided to swim in the red paint pool and splash about, making red paint splashes everywhere. After they got out of the pool, they took a shower, and the red paint washed off their orange bodies, but it got stuck to their hair. Nono asked Theo, "Why is my hair so red?" Theo replied, "My hair is red too." They both looked in the mirror, went back to their house, and told their mom that the red paint was staying on their hair.

That night, when their mom put them to bed, they noticed that their hair had grown a little bit. The next day, Nono and Theo's hair was longer than their mom's. Their hair kept growing until it went all the way down their backs, and they kept getting bigger. Nono and Theo's hair kept growing until it dragged on the floor behind them.

Nono and Theo's mama, Mrs. Kalula, said to them, "It's time for you guys to get a haircut." Nono agreed, but Theo disagreed. They made a deal that they would get a haircut if their mom gave them a lollipop. Mama Kalula agreed, and they took their bikes to the barber, where they would get the haircut. They pedaled their three-pedal bike with their three legs and went all the way to the barber shop in Kalulaville.

The barber shop in Kalulaville was a little bit silly because instead of a regular door, it had an open window that you climbed through, and there was a slide on the other side of the window. You would walk up a ladder to get to the window, climb through the window, and slide down into the barbershop.

Nono and Theo were happy to be there because their hair had grown so long that after they climbed up the ladder into the Kalula Barber Shop, their hair didn't even go down the slide. On the other side, Mrs. Kalula brought Nono and Theo's hair down the slide into the barbershop. When they got in, they saw the barber, who was a piggy. The piggy barber said, "I have scissors, and I'm going to cut your hair." Nono and Theo told the barber that their hair was magic because they once swam in a pool with red paint, and their hair got red and stayed red after that. The barber said, "Well, then I'm going to have to use my rainbow sprinkle scissors." Nono and Theo agreed.

The barber got out his rainbow sprinkle scissors and started cutting Nono and Theo's hair at the same time. As he cut their hair, he sang a song that went like this: "Nono Kalula, Theo Kalula, Nono Kalula, Theo Kalula," and he kept singing that song over and over again. After he snipped their hair off, it made a big pile.

Nono and Theo looked at the big pile of red hair, and they saw that it went all the way up to the ceiling. The barber said that because this was magic hair, they would try to turn it into a nice monster. Nono and Theo agreed to help the barber turn their hair into a nice, magical monster. The barber said they had to turn some fans on to make it windy in the barbershop. He turned the fans on, and the hair blew all over the place. It got on Nono and Theo's face, and even on Mrs. Kalula's mouth and tongue, which made her sad.

As the hair blew all over the place, it seemed almost like a tornado. Nono and Theo said "Yes, yes, no, no." The hair changed colors from red to green. When it came together, Nono and Theo saw a blue, four-legged monster. The monster had a nose made out of blueberries. They decided to call it the Blueberry Monster.

The Blueberry Monster was very silly because every time he talked, yogurt would come out of his mouth. Nono and Theo told their mom that the monster came out of their magic hair. The monster decided it was time for him to leave the barbershop, but he couldn't fit through the window and couldn't get up the slide because the yogurt made him slip. The monster was stuck in the barbershop, and the barber told the monster he could live there. Nono and Theo promised to feed the monster and sing songs with him when they got haircuts. The monster was really happy.

The next day, it was a sunny day, and Nono and Theo asked their mom to take them to a swimming pool. Their mom agreed, and they got their swimsuits ready. When they got to the pool, they saw the barber was there with the Blueberry Monster in a pickup truck. The Blueberry Monster went into the pool with Nono and Theo and splashed about and played. They had so much fun swimming with the Blueberry Monster.

After the pool, Nono and Theo got out, took a shower, and their hair stopped being red and became regular orange hair like the rest of the Kalulas. Their mom told them that their hair was not magic anymore because the shower washed out the red part. Nono agreed, but Theo disagreed. They decided that it was good to have regular orange hair like the rest of the Kalulas.

They went home and went to bed. As they went to bed, their mom told them a special story about people with just two legs. Nono and Theo thought the story was very funny. Nono and Theo Kalula lived happily ever after. The end.