Welcome back to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. My name is Steve. I make up new stories every night without preparing to put my five year old son to bed. You should listen to another story tomorrow, but right now, we're ready for today's story. So get ready. Get tucked in. Makeup story time begin. Today's story is a request from a listener who ask that we make up a story involving Nono and Theo. And they want the story to have haircuts, singing songs and swimming. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a family named the Kalulas, and the Kalulas were like regular people, but they had orange skin and three legs. The Kalulas lived in a village named Kalula Ville, and all of the Kalula's friends were also orange and also had three legs. They had to use special bicycles, which had three pedals. And the Kalulas wanted to become regular colored people. So one day, there was one Kalula named Nono and another Kalula named Theo, and Nono and Theo Kalula went down the road all the way to the pool. And the pool in Kalula land was full of red paint. So they decided to swim in the red paint pool and splash about, making red paint splashes, and the red paint got all over the place. After they got out of the pool, they started taking a shower, and the red paint got off their orange bodies, but it got stuck to their hair. And no no said to Theo, why is my hair so red? And Theo said to Nono, my hair is red too. And they both looked in the mirror, and they went back to their house and told their mom that the red paint was staying on their hair. Well, when their mom put them to bed that night, they noticed that their hair had grown a little bit. And Nono and Theo Kalula were walking around the house the next day with hair that was longer than their mom's. And Nono and Theo's hair kept growing until it went all the way down their backs, and they kept getting bigger. And Nono and Kalula's hair and Theo's hair kept growing all the way until it dragged in the floor behind them. Well, Nono and Theo's mama, Mrs. Kalula, said to them, it's time for you guys to get a haircut. And no. No said yes, yes. And Theo said no. No. But Nono and Theo Kalula decided to make a deal, which is that they would go get a haircut if their mom gave them a lollipop. So Mama Kalula agreed, and they decided to take their bikes all the way to the barber, where they would get the haircut, and they pedaled their three pedal bike with their three legs, and they went all the way to the barber shop in Kalulaville. The barber shop in Kalulaville was a little bit silly because instead of a regular door, it had an open window that you climbed through, and there was a slide on the other side of the window. So you would walk up a ladder to get to the window, climb through the window, and slide down into the barbershop in Kalulaville. Well, Nono and Theo were really happy to be there because their hair had grown so long that after they climbed up the ladder into the Kalula Barber Shop, their hair didn't even go down the slide. So on the other side, mrs. Kalula got Nono and Theo's hair and brought it down the slide into the barbershop. And when they got into the barber shop, they saw the barber, who was a piggy, and the piggy barber barber said, I have scissors, and I'm going to cut your hair. And Nono and Theo Kalula told the barber that their hair was magic because they once swam in a pool with red paint, and their hair got red and stayed red after that. And the barber said, well, then I'm going to have to use my rainbow sprinkle scissors. And nono. And Theo Kalula said okay. So the barber got out his rainbow sprinkle scissors and started cutting no no and Theo's hair at the same time. And as he started cutting the hair, he sang a song that went like this. No, no, Kalula the yo Kalula no no Kalula the yo Kalula and he kept singing that song over and over again. And as he sang the song, he snipped their hair, and after he snipped their hair off, it made a big pile. And Nono and Theo Kalula turned around, and they looked at the big pile of red hair, and they saw that it went all the way up to the ceiling. And the barber said to Nono and Theo Kalula that because this was magic hair, they would try to turn it into a nice monster. So after Nono and Theo got their hair cut, they told the barber that they would help him turn their hair into a nice, magical monster. And the barber said that the way that they would do it is they had to turn some fans on to make it kind of windy in the barbershop. And then he turned the fan on, the fans on, and the hair blew all over the place in the barbershop, and there was red hair that blew all around. It got a no known Theo's face, and it even got on Mrs. Kalula's, on her mouth, on her tongue, and she was sad about that. But as the hair blew all over the place, it seemed almost like a tornado, and no no. And Theo said yes. Yes. No. No. And as they said that, the hair changed colors, and it wasn't red, it turned green. And when it came together, no no. And Theo saw that there was a blue, four legged monster, and the monster was the same kind of shape as, like, a dog or a lion or a kitty cat. Because it had four legs just like them. It didn't have three legs like the Nono and Theo Kalula. And this monster had a nose that was made out of blueberries. And so no. No. And Theo decided to call it the Blueberry Monster. Well, the Blueberry Monster was very silly, because every time he talked, yogurt would come out of his mouth. And Nono and Theo Kalula told their mom that the monster came out of their magic hair. Well, the monster decided it was time for him to go out of the barbershop, but he couldn't fit through because there was no door in this barbershop, and he couldn't get up the slide because the Yogurt made him slip down the slide. So the monster was stuck in the barbershop, and the barber told the monster that he could live there and that the Kalulas, Nono and Theo would go feed the monster. And Nono and Theo said, Mr. Blueberry Monster, next time I come and get a haircut, I'll sing songs with you. And the monster was really happy. The next day. It was a really sunny day, and Nono and Theo decided that their mom should take them to a swimming pool, and their mom said, okay. So they got their swimsuit ready, and as they got to the pool, the mom brought some floaty equipment and some balls to play with. And when they got to the pool, they saw that the barber was there, and the barber brought a pickup truck, and in the pickup truck, he had the Blueberry Monster. And the Blueberry monster went into the pool with no no and Theo Kalula. And the Blueberry Monster splashed about and played. And Nono and Theo had so much fun swimming in the pool with the Blueberry Monster. And after the pool, this was a regular colored pool. After the pool, no no and Theo got out, and they took a shower, and their hair stopped being red and became regular orange hair just like the rest of the Kalulas. And their mama told them that now their hair is not magic anymore because the shower washed out the red part. And no. No said yes, yes. And Theo said no. No. But they decided, ultimately that it was good to have regular orange hair just like the rest of the Kalulas. So they went home and went to bed. And as they went to bed, their mama told them a special story, and the story was about people that had just two legs, and the Kalulas thought that story was very funny. And Nono and Theo Kalula lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of this story. I'm going to make up a new story for you tomorrow. It's going to be a good story. Remember to tell your parents that you want to listen to the Makeup Stories podcast tomorrow. The way you tell your parents is you say, I want to listen to more Makeup stories. Then you will get to listen to another story tomorrow. You should also tell your friends to listen to makeup stories. Listen again tomorrow.