Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old girl named Maribel. Maribel loved to explore with her family, and she lived on an island with many trees, lots of grass, and plenty of rocks. One day, while Maribel was playing on a playground and going down a slide, a little bird came up to her. The bird said, "Maribel, there's a secret magical cave on the island that you could visit with your parents. There are things that kids really like in this secret magical cave."

Maribel asked her mom and dad if they could go, and they said yes. So Maribel and her parents followed the bird through the secret trail, which went down some rocks next to a little waterfall and passed a hidden path where many chickens were walking around. Finally, they reached the magical cave. The cave had big doors made out of light, and you could open the door by touching the light and pulling it. You could also close the door by pulling the doorknob. As you walked through the door, a special kind of water would spritz on top of you, like a shower. But guess what? You didn't even get wet! It was a special kind of water that made you even drier.

Inside the magic cave, the first thing Maribel saw was a sign that said "Macaroni Factory." But Maribel knew that a macaroni factory couldn't be in this secret cave on the island because she knew that macaroni was made in a different factory and brought to the island on trucks and boats. So it was a big surprise when Maribel discovered that they had special bandaids in the magical cave. These bandaids could make kids stop crying right away, even if they didn't have a boo-boo. They had different shapes, like triangles and circles. Even if you were sad about something, all you had to do was put on one of the special shape magic bandaids from the cave.

Maribel asked the bird if she could take some of the magic bandaids home, and the bird said yes. As Maribel was taking some of the magic bandaids, she decided to save them for when she needed them. But she was still so happy because the magic cave was a place where you could laugh a lot. There were silly things, like kitty cats as big as bunny rabbits that could jump just like bunnies. There was even a creature that was part kitty cat and part bunny rabbit because a kitty cat and a bunny had touched each other with their heads in a special way, transferring their magic powers.

Maribel thought that was very special. The bunny rabbit kitty cat told Maribel that there was a secret macaroni factory in the cave. Maribel asked where it was, and the bunny rabbit kitty cat hopped along, showing her that deep in the cave, there was a nice witch who pretended to be an evil witch but was really nice. The witch wore a long, triangle-shaped hat, glasses that were a bit too big for her, pajamas, and a big black scarf. The witch had a special pot in which she was cooking macaroni.

The witch said, "Maribel, what brings you here?" Maribel replied, "I'm here because of the kitty cat bunny." The witch explained that this was the secret macaroni factory, and she had to say magic words while stirring the macaroni to make more of it. So Maribel started to stir the macaroni in the witch's pot. It wasn't hot or bubbly, but suddenly it got foggy everywhere, and little lightning colors appeared. A magical sun appeared on the ceiling that could change colors when you said a color out loud. Maribel had fun saying different colors and watching the sun change.

Then, a magic pig appeared on the ceiling that could also change colors when Maribel said a color. Maribel had so much fun trying out different colors with the magic pig and the magic ceiling. As she stirred the pot, more macaroni appeared, spilling out of the pot. The witch told her to keep stirring, and the macaroni started to fill the cave, creating a river that flowed out of the cave and all over the island.

After Maribel did that, the mayor of the city brought in special ducks to clean up the macaroni because, in this story, ducks liked macaroni. There was enough macaroni for the island forever and ever. Maribel and her family lived happily ever after. The end.