Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime wombus. My name is Maribel. I live on San Juan Island. I am five year olds old, and I would like a story about an evil witch, a bowl of magic macaroni, and a magic pig. Thank you. Bye. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old girl whose name is Maribel and who lives on San Juan island. And buddy, what do we know about how long it takes for us to get there? If you use a boat to get there, it would take an hour from where we are. And Maribel asks for us to make up a story that includes an evil witch, some magic macaroni, and a magic pig. And we are going to add a son that got magic to the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old girl whose name was Maribel. And Maribel loved to explore with her family, and she lived on an island where there were so many trees and so much grass and also lots of rocks. One day, as Mirabelle was playing in a playground on the island and going down a slide, there was a little bird that came up to her, and the bird said, mirabelle, there's a secret magical cave in the island that you could go to with your parents. And there's stuff that kids really like in the secret magical cave that is hidden in your island. And Mirabel asked her mom and her dad if she could go, and they said yes. So Mirabelle and her parents followed the bird all the way through the secret trail, which went down some rocks next to a little waterfall and passed a secret path where there are a lot of chickens walking around. And it got finally to a magical cave. The magical cave had big doors, and the doors were made out of light, and you could open the door if you touched the light, and you could pull it, and you could close the door also by pulling it the doorknob. By pulling the doorknob and opening it and closing. And there was also a kind of water that would spritz on top of you as you walk through the door, which was kind of like a shower. But guess what happened about this water, bud? What? You didn't even get wet. It was a special kind of water that made you even drier. And when she got in the magic cave, the first thing that Mirabelle saw was that there was a sign that said Macaroni factory. But Mirabel knew that for sure. The macaroni factory could not be in this secret cave in this magical tunnel on San Juan island, because Mirabelle always already knew that macaroni is made in a different factory, and they bring it on trucks and boats to San Juan island. And so it was a very big surprise when Mirabelle saw that they had a special band aid that they could give kids in the magical cave. And should I tell you how the bandaid worked? Bud? Even if you didn't have a boo boo, when you put on this bandaid, it made you stop crying right away. For all kids, it worked. And they had different shapes bandaids, so you could get a triangle bandaid or a circle bandaid. And even if you weren't bleeding, let's say you were sad about something, all you had to do was put on one of the special shape magic bandaids that were in the cave. And Mirabelle asked the bird that showed her these magic kind of bandaids that made kids not cry anymore. She asked if she could take some home, and the birdie said, okay. Well, just as Mirabelle was trying to take some of the magic bandaids that made kids not cry, even if they got a boo boo, and even if they're sad and even if they're upset and even if they're tired, they still don't cry if they have this magic Band Aid. It tried to walk on her. Well, Mirabelle was she decided she was going to save it up in case she needed to cry. But she was still so happy, because the magic cave was not a place to cry. It was a place where you could laugh so much. And there were silly things. Like there were kitty cats in the magic cave that were as big as bunny rabbits. And the kitty cats could jump just like bunny rabbits. There was a kitty cat that was a kitty cat that touched a bunny rabbit, and they, like, got powers mixed up. Yeah. What happened in that magic cave was that there was a kitty cat and bunny that touched each other with their heads in a special way, and their heads rubbed together, and then they transferred their magic powers. And there was one creature in the magic cave that was part kitty cat and part bunny rabbit, but it could jump as high as a bunny rabbit. They did the head bump. Yeah. It's because they rubbed their heads together with the magic way it made that creature. Yes. So it made that new creature. And Maribel thought that was a very special thing. And this and this bunny rabbit kitty cat said to Maribel that there is a secret macaroni factory in the cave. And Maribel said, Where is it? And the bunny rabbit kitty cat started hopping along and showing Maribel that deep in the cave, there was a nice witch who pretended to be an evil witch, but really she was nice. And she wore an old, long, triangle shaped witch's hat, and she had long glasses that were a little bit too big for her. And she wore pajamas, and she had a big, big scarf on that was the color of black. And the witch had a special pot, and she was cooking. And do you know what was in her pot? What it was macaroni. And the witch said, Mirabelle, Mirabelle, what brings you here? And Mirabelle said, the kitty cat. The kitty cat. I'm here because of the kitty cat bunny. And the witch said, well, this is the place which is the secret macaroni factory. And the way it works is I have to say the magic words as I stir this macaroni. And guess what happens? Becomes magical. And more macaroni comes and more macaroni comes and more and more. So Mirabelle started to stir the macaroni, which was in the witch's pot, and she turned it around and it wasn't even hot and it wasn't bubbly. But suddenly it got foggy everywhere and there were little little lightning colors. And a sun appeared in the ceiling. And the sun that appeared in the ceiling was kind of magical. And it could turn different colors. Can you imagine that bud in the sky if the sun could turn different colors whenever you wanted it to? If you said blue and you even would not mean for the sun to change blue, it went blue. Yeah. And that's in this magic cave, the sun that appeared on the ceiling was so magical that all you had to do is say a color and it would turn into that color. Yeah, you said yellow and then it turned into yellow. Close your eyes and you'll see it actually works. Yes, it works. And then there was a magic pig that was drawn onto the ceiling. It was like the color of a magic pig. And that also changed colors whenever Mirabelle wanted it to. And Mirabelle had so much fun saying different colors and closing her eyes and trying out if it worked. And guess what? The magic pig changed colors to whatever she said. And so did the magic ceiling. And as she was stirring the pot that the witch had, it started to turn into more macaroni. And the macaroni spilled out of the pot. And the witch said Keep stirring. And Mirabelle stirred some more and it turned into more macaroni. It started spilling on the floor. And the witch said Keep stirring. And the macaroni started going all around the cave and it started making a river out of the cave. And the macaroni went all over San Juan Island. And after Mirabelle did that, the mayor of the city said that they will have some special kind of ducks. Clean up the mac and cheese. Because ducks like just regular macaroni or mac and cheese. Wasn't that too much? Well, there were like 1000 ducks that they brought. And in real life, I'm not sure that that's a good idea to give that to a duck. But in makeups, they could like that. And Mirabelle was so happy because there was enough macaroni for San Juan Island forever and ever. And Mirabelle and her family lived happily ever after. The End the One tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.