Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old boy named ASA. ASA was very lucky because the delivery man brought him a telescope that day. The telescope that the delivery man brought ASA was the best telescope in all of Portland. The telescope had a special ball launcher that would shoot out candles that never went out. The telescope that ASA had could shoot out into space wherever it was pointed. It could shoot out lit candles, and the candles would stay lit in space. They would go so far into outer space that the lit candles would look like stars because they would twinkle in the sky when you looked at them from far away.

ASA used his new telescope to shoot lots of candles into space. Each of the candles shined brighter and brighter, and it was very pretty to look at the night sky because of what ASA did. Many scientists and grownups came to ASA's house, and they asked ASA how he was able to shoot those candles all the way into outer space and how the candles never ran out. ASA told them that he used his special telescope. The scientists looked at it to try to figure out how anyone was able to make that telescope that could launch candles into outer space.

ASA had some tools that he used. Sometimes they were kids' play tools, but they worked for this kind of telescope. So ASA helped them take the telescope apart, and when they looked inside, they saw that it had a secret map inside the telescope. The scientists took out the secret map, and ASA asked if he could see it. The scientists showed ASA the secret map that was hidden in his telescope. ASA looked, and he saw that it was very colorful. There were blue parts on the map, and those blue parts, the grownup said, were for water, and there were green parts on the map also. The grownup said that that was a clue for grass or trees.

ASA started looking because he saw a certain part that had a chicken. He had never seen a chicken on a map before. It was like a picture of a chicken, right, by some of the green stuff. ASA asked the grownups if the chicken picture was very important for the map. The grownups said they were going to have to go see. ASA followed the map and showed the grownups that there was a green spot next to his house, and there was a pond there, and the pond had a lot of water, and that's why it showed some blue on the map. The scientist said that was good, using some clues, ASA.

When they got there, there was a chicken who was in the middle of the lake on a rock. ASA took a boat over, and the grownups went in the boat with ASA, and they all wore life jackets. They rode over to the chicken in the middle of the lake that was sitting on a rock. As they started rowing over, their oars, which they used to push the boat, fell off. ASA started to use the telescope to make the boat go. He pretended it was an oar and put it in the water because this kind of telescope didn't break even in the water, and it was used to get to the middle of the lake where the chicken was.

Once they got to the chicken, the chicken jumped up and jumped in the boat. ASA noticed that there was an egg right under the chicken on top of the rock in the middle of the lake. The egg had a smiley face on it. Just as ASA told the scientists that there was an egg on the rock, it hatched. The egg that hatched turned into another egg. There was an egg inside the egg. The egg that was inside the egg had a hand picture on it. The egg that was inside the egg picked up its hand and made its own egg crack. There was another egg inside, and the egg that was inside the egg that was inside the egg had a mouth.

The egg that was inside the egg that was inside the egg opened its mouth and told ASA, "ASA, I'm where the treasure map leads. The treasure map led to an egg that could talk. But if you want to save the day, you have to take me away and tell the chicken that it should go with you to Portland, Maine." ASA said okay. ASA reached out of the boat, wearing a life jacket, and grabbed the egg with the smiley face. He was about to tell the chicken that it needed to come with them back to his house. But the egg that could talk that had a mouth cracked, and there was another treasure map inside. The egg that was inside the egg that was inside the egg that was inside the egg had a treasure map.

This was a treasure map that could talk. ASA looked at the treasure map, and the treasure map was talking to ASA. It said, "ASA, do you see that I'm a treasure map egg? Because I have green lines on me and blue, and I even have a gold line on me." ASA said, "I see. I see. And I've never seen an egg with a treasure map that could talk." The egg said, "Bring me home to your mom." ASA said okay. ASA rode the boat with the grownups and scientists back to the shore, and they all went in a car together, and they went to ASA's house. ASA showed his mom that he had an egg with a treasure map on it that could talk. ASA's mom said, "Wow, ASA, you're going to be so famous now. All of the kids in the world are going to want to share so much with you, and they're going to want to be your friend, and everyone's going to want to play with you. Because you followed one treasure map and you went to a lake and you found out that there was a chicken in the middle of the lake, and you found out that there was a silly egg under the chicken that could do special things."

ASA said, "Yeah, mom, everyone's going to be so proud, and they're going to want to turn." Just as he said that, the egg with a treasure map turned into two eggs with a treasure map, and then it kept splitting into more and more eggs until there were so many chickens, and there were so many chickens all over ASA's house. All of the chickens had treasure maps drawn all over their wings and stuff. All of those chickens started going out of ASA's house and running around Portland, Maine, and all of the kids in Portland, Maine were trying to catch the chickens because they all wanted a treasure map. ASA was so happy because other kids could find treasure. They never died. ASA and his family lived happily ever after. The end.