This is Willie. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is ASA, and I live in Maine, and I would make a story about an egg who can talk, christmas lights and a candle that can never run out. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old boy whose name is ASA and who lives in Portland, Maine. And ASA asked for us to make up a story that includes a candle that never runs out and an egg that could talk and Christmas lights. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old boy whose name was ASA. ASA was very lucky because the delivery man brought him a telescope that day. And the telescope that the delivery man brought ASA was the best telescope in the whole Portland. And the telescope had a kind of ball launcher that would shoot out candles that never went out. Yeah. And the telescope that ASA had had kind of like a rocket launcher on it that could shoot out into space wherever the telescope was pointed. It could shoot out candles that were lit, and the candles would stay lit. In space. And they would go so far into outer space that the candles that were lit would look like stars because they would twinkle in the sky when you looked at them from far away. And so ASA used his new telescope to shoot a lot of candles into space. And each of the candles shined brighter and brighter, and it was very pretty to look at the night sky because of what ASA did. And so a lot of scientists and grownups came to ASA's house, and they asked ASA, ASA, how were you able to shoot those candles all the way into outer space? And the candles never run out. And ASA told them that he used his special telescope. How did anyone even make it? And the scientists looked at it to try to figure out how anyone was able to make that telescope that could launch candles into outer space. And what the scientists figured out, because ASA had some tools that ASA used. Sometimes they were kids play tools, but it worked for this kind of telescope. So ASA helped them take the telescope apart, and when they looked inside, they saw that it had a secret map inside the telescope. And the scientists took out the secret map, and ASA asked if he could see it. And the scientists showed ASA the secret map that was hidden in his telescope. And ACA looked, and he saw that it was very colorful. There were blue parts on the map, and those blue parts, the grownup said, were for water, and there were green parts on the map also. And the grownup said that that was a clue for grass or trees. And asus started looking because he saw a certain part that had a chicken. And he had never seen a chicken on a map before. It was like a picture of a chicken, right, by some of the green stuff. I don't think chickens are very important. Yeah, I don't think they're very important either. And so ASA asked that same question. He asked the grownups, is the chicken picture very important for the map? And the grownups said, we're going to have to go see. And so ASA followed the map and showed the grownups that there was a green spot next to his house and there was a pond there, and the pond is a lot of water, and that's why it showed some blue on the map. And the scientist said, that is good, using some clues, ASA and when they got there, there was a chicken who was in middle of the lake on a rock. I've never seen a chicken in middle of a lake. Yeah, I've never seen a chicken in the middle of the lake on a rock either. Usually you could see like, maybe ducks in middle of the lake on a rock, but not a chicken. Right. Because I don't think chickens like water so much. I have a question. What's your question? At that house, was it just a house where chickens are ducks and ducks are chickens? That is a good question. No, it's a regular chicken. But do you know why the chicken was sitting on that rock in middle of the lake? Why? There used to be just a walk, but then it went, so no, I'm going to tell you, Bud. ASA took a boat over and the grownups went in the boat with ASA and they all wore life jackets, and they rode over to the chicken in middle of the lake that was sitting on a rock. And as they started rowing over their oars, which they used to push the boat, those oars help boats row, helps you row a boat. They fell off. And so do you know what Asus started to do? What? He started to use the telescope to make the boat go. He pretended it was an ore and put it in the water, because this kind of telescope didn't break even in the water, and it used it to get to the middle of the lake where the chicken was. And once they got to the chicken, the chicken jumped up and jumped in the boat. And do you know what ASA noticed? What? That there was an egg right under the chicken on top of the rock in middle of the lake. Did it accidentally fall? No, it didn't fall. It was a special egg because it had a smiley face on it. And just ASA told the scientists that there was an egg on the rock. It hatched. Yeah, you were right. And the egg that hatched, hatched into another egg. There was an egg inside the egg, bud what? And then the ASA saw that the egg inside of the egg had a hand picture on it. Was it just a little toy that was transformed? No. The egg that was inside the egg picked up its hand and made its own egg crack. And do you know what was inside? What? Another egg. There was another egg inside, and the egg that was inside the egg that was inside the egg had a mouth. And the egg that was inside the egg that was inside the egg opened its mouth and told ASA, ASA, I'm where the treasure map leads. Really? The treasure map led to an egg that could talk. But if you want to save the day, you have to take me away and tell the chicken that it should go with you to Portland, Maine. And ASA said, okay. And ASA reached out of the boat. He was wearing a life jacket, so it was okay. And he grabbed the egg with the smiley face, and he was about to tell the chicken that it needed to come with them back to his house. But do you know what happened? The egg that could talk that had a mouth cracked. And do you know what was inside? What? There was another treasure map. The egg that was inside. The egg that was inside the egg that was inside the egg had a treasure map. Yeah. And this was a treasure map that could talk. And ASA looked at the treasure map, and the treasure map was talking to ASA. And it said, ASA, do you see that I'm a treasure map egg? Because I have green lines on me and blue, and I even have a gold line on me. And ASA said, I see. I see. And I've never seen an egg with a treasure map that could talk. And the egg said, Bring me home to your mom. And ASA said, okay. And ASA rode the boat with the grownups and scientists back to the shore, and they all went in a car together, and they went to ACA's house. And ASA showed his mom that he had an egg with a treasure map on it that could talk. And ACA's mom said, wow, ASA, you're going to be so famous now. All of the kids in the world are going to want to share so much with you, and they're going to want to be your friend, and everyone's going to want to play with you. Because you followed one treasure map and you went to a lake and you found out that there was a chicken in the middle of the lake, and you found out that there was a silly egg under the chicken that could do special things. And ASA said, yeah, mom, everyone's going to be so proud, and they're going to want to turn. And just as he said that, the egg with a treasure map turned into two eggs with a treasure map, and then it kept splitting into more and more eggs until you know what happened. They hatched into so many chickens, and there were so many chickens all over Ace's house. And all of the chickens had treasure maps drawn all over their wings and stuff. And so all of those chickens started going out of ACA's house and running around Portland, Maine, and all of the kids and Portland, Maine were trying to catch the chickens because they all wanted a treasure map. And ASA was so happy because other kids could find treasure. No. And they never died. And ASA and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Get the late Dab TOWIE. Tell all your friends. Thank you.