Once upon a time, there was a four-year-old boy named Ilias and his sister, Nyla. Ilias and Nyla were in the middle of watching Paw Patrol on their TV when they saw Chase appear and say, "Chase is on the case." Just then, the TV started shaking, and it looked like it was getting bigger and bigger, like a giant computer screen. And guess what happened next? Chase and Ryder came out of the television and into Ilias and Nyla's room!

Chase told Ilias and Nyla that he and Ryder needed their help. Nyla asked, "What happened, Chase? Why do you need our help?" Chase, who was like a police car with a net, said there was an emergency. A rocket ship had gone to space with a meteor inside, and they needed to get the meteor back to save a city. Ilias and Nyla didn't know how they could help since they were just kids, but Chase said, "Follow me." He made room in his car for Ilias and Nyla, and they started to go outside.

Luckily, Chase had two car seats in his car that day. Ilias and Nyla buckled up, and they went down the street. Suddenly, they saw a unicorn stuck in a net! Chase said they needed to free the unicorn before they could get the rocket ship from space. Maybe the unicorn could help them! Ilias had an idea to get the unicorn out of the net, and Nyla thought she knew what he was thinking. They called for help from another Paw Patrol character - Rubble! Rubble came to help, and together with Chase, they freed the unicorn from the net.

Once the unicorn was free, it went up to Nyla and told her that it had been on a walk with Princess Elsa from Frozen when Elsa disappeared. The unicorn, named Uni, was so grateful for being saved that it offered to help Ilias and Nyla on their mission. They told Uni about the rocket ship and the meteor, and Uni had an idea. Uni told Ilias and Nyla to hop on its back for a ride. Riding a unicorn was so much fun because their hair was soft and comfortable.

As they rode, Uni spotted a little doll that looked like Princess Elsa. Nyla thought it was the real Elsa, but Uni explained that it was just a doll it loved very much. Chase used his net to get the doll and gave it to Nyla. Just then, they saw a frozen lake with ducks slipping on the ice. They also saw Elsa, who had fallen off Uni and slipped on the ice. She had a boo-boo on her knee.

Rubble and Marshall came to help, giving Elsa a magic bandaid that made her knee all better. Elsa then joined Ilias, Nyla, and Uni on their mission to get the rocket ship. She had an idea: they would fly up to the clouds on Uni, then plant a magic seed that would grow a tree all the way to outer space. They could climb the tree to reach the rocket ship.

So, they flew up to the clouds and planted the magic seed. The tree grew incredibly fast, reaching outer space in no time. Chase drove up the tree, using his net to catch the rocket ship and bring it back down to the clouds. With the help of Uni and Ryder, they brought the rocket ship and meteor back to Earth.

Ilias and Nyla had saved the day, and everyone in the city, including Mayor Goodinger, was so happy with them. They all clapped and cheered for Ilias and Nyla. When they went home, their mom had fixed the television and asked if they had an adventure. Ilias and Nyla told their mom the whole story, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.