Once upon a time there was a four-year-old boy named Ilias and he had a sister named Nyla. Ilias and Nyla were in the middle of watching Paw Patrol. They were watching it on ATV and they saw Chase come on the TV and he said, "Chase is on the case." And just when he said that, the TV started shaking. And after the TV started shaking, it looked like the television was getting bigger and bigger and it looked kind of like a big computer screen, but it kept getting bigger and bigger. And then you know what happened? Chase came out of the television. And usually things can't come out of a television, you could just see it on a television. But Chase was able to go out of the television. And do you know who else? Guess who else from Paw Patrol came out? Rider. Yeah, Ryder also came out of the television. And they went right in Ilias and Nyla's room.

And Chase told Ilias and Nyla that he and Ryder needed their help. And Nyla said, "What happened, Chase? Why do you need my help?" And Chase is like a police car that had a net. And he said there's been an emergency. There's a rocket ship that went to space and it has a meteor in it. And we need to get that meteor back because the meteor is important to save a city. And Ilius and Nyla said, "But we're just regular people. We're just a four-year-old boy and a girl. How could we even help?" And Chase said, "Follow me." And he made room in his car for Ilias and Nyla and they started to go outside on the street.

Ilias and Nyla were very lucky because do you know what Chase had in his car that day? Two car seats. And Ilias went in one car seat and Nyla went in the other car seat and Chase turned on his siren and said, and Ilias and Nyla were going down the street when suddenly they saw something. And the thing that they saw was a unicorn who was stuck in a net. And Chase said, "Look, there's a unicorn stuck in the net. I think we're going to have to get the unicorn out of the net before we could get the rocket ship from space. Maybe the unicorn could get the rocket. Yeah, because the unicorn could help us get the rocket." And Ilias said, "Wait. I have an idea for how to get the unicorn out of the net." And Nihilus said, "I think I know what you're going to say." And do you know what other character from Paw Patrol they called for help? What? Guess what? Rubble. Yes. They called Rubble. And Rubble said, "Rubble, on the double." And Rubble from Paw Patrol came, and Rubble said, "Uh-oh, I see there's a unicorn in the net. And the unicorn's horn was stuck in the net. And the unicorn said, "Please, please, can you get me out?" And Rubble said, "Rubble, on the double." And Chase said, "Chase is on the case." And Chase zoomed his police car around and then used his net to attach to the other net. And he and Rubble pulled the net, and finally, it got off of the unicorn.

When the unicorn was free from the net, the unicorn went right up to Nyla, and the unicorn told Nyla that he was going on a little unicorn walk with Princess Elsa from Frozen. And suddenly, Princess Elsa disappeared. And then the unicorn fell in the net and was trapped. And the unicorn said, because they helped free the unicorn. The unicorn was so happy and was going to help them on their mission. And Ilya said, "Well, our mission is we have to get a rocket ship from space because the rocket ship has a meteor that we need to save the city." And the unicorn, whose name is Uni, said, "I have an idea." And Ilius and Nyla said, "What's your idea?" And the unicorn said, "Hop on my back." And Ilius and Nyla went on the unicorn for a ride. And it was so fun to be on the unicorn because unicorns have such soft hair, and unicorns are very comfortable to ride on, and they have special parts on the back of their neck where you could even brush it, or you could put your fingers through the hair. And when you put their fingers through a unicorn's hair, it feels like a very soft blankie.

And the unicorn, as he was walking, he said, "Oh, that's what I dropped." And do you know what he saw? What? A little doll that looked like Princess Elsa. And Nyla said, "Wait, I thought you had the real Princess Elsa that you were giving a ride." And the unicorn said that he really did. But he also had a Princess Elsa doll that he loved so much. And so Chase on the case, got the Princess Elsa doll in a net and threw it up to the unicorn. And Nyla caught the Princess Elsa doll just as they caught the Princess Elsa doll. They saw that there was a frozen lake, and there were duckies that were walking on the frozen lake, and they were slipping around because ducks are not so good at walking on ice. Oh, but they were there because the lake used to be watery. Yeah, but they were there because the lake used to be watery. And the ducks were going, "March, march, march." Yeah, they were going, "March, march, march." And when Ilyas and Nyla looked at where they were marching, they saw that Elsa was there. And Elsa said, "Thank you so much for saving me. I fell off the unicorn, and I slipped on this ice, and all the duckies were trying to march to me, but the duckies couldn't even help me get up. And I think I got a boo-boo." And they looked at Princess Elsa, and she scraped her knee.

Well, luckily, Rubble had a special princess Elsa Bandaid. Do you know what, Rubble yeah. And Marshall also came, and Marshall gave Princess Elsa a Princess Elsa bandaid to put on her knee, and it was a magic bandaid. And right when Princess it was right when Princess Elsa put it on her knee, do you know what happened? It got right better all the way. And then her knee was so strong, they were able to take it off. Yeah. So they could take it off. And then it was all better. And then Princess Elsa asked if she could go on the unicorn for a ride with Ilias and Nyla. And Ilius and Nyla said, "Okay." And Elsa said, "Well, I heard about there was a rocket ship that took a meteor to space, and we're going to need to get it. I have an idea for how to get it." And Ilius and Nyla asked how. And Elsa said, "Well, the way that we could get it is, first of all, unicorns could fly. And so the unicorn will fly so high into the sky. And then when we get on top of the clouds, because unicorns can't fly to outer space, we're going to use a magic seed to plant a tree on top of a cloud. Yeah. And then we're going to climb up that tree that would grow on top of the cloud and go all the way to outer space. Well, because it was a magic tree." And so Princess Elsa took the magic seed out of her pocket, and the unicorn flew up to the clouds with Ilius and Nyla, and they planted a tree, and it grew so quickly, it grew even faster than rain comes down from the sky. But it grew up into outer space fast. Like right when they were about to say something, it was already done before they could even say poof, the tree grew, and it grew so high, all the way to outer space, and it had a road on the tree.

And Chase said, "Chase is on the case." And Chase drove up the tree all the way to outer space, and he used his net to catch the rocket ship in the net, and he pulled it back down to the clouds, and the rocket ship had the meteor in it. And when he got to the clouds, the unicorn helped. Yeah. And Ryder fired it down. And Ilyas and Nyla went down from the clouds and they saved the day. And everyone in the city, including the mayor, was so happy with them. There was a mayor of the city whose name was Mayor Goodinger. And Mayor Goodinger was actually a good mayor. And Mayor Goodinger said, "Thank you, Ilias. And thank you, Nyla, for saving the day." And everyone in the city started to clap. And Ilias and Nyla went home that day to their mom who had fixed the television, and their mom said, "Did you guys have an adventure?" And Ilias and Nyla said that they would tell their mom all about the story. And Ilias and Nyla told the mom the story, and they lived happily ever after. The end.