Once upon a time, a long time ago, Dove was playing in the playground. Dove loved to go on swings. And when he went on swings, he always told his mom to push him so high. And his mom used to say, "How high do you want me to push you?" And Dove used to say, "As high as a fire truck." And then Dove's mom would push him as high as a fire truck. And he would say, "Higher, higher." And then Dove would say, "Push me as high as a redwood tree." And then his mom would push him even higher. And then when he was so high, Dove would say, "Push me as high as a skyscraper." And his mom would push him so high that when Dove was the highest in the whole playground.

On the swing, he saw something on the top of the trees on the other side of the playground. The thing that he saw was some construction, but the construction didn't look like regular construction. So Dove told his mom that it was time for them to leave the playground to go on an adventure to see about the special construction. And his mom said okay.

As he was going, Dove heard an ice cream truck. And the ice cream truck was making some noise and making a little bit of music. And he said, "Wait, let's go get some ice cream on the way to the special adventure to see the construction behind the trees behind the playground." And they stopped at the ice cream truck. The ice cream truck was really silly because usually ice cream trucks have an ice cream truck driver that's a man or that's a lady that would give them ice cream. But this ice cream truck was so silly because it had a gorilla as a driver. And the gorilla ice cream truck driver had person eyes but a gorilla's nose, and it had fur on its face or hair like a gorilla has. And it would pound on its chest and say, "Humba lumbalumbalump." And Dove said, "Excuse me, Mr. Gorilla, can I have two ice creams? One thing I want is an ice cream cone for me to eat. And the other thing I want is an ice cream special cup full of ice cream, that's yellow ice cream, which I will save up for someone else in case I meet them on adventure." And the gorilla said, "Humbalumbalumbalum," and gave him two ice creams. Dove's mom had to hold one of the ice creams because it's hard for a kid to hold two ice creams at the same time and eat one of them or else it might spill.

Well, they went behind the forest that was on the other side of the playground, and they saw some really silly construction. The construction that they saw behind the playground looked like it was kitty cats running the construction equipment. And there was a tractor, and there was a kitty cat driving the tractor, and there was a dump truck, and there was a kitty cat driving the dump truck, and there was an excavator, and there was a little kitten who was driving the excavator, and there was a steering wheel that the kitten was able to use. And there were so many different construction trucks. And Dove said, "Why are those kitty cats driving construction vehicles and what are they making?" And just as he said that, the king kitty cat, who was wearing a crown and had a special cape, came right up to Dove and his mom and said, "Meow?" And Dove said, "Could this kitty cat even talk English like regular people?" And the kitty cat said, "Meow, yes, I can speak English." And Dove said, "Well, what are you guys kitty cats even building here behind the playground? Because I saw when I was on the swing going so, so high, I saw that you were doing some kind of special construction." And the kitty cat said, "We are building a football field." And Dove said, "A football field? Well, I thought football is for people, not for kitty cats." And the kitty cat said, "If you give me the extra yellow ice cream that your mom is holding to save up and you let the kitty cats share it, then I could let you watch a magic game of football." And Dove asked his mom if he was allowed to share the yellow ice cream with the kitty cats. And Dove's mom said yes. So he put it on the ground and so many kittens came over. There were probably like, what's more than seven? Oh, yeah, there were like 20 different kitty cats that came and all of them were sharing the ice cream. Because one secret that some grown-ups know is that kitty cats really love ice cream, because kitty cats like milk, and ice cream has some kind of milk in it.

Well, all of the kitty cats were done having the ice cream, and they were so happy with Dove. So they told Dove that he could be the only three and a half-year-old that got to watch the special magic football game. And Dove said, "Yay." And just as he said that, the kitty cats finished using their construction equipment to build the football field and they put grass on it and it was ready. And football is usually a game that people play where they throw balls and they have to get the ball to the other side and people try to block them. But this football game was played by bears, and there were brown bears on one side and there were black bears on the other side. And all of the bears had smiley faces on them and they had kind of yeah, they were nice bears. And the brown bears on one side had one football and one of the bears said, "Time to start playing." And that bear kicked the ball all the way to the other side of the football stadium that the kitty cats built. And as he kicked it, all of the kitty cats started cheering and clapping their hands. It's not so easy for kitty cats to clap their hands because they usually stand on all 4ft, but kitty cats really could stand up a little bit and they could clap and they can also bang their hands on the floor. And all the kitty cats were so happy.

And just as they did that, the black bears got the ball and it was an interception. That means they got it when the brown bear was throwing it to a different brown bear. But a black bear got in the way and intercepted the football and caught the football and started running the other way. And then a black bear tackled the brown bear and they started rolling in the mud. And mud is usually kind of black, so the black bear stayed black. But guess what happened to the brown bear? It got black, full of mud. And then all the other brown bears thought that the black bear that the brown bear was a black bear, but really it was on their team. It was just full of mud, so it looked like a black bear. Well, Dove thought that was so silly. And he's like, "No, that's not a black bear. That's really a brown bear that just rolled in the mud and looks like a black bear." And then the kitties started to say, "Meow." And there were so much meowing. And finally Dove said, "Wait, I have a way to let everyone know." And he found a hose and he squirted the brown bear that had black mud on top of it with a hose. And then the mud fell off and everyone knew it was really a brown bear.

And as he was doing that and they started to play again and everyone knew which team was the brown bears and which team was the black bears, Dove's mom looked under a stroller because there was an extra stroller there and she found a musical instrument called a guitar. And Dove's mom and sometimes Dove's dad, loved to play the guitar. And when she picked up the guitar, it looked like the strings of this guitar were a little bit different than regular guitar strings because regular guitar strings go up and down and this guitar had silly strings that were on the wrong side of the guitar and that went sideways. And Dove asked his mom if he could play it. And when his mom started playing the guitar, it didn't make regular guitar sounds. Every time she touched the guitar, it made a roar sound and the guitar said, "RA." And it sounded like bears cheering for each other. And the bears were so happy that there was a guitar making a roar sound and there were friendly bears and they decided that it ended up being a tie. And everyone was so happy that Dove came to watch their game.

Well, Dove's mom saw that the sun was going down and it was getting late, so she and Dove went home. And after they got home, Dove told his mom that he was going to tell all his friends about the adventure. Did he leave the ice cream with the kitties? And he left some of the ice cream for the kitties and bears to share. And Dove and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.