Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse were inside their house all day, and they were so bored because there were no games to play. And their mom said, "Well, why don't you just play with your toys?" And Jesse said, "Well, my toys are just so boring." And Jonah also said, "Mom, you don't even know, like, there's nothing that we could even do in the house."

And so Jonah and Jesse were sitting down on the couch, and they were thinking of different games that they could play. And just as they were thinking of different games that they could play, they heard a big carplunk right outside their house in the backyard. And Jonah and Jesse went to the window that looked out to the backyard, and they saw that there was a big meteor that crashed into the grass, and there was a hole in the backyard where the meteor landed.

And Jonah and Jesse said, "Mom, Dad, come look! A meteor crashed into our backyard." And they all went outside together. And Jesse said, "Careful, everyone. There's a lot of, like, ants that are crawling out of the meteor." And Jonah looked, and he saw that they weren't really ants, because the things that were crawling out of the meteor were blue, and ants aren't blue. And Jonah said, "Well, a couple of different kinds of ants are actually blue." And he looked very closely at them, and he saw that, just like ants, they had antennas on their head, except the antennas that were attached to the heads of these kinds of creatures had little brooms attached to them. And they also had tubes, like hoses that went right into their mouth.

And Jonah and Jesse, they said, "What are they doing? And are those even aliens that came from the meteor that was in outer space?" And just as they started wondering that, they saw that those blue creatures that had brooms attached to their antennas and hoses attached to their mouths went inside the house, and they started cleaning up all of the messes. The blue creatures used the brooms on their antennas to sweep up all sorts of crumbs, and they also used the tubes that were attached to their mouths to vacuum up everything.

And then Jonah had an idea. He's like, "I think they came to help us." So he said, "How about we spill some cereal on the floor?" And Steve said, "Okay, that sounds like a good experiment." And so Jesse got a box of cherries, and he spilled it on the floor. And suddenly, all of the little blue things, they started going right to the cherry OS. And whenever one of them ate, like, a cherry o or swept it up or sucked it down its tube, that blue creature became two blue creatures, and it got bigger.

And so soon they had so many cheerios that the blue creatures were all over the place. And then they started looking at Jonah and Jesse, and they started climbing up on Jesse's pants, and Jesse was like, "No, no, go away." And he didn't want them to climb on his pants because he didn't want them to get him, but it was too late. There was a whole line of the blue creatures that climbed all the way up Jesse's pants and right into his pocket. And they went in his pocket, and they got some crumbs because Jesse kept a pretzel in his pocket a couple days ago, and there were still some crumbs. And when they went out of Jesse's pocket, there were twice as many of the little blue creatures.

And the blue creatures were so happy because they had so much to eat. And then they went into Jonah's pockets, and Jonah didn't want them to go in his pockets either, because they were already pretty big from eating up all of the cheerios, and they went into Jonah's pockets. And when they got into Jonah's pockets, they saw that there was a whole piece of chocolate that Jonah had saved up, and they ate up the piece of chocolate. And then when they came out, there was like a whole line going down for at least an hour, and then they had at least made 10,000 more.

And when they got out of Jonah's pocket, there was a whole big line in so much traffic of the blue creatures that kind of looked like ants, and there was like 10,000 of them, and they were going all over the place. And then they started to talk, and they said, "Me eat people. Me eat people." And Jonah and Jesse said that they thought that the blue things were going to eat them up. And so they said, "We have to do something to make sure that they don't eat us."

And that's when they had an idea. They went outside running as fast as they could, and they turned on the hose, and then Jesse pointed the hose and sprayed it at the blue creatures. And the blue creatures, they couldn't, like, sweep up the water with their brooms that were attached to their antennas, so they had to vacuum up the water. And they vacuumed up the water using the tube that was attached to their mouths, and they got too much in them, so they couldn't eat anybody. And they got scared because one of them exploded. They got so big, they got so full of water that Jesse had an idea. He said then he said that we should flood a pool. Yeah, and then Jesse said we should just get a whole pool to flood them. And he decided they didn't have a pool in their house, but they did have a bathtub.

And so they took turns getting buckets from the bathtub and pouring so much water. And the blue creatures drank up so much of the water that they turned into, like, water balloons. And then Jonah and Jesse got a nerf gun that they had, and they attached little pins to the end of the nerf bullets, and they started shooting the blue creatures with the nerf bullets, and they exploded, and all of the water popped everywhere.

And when they exploded, Jonah and Jesse knew that they didn't have to worry anymore. But the problem was that after the blue creatures exploded, they left notes, because there were notes that were inside their body. And the notes said, "We're from another planet, and we came here just to help kids clean up." And Jonah read the note, and he told Jesse that they made a mistake trying to fill up those blue creatures with water, because those were actually cleaner aliens.

And the cleaner aliens came from a different planet to help people clean up everything so that people would never have to do cleanup time after they played games, and they wouldn't have to put away toys by themselves. And the note explained that that's why they had brooms attached to their antennas, and that's why they had hoses.

And so Jonah and Jesse felt very bad that they used their nerf guns to explode all of those blue creatures, and so they didn't know what to do. But Jonah had an idea of looking at the meteor, which had crashed in the grass and seeing if there was anything that they could do to help. And they went right to the meteor, and they saw that in the meteor, there was a kind of blue glue.

And Jonah said, "Well, how about if we squeeze this blue glue all over the place where the blue kind of ants were and see what happens? Because maybe that's like a medicine or something for them." And he started to do that, and he poured it over there. And then all of the creatures that looked like ants, they went back together, and they got small again. And they were so happy that Jonah fixed them using the blue glue that they decided they would never go into people's pockets again. And they would always just clean up.

And so whenever kids needed to do cleanup time, the kids could just keep playing, and then those little blue aliens could clean up for the kids. And so Jonah and Jesse kept their discovery a secret, and they hid the meteor. But whenever their parents asked them to clean up, from then forward, they just told the little blue aliens to clean up for them, and they never had to clean up again. And Jonah and Jesse and all of their little blue alien friends lived happily ever after. The end.