Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four and a half-year-old named Leopold. Leopold was even more than four and a half years old because he was almost five years old. But not many other kids knew that it was going to be Leopold's birthday. And Leopold's mama had a special plan for Leopold's birthday. The plan was when Leopold woke up that day, she was going to make him pancakes with maple syrup. Pancakes are a kind of breakfast that can be very yummy if there's maple syrup on it. And then after breakfast, Leopold planned to go in a hot air balloon. A hot air balloon is a kind of balloon that is so big, it's even bigger than a house. And on the bottom of the balloon, there's a basket. And the basket is big. It's big enough to hold people. And people could go in the bottom of the basket, and they have a little candle or a big candle or a torch right by them. And that makes the fire go. And the fire goes up, and the air gets hot. And the hot air balloon and the basket that the people go in goes up in the air. And if you go in the basket in a hot air balloon and you're a kid, or even if you're a grown-up, then you can go up in the air, and it's just like you're flying because you're in a basket and you don't even need wings. But the basket has to be big enough so that you could walk around and stuff. Because if it's not big enough for kids to walk around, then it's not fun because then you would just have to stay in the same place. 

So when it was Leopold's birthday, Leopold went with his mom to a big soccer field. A soccer field is a place where grownups and kids like to play soccer. That's kicking a ball. And some people also call it football. And at the soccer stadium, they found that there was a hot air balloon. And Leopold's mama and Leopold went in the hot air balloon. And there were some other kids who were in there too. One was named Leila. And Leila and Leopold told the captain of the hot air balloon that they were ready to go up. And the captain told Leopold that because it was his fifth birthday, he was going to get to wear a captain hat as well. And he would give instructions on where to go. So Leopold told the captain of the hot air balloon that they're ready to go off. And the captain turned on the torch, which is a big fire in the middle of the hot air balloon, and it started to go up. And the basket rose in the air and got higher and higher. And as they did that, Leopold waved to all of the kids and doggies and kitty cats that were waiting on the soccer field as they lifted up into the sky. 

As they got higher into the sky, they passed some parrots. Parrots are colorful birds, and parrots can sometimes talk. The parrots were flying a little bit, and parrots could sometimes talk, and they can't say a lot of words, but they could say like one or two words. And the parrot, as they were passing by the hot air balloon, said hot air balloon. Hot air balloon. And that is how a parrot says hot air balloon. They say, ha, air balloon. And Leopold was having so much fun, and the captain told him it's time for him to steer. And so Leopold turned a steering wheel in the basket on the hot air balloon. And as he turned, he started to go into a sky that was colored orange. And the orange-colored sky was because it was a little bit smoky where he was. And it was really pretty because usually the sky is blue, which is a pretty kind of sky too. But not every day do you see an orange sky. 

Well, Leopold flew the hot air balloon through the orange sky until he got on top of a desert. When he got to the desert, he saw so much sand, and he did not see very much water. Well, he told the captain of the hot air balloon that they were ready to go down in the desert for an adventure. And the captain of the hot air balloon told Leopold to press the down button. So Leopold pressed the down button, and they went down very slowly and very gently. And when the basket of the hot air balloon finally got to the ground, it barely even made a bump. It was a very soft landing, and everyone clapped because Leopold was in charge of the landing. 

When Leopold got out of the hot air balloon and his mama followed him and Leila, the girl who went on the hot air balloon with him, also watched. They got onto the desert and they saw a blue chameleon. The blue chameleon was on top of a cactus. A cactus is a kind of plant that's green that grows in the desert and it could hold a lot of water inside of it. So a cactus's leaves are very thick. Well, there was a blue chameleon on top of the cactus. And the blue chameleon, as he saw Leila and Leopold coming, the blue chameleon started to talk. And the chameleon said, I am the king of the whole desert. Are you allowed in my kingdom? And Leopold didn't know what to say because he didn't know that the blue chameleon was the king of the whole desert. And so Leopold said, we were just flying a hot air balloon here because it's my birthday. And the blue chameleon said, well, I am the king of the desert. Did you bring any treasure for me? And Leopold looked in the hot air balloon and told his mama to check if there was any treasure. And his mama checked in the hot air balloon, and do you know what she found? No treasure. So Leopold came back and he told the blue chameleon there's no treasure here for you. And then the blue chameleon said, how long are you going to stay in my desert? And Leopold said, I thought that chameleons could change colors. Could you change colors? And suddenly the chameleon changed and was green. And because he was on top of a cactus that's green and has green leaves, it disappeared. And it was hard for anyone to see where the chameleon went. But Leila suddenly saw that there was part of the cactus that was moving. And that was where the chameleon, who is the king of the desert, was. 

And just as they saw that, Leopold saw that there was a tiny little elephant. Usually, elephants are humongous. They're like bigger than lions. They're bigger than people. They're bigger than bears. Elephants are so big. And this was the teeniest tiniest elephant that Leopold had ever seen. It was walking through the desert, and it was only as big as a spider. The elephant had a regular elephant trunk. It had regular elephant legs. It had a blue elephant tail. But do you know what? It has as many legs as a spider. And the elephant started crawling up the cactus. And as it crawled up the cactus, it got closer and closer to the chameleon which used to be blue and was now green. And the elephant got up, and it was carrying something. And the chameleon looked at the elephant and said, what are you carrying, Mr. Elephant? And the elephant told the chameleon that the chameleon dropped his crown, and the elephant was bringing it to him. And the elephant gave the chameleon the crown. And then the chameleon told Leopold and Leila that because it was Leopold's birthday, the chameleon got some cake, and that Leopold and Leila could play in their desert for as long as they wanted to. And then the chameleon walked down the cactus and showed a secret compartment where there was the yummiest kind of cake that a kid had ever had. And there were candles on the cake, and there were five candles. And everyone started singing happy birthday to Leopold, including the little teensy tiny elephant and the chameleon and Leila and Leopold's mama and everyone else. And Leopold and everyone lived happily ever after. The end.