Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a king named Zaka. Zaka was a really good king, and he wore a crown with lots of shiny jewels. On King Zaka's crown, there was a button. If you pushed the button, a flashlight would turn on in front of the crown. There was another button on King Zaka's crown that was a siren button. If you pressed the siren button, red, blue, and green lights would flash on the pointy parts of the crown, and it would make a woo-woo sound.

Well, Zaka lived in a kingdom with many different kings and queens. The kingdom used to be made of plastic and pretend things like Lego. But one day, a wizard came and turned all the pretend things real. The plastic castles became real castles, the toy cars turned into real cars, and all the stuffed animals turned into real animals. There was a dog stuffed animal that turned into a real dog that could say woof woof. There was a teddy bear that turned into a real bear named Teddy. So many pretend things became real.

Zaka was really happy that everything in the kingdom was no longer plastic and Lego, but real instead. But one strange thing about the kingdom was that all the animals were blue and very small. There were pigs as big as an M&M and kitty cats the size of a ladybug. The animals were so blue that they were the same color as the sky. When the sky changed color, like during a sunset or at night, the animals changed colors too. They always stayed the same color as the sky.

Zaka wanted to solve the mystery of why all the animals started off blue and changed colors with the sky. He didn't know how to find the answer, so he asked a detective to help him. There was a famous detective who lived near the candy store in the car wash place in the kingdom. This detective was funny because he had four eyes. Two of the detective's eyes were on his face, like regular people, but he also had eyes in each of his hands. If the detective opened his hand, the eyeball would open up. So if the detective wanted to see behind him, he would just turn his hand around and look with his hand eye. Zaka couldn't trick the detective. The detective knew King Zaka was coming, and King Zaka turned on the siren in his crown. The detective looked at Zaka through the eye in his hand, and Zaka said, "Detective, we have an important mystery to solve."

The detective said, "King Zaka, I am great at solving mysteries. Maybe I can help." Zaka told the detective about the mystery of the animals changing colors to match the sky. The detective said he would use clues to solve the mystery.

The detective got into his blue car, which used to be a pretend car. Zaka asked the detective if he used to be a Lego character or a pretend thing that became real when the wizard cast the spell. The detective looked at Zaka through one of his hand eyes and said he used to be a Lego detective, but he was still good at finding clues.

The detective had a pet duck on a rainbow-colored leash. The duck was silly because it wore necklaces and bracelets on its feet. The duck even had pretend person hair, like a wig. The duck always carried a special towel made from the fur of a sky animal called a gula bird. Gula birds have big, soft, furry wings, and their fur is cozier than the coziest blanket. Kids all over the world try to get snuggly things and teddy bears made from gula bird fur, but gula birds usually hide from people, so they're hard to find. The gula bird was friends with the duck, and that's how the duck got the special towel.

The detective, Zaka, and the duck walked to the blue car. When they got in, the detective realized the answer. There was magic powder on top of the car, left over from the wizard. The wizard had forgotten to put magic dust on the animals when he changed the pretend kingdom into a real one. The animals could moo, meow, and woof, but they weren't the right colors.

Zaka turned on his crown's flashlight and shined it at the magic dust. The dust rose into the air and went all over the animals. All the animals in the kingdom became regular colors again. Zaka, the detective, and the duck lived happily ever after. The end.