Hello. Welcome to Baked up stories. My name is Zaka. Baked Up Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Zaka and I'm four years old and I live in Oakville, Ontario. And I would like a story about the three little Pigs of the Big Bad Wolf as a doc and a blue car. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Zaka who lives in Oakville, Ontario and who turns five years old next month in October. And so we want to wish an early happy birthday to Zaka. Happy birthday, Zach. Good job, bud. And Zaka asked for us to make up a story that includes a duck, a blue car, and the Three little Pigs and a Big Bad Wolf. We're going to include a duck in blue car, but instead of three little Pigs and a Big Bad Wolf, we're going to make it different kinds of pigs because we make up our own stories and make up stories, and we also try to do nothing that's scary. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a king whose name was Zaka. Zaka was a really good king, and he got to wear a crown that had lots of jewels in it and was very shiny. And on King Zaka's crown there was a button. And if you pushed the button, then in front of the crown there was a flashlight that turned on and there was another button on King Zaka's crown that was kind of a siren button. And if you pressed the siren button, then on the tippy pointy parts of the crown, there would be red and blue and green lights that would flash and it would even make a woo woo sound. Well, Zaka lived in a kingdom where there were so many different kings and there were so many different queens. And the kingdom that he lived in used to be made out of like plastic, and it was pretend. But what happened was one day there was a wizard that came and the streets used to be made of Lego and just fake stuff, but the wizard made all of the streets real. And the plastic castles turned into real castles, and the toy cars turned into real cars, and all of the different stuffies turned into real animals. There was a dog stuffy that turned into a real dog that could say woof woof. There was a teddy bear that turned into a real bear whose name was Teddy. And there were so many different things that used to be pretend that were now real. Zaka was really happy that everything in the kingdom was no longer plastic and was no longer made of Lego, but was instead real. But one of the things that was a little bit strange about the kingdom is that all of the animals in the whole kingdom were all blue, and all of the animals were still really little. Like there were pigs that were only about as big as an eminem. And there were kitty cats that were the same size as a ladybug. And all of the animals were so blue that if you kind of looked in the sky and then looked down, they were the same color as the sky. And when the sky changed color, like when the sun was setting and the colors in the sky were like orangeish and reddish, then the animals changed colors, too. They always stayed the same color as the sky. So when it was nighttime in zaka's kingdom, all of the animals turned really dark colors, just like the sky. Zaka wanted to figure out the mystery of why all of the animals in the kingdom started off blue and then changed colors as the sky changed colors. And zaka didn't know how to figure out the answer, so he decided to ask a detective to help him find clues. And there was a famous detective who lived right near the candy store in the car wash place in the kingdom. That detective was a very funny detective because the detective had four eyes. Two of the detective's eyes were in front of his head, just like regular people's eyes. But the detective also had eyes in each of his hands. And if the detective opened his hand, then the eyeball would open up. And so if the detective wanted to see behind him, all he would do was turn around his hand and look behind him with his hand eye. And zaka couldn't trick the detective. The detective used his clues to know that king zaka was coming. And king zaka decided to turn on the siren in his crown. And the detective put out his hand and looked at zaka through the eye in his hand. And zaka said, detective, detective, we have an important mystery, and we're trying to figure out what happened. And the detective said, king zaka, I am so good at figuring out mysteries. Maybe I could help. And zaka told the great detective with the eyes that were on his hands that the mystery was why the animals in the kingdom kept changing colors and why they always matched the color of the sky. And at nighttime, they turned into dark animals that were hard to see. Well, the great detective said he was going to figure out the mystery and to use the clues. So the detective got into his blue car, and zaka noticed that that was one of the cars that used to be a pretend car. And then zaka asked the detective if he used to be like a lego character or kind of a pretend thing. And he became real when the wizard put the spell to make all of the lego and plastic and all of the pretend castles real. And the detective looked at zaka through one of his hand eyes, and he said that he used to be a lego detective, but he was still really good at figuring out clues. And the detective had a pet duck, and the duck was on a leash, and the leash was rainbow colored, and the duck was a very silly duck because it wore necklaces, and it even had, like, bracelets around its duck feet. And the duck was so silly because it even had pretend person hair. It was like a wig. And the duck used to always carry around a special towel. The towel that the duck had looked like it was kind of made out of a raincoat, but instead of being made out of a raincoat, the towel was really made out of a furry, furry kind of animal that lives in the sky. Now, that furry kind of animal that lives in the sky is something that ducks really love to be friends with. The furry animal not a lot of people know about. This is called a gula bird. And gula birds have really big wings that are full of fur, and the fur is so soft that some people say it's even cozier than the coziest kind of blankie. And all of the kids in the world always try to get special kind of like snuggly things and teddy bears that are made from the fur of the gula bird. But gula birds usually hide from people, so it's hard to find them. And the gula bird was friends with the duck, and that's how the duck got that special kind of towel to put over its duck body right next to the long necklaces that the duck wore and on top of its ducky legs where it had really colorful bracelets. And the detective walked with Zaka and his duck all the way to his blue car. And when they got into the detective's blue car, that's when the detective said he realized the answer, because right on top of the detective's blue car, which used to be a pretend Lego car, there was some magic powder. The magic powder was left over from the wizard, and the wizard, when he changed the pretend kingdom, where Zaka was king, into a real one that wasn't just made of Lego and plastic and stuff. That was when the wizard forgot to put magic dust on the animals. And so the animals still were a little bit pretend. The cows could really moo, the cats could really meow, and the dogs could really woof, but they weren't the regular colors. And so Zaka turned on his flashlight in his crown, and with his flashlight, he shined it at or shown it at the special magic dust, and he saw that the magic dust was starting to rise up in the air due to his crown's flashlight, and it went all over the animals. And all of the animals in the kingdom got to be regular colors again. And Zaka and the detective and the duck lived happily ever.