Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Anne Luis. Anne Luis grew up in a family that was a little bit different from other people. All of the people in Anne Luis's family were only about as big as your little finger. Anne Luis's mom was about three inches tall, about as tall as a gerbil or a mouse. Anne Luis was only two inches tall. They were regular people with regular people arms and faces, but they were really, really small.

Anne Luis and her family lived in a tiny house made of popsicle sticks in the backyard of the mayor of Asheville, North Carolina. Since they were so little, their house didn't have to be big. When Anne Luis wanted to go to school, she would get a shoulder ride from one of her friends because walking to school was too far. A little rock would be like a mountain for Anne Luis and her parents.

The people in the town knew about Anne Luis and her family because they weren't so small that they couldn't be seen. They were smaller than a Barbie doll or a teddy bear, but about the same height as some grass or a little flower, like a daffodil. Anne Luis and her family were famous, and other people used to ask them how they could become small too. They even got special permission from the mayor to go to the police station, the fire department, and anywhere else in the city they wanted.

One day, Anne Luis felt that her tooth was a little bit shaky. Later that day, her tooth fell out, and it didn't really hurt. It was such a tiny tooth because Anne Luis's mouth was so small. That night, a special tooth fairy came with a magic bag full of magic dust that could make things really little or really big. The tooth fairy sprinkled the magic dust on Anne Luis's house and left a gold coin under her pillow.

When Anne Luis woke up the next morning, she found that her pillow and her house had turned really big because of the tooth fairy's magic dust. Anne Luis and her parents had become giants, and their little popsicle stick house was now bigger than the biggest skyscraper in the world. Anne Luis didn't know what it was like to be a giant because she was so used to being small.

Anne Luis looked out her window and saw that the clouds were under her. She was so tall that a huge mountain like Mount Everest would only come up to her knees. She looked down and saw the mayor's house, which had turned into a popsicle stick house. All of the cars in Asheville had turned into toy cars, and all of the people had become little.

Anne Luis realized that the magic dust from the tooth fairy could make her a giant, but if she concentrated, she could also become regular-sized or small again. Just then, she saw a big tornado coming towards Asheville. Anne Luis knew she had to save the city, so she used her giant size to blow the tornado away before it could cause any damage.

After saving the day, Anne Luis decided to become regular-sized again. She closed her eyes, held the gold coin from the tooth fairy, and when she opened her eyes, she was riding a pig! Her mom said that when she was a giant, they were on top of a farm near the mayor's house, and when she became regular-sized, she landed on a pig.

Anne Luis had so much fun riding the pig, and all of the people in Asheville decided to have a parade to celebrate Anne Luis, the giant who used to be little, saved the city, and was now regular-sized. Everyone enjoyed fireworks, celebrations, and free cotton candy for all the kids in Asheville. Anne Luis and her family lived happily ever after. The end.