Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Anne Louise. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Anne Louise. I'm almost five, and I live in Asheville, North Carolina. I would like a story about a pig, dope, and a giant house. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Anne Luis, who lives in Asheville, North Carolina, and who's going to turn five years old in a couple of weeks on October 3. And so we want to wish an early happy birthday to Anne Luis. Buddy, you want to say happy birthday? Happy birthday, Anne Luis. Good job. And Anne Luis asked for us to make up a story that includes a pig, a tornado, and a giant, giant house. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Anne Luis. Anne Luis grew up in a family that was a little bit different from other people. All of the people in Anne Luis's family were only about as big as pinkies your little finger. And Anne Luis's mom was about three inches tall, about as tall as, like, a gerbil or a mouse or something like that. And Anne Luis was only two inches tall. She was like, yeah, bud, are these people? They were regular people. Like, they had regular people arms and people faces and stuff like that. But Anne Luis and her whole family were really, really small, and Luis was only about as tall as, like, grass. And so Anne Luis and her parents used to live in a teensy, tiny house that was in the backyard of the mayor of Asheville, North Carolina. And in the backyard, they lived in kind of a popsicle stick house. And the popsicle stick house didn't have to be so big since they were so little. And when Anne Luis wanted to go to school, she used to climb up onto the shoulders of one of her friends, and she would get a shoulder ride on just one of the shoulders. What's your question? Why? Because walking to school was too far. She had to walk through the grass and stuff, and so a little rock would be like a mountain for Anne Luis and her parents. So Anne Luis needed to get a shoulder ride by a different girl who took her all the way to school, and that's how Anne Luis went to school. And the mayor of Asheville, North Carolina, also used to give her parents shoulder rides when they needed to go to the store or what's your question, bud? Did they even know about Anne Louise and her parents? They knew because Anne Luis people in the town knew about Anne Luis and her parents because it's not like they were so small that they couldn't see. And Luis was smaller than, like, a Barbie doll or a stuffy or a teddy bear or something like that, but she was about the same tall as, like, some grass or maybe like a little teensy flower, like a daffodil or something like that. That's how tall and Luis and her parents were. And everybody in Asheville, North Carolina, used to come to the mayor's house because they wanted to have barbecues and to see outside the little popsicle stick house. Anne Luis and her parents were really famous, and other people used to ask them how they could become small, too. And Anne Luis and her parents used to get special permission from the mayor to go to the police station and to the fire departments, and they could go anywhere in the city where they wanted. They could even climb on top of stop signs and traffic lights. And if they wanted to go to playgrounds, they were able to climb up anything because Anne Luis and her parents were really good climbers. Well, one day yeah, bud? Was Anne Luis in school even able to just sneak right out? Yeah. When Anne Luis was in school, if she wanted recess, she could sneak out if the window was open, just crawl under the window and climb down carefully. And Anne Luis was even able to go under the door of her classroom, and so she could go wherever she really wanted to go. But one day, Anne Luis felt that her tooth was, like, a little bit shaky. And later that day, her tooth fell out, and it didn't really hurt. It bled just a little teensy bit. And it was such a teeny, tiny tooth because Anne Luis's mouth was so small, that a special tooth fairy came. This special tooth fairy was a tooth fairy that had a special magic bag that she carried with her. And the magic bag was full of a kind of magic dust that when you put the magic dust on things, they either became really little or really small. And the magic dust that the tooth fairy had was made out of magnifying glass, and it was like a lot of teensy weency magnifying glasses that you could only see through, like, a microscope or something. And when the tooth fairy went to Anne Luis's popsicle stick house, she dumped all of the magic tooth fairy dust on top of the popsicle stick house. And when she dumped the fairy dust, she also left a gold coin for Anne Luis under her pillow. And Anne Luis woke up the next morning, and she looked under her pillow. But guess what, bud? What? Anne Luis's pillow turned really big because of the tooth fairy's magic dust. And Anne Luis looked up at the ceiling, and she saw that the ceiling was way bigger than the usual popsicle stick house. The tooth fairy's magic dust had made Anne Luis and her parents into giants. And their little popsicle stick house got so big overnight because of the tooth fairies dust that she had in the bag that their little popsicle stick house turned out to be even bigger than the biggest skyscraper in the world, and it had so many rooms that just grew out of the house from the magic dust. And anne Luis didn't even know what it was like to be a giant because she was so used to being so small. And so anne Luis got out of her bed, and she looked out the window, and when she looked out the window, she could see the sky, and the clouds were under her. And Anne Louise said mom. Yeah, bud? So does that mean that a mountain for anne louise would be mount everest? That would only be, like, 1 mile for anne Luis. And luis was so big she was such a big giant that if she saw, like, a huge mountain like mount everest, that would only come up to her knees. She was so tall. And then luis looked out her window, and she looked down, and she saw the mayor's house. And do you know what happened, bud? What? The mayor's house turned into a popsicle stick house. And she looked all around asheville, north carolina, and all of the cars turned into toy cars, and all of the people got little. Yeah, bud. No way. I think it was just that Anne Louise was Biggle. Well, anne louise saw that everything was so teensy, but she said, mom, everything is so teensy. And she saw her mom. And do you know what happened to her mom? What? Her mom was kind of like regular person size. And that's when anne Luis realized that the magic dust that the tooth fairy left in her house was able to make her a giant. But if she concentrated on being regular sized, she could also do that. And if she concentrated on being small, she could become small again. But while she was a giant, she saw that the winds were starting to pick up and that there was a big tornado that was coming. And tornado is like a column of wind that spins about. And anne Louise saw that the tornado was going right near asheville, north carolina, and that it was going to destroy all of the beautiful trees and the beautiful flowers and some of the streets and houses. So anne Luis had an idea. Because she was so big and because she was a giant, now, she choose to use all of her might to blow the other direction, and she started blowing into the tornado, and she blew so hard that the tornado came apart before it even got to asheville, north carolina. Yeah, bud. Did it strike a couple of towns that was not there? No, because the tornado only really started in asheville, north carolina. And so before it got to other towns, anne Luis saved the day. After she saved the day, anne Luis decided to become regular sized again. So she closed her eyes, and she held the gold coin that the tooth fairy left under her pillow, and she became regular sized. And when she opened her eyes, she was riding a pig. And Anne Luisa's like, where did this pig come from? Maybe her legs were above, and then she fell right onto a pig. And her mom said that's what happened. That when she was a giant. Like, they were on top of a farm near the mayor's house. And when she got to be regular sized again, she was on top of a pig. So she started riding the pig. And then Luis had so much fun riding the pig. And all of the people in the city of Asheville, North Carolina, decided to have a parade to celebrate. Anne Luis, the giant who used to be little that saved the city and is now regular size. And everyone did fireworks and celebrations and cotton candy was free for all of the kids who lived in Asheville. And Anne Luis and her family lived happily ever after. The end.