Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old girl named Gabby. It was her birthday that very day. She just turned five. When she woke up that day, her mama made her a special birthday cake. The birthday cake was made out of ice cream, and it had some birthday candles on top. The candles would sizzle and sparkle, and if you looked at them, little sparks came out, and the sparks made different colors. Her mama said, "Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, dear Gabby. How old are you now?" Gabby said, "I'm five. I'm five. I turned five years old."

Just as she said that, the candles fell out of the birthday cake and rolled onto the ground. The fire from the candles went out, so it wasn't dangerous, but the candles rolled all the way out of the door. Gabby and her mama decided to follow the candles out the door. The candles kept rolling out of Gabby's house and all the way down the street. Gabby held her mama's hand to cross the street, and they kept rolling past the bushes, past a creek near a farm. Finally, the candles stopped rolling when they got next to some chickens.

Once they got next to the chickens, Gabby said, "Why did the candles roll here all by themselves?" Gabby's mama said, "Gabby, I think we might have accidentally gotten you some magic birthday cake candles." Gabby said, "Yeah, I think so." Just as she said that, she saw that one of the chickens was sitting on an egg. The egg that the chicken was sitting on was not a regular chicken egg or not like the kind of egg that you might have for breakfast that cracks open. This egg was a very big egg. It was bigger than a tennis ball. Bigger than the cake? Yeah. The egg was shaped like a cake, and it was as big as a birthday cake, and it had pictures of candles on it. Gabby said, "Oh, maybe the candles rolled here from my birthday cake because this egg, which is shaped like a birthday cake, also has pictures of candles." Her mama said, "Maybe."

Just as they said that, one of the chickens said, "Cluck, cluck, cluck, cluck." As it said that, Gabby heard a little noise coming from inside the birthday cake-shaped egg. The noise was like a little whistle, and it went "Whistle!" Just as it made that noise, the egg started to crack. Do you know what came out of this special egg? It was a unicorn. A baby, teeny, tiny unicorn. Gabby said, "Whoa. I didn't know that unicorns came from eggs. I thought that mama unicorns gave birth to unicorns." But she saw the unicorn come out of the egg, and the unicorn jumped into her arms. Gabby said, "I didn't even know they're real," because she always thought that unicorns were pretend.

Just as she said that, the unicorn jumped into her arms and crawled up onto her shoulders and said, "Mama. Mama. Mama." The unicorn thought that Gabby was her mama. Gabby thought that was so silly because Gabby was just five years old that day. How could she even be a unicorn's mom? People can't give birth to unicorns. That couldn't even be possible. So Gabby started to pet the unicorn, just like she might pet a kitty cat. The unicorn was so soft, and Gabby said, "Do you want to grow up with me? And I'll have you as my unicorn pet in the house." Gabby's mama said, "Okay, let's bring the unicorn back to our house, and we'll give it a bottle. Because unicorns that are so little need to be fed by bottles and stuff, just like people babies." So Gabby held the unicorn in her arms. It was a baby unicorn. And they went all the way back to their house.

As they were walking back to their house, they saw an airplane in the sky. It was a little airplane, and it looked like a cow was on top of the airplane. Behind that airplane, there was a different airplane that had so many frogs jumping on it. Gabby passed by all of those airplanes, and the unicorn looked up in the sky and started to move its wings a little bit. But Gabby said, "No, unicorn, don't fly after those airplanes. Let's go back to my house." The unicorn got to her house, and the unicorn saw the birthday cake. Do you know what unicorns think are the yummiest thing? Birthday cakes. The unicorn said, "Yum!" and went right to the birthday cake. It tried to eat the first piece, but Gabby's mama said, "No, unicorn. The first piece always goes to whoever's birthday it is." The unicorn said it was sorry and gave the first piece to Gabby and then to Gabby's mom. Then the unicorn started eating.

Just after the unicorn started to eat, Gabby realized that the unicorn might have made the cake magical when it licked it before because Gabby started to turn into a superhero. She didn't even have any costume on. She just looked like a regular girl. But suddenly, she started to feel superhero powers. Whenever she looked at something, it turned into a rainbow. So she looked at her mama, opened the refrigerator. She opened the fridge, and she looked inside, and guess what happened? All the milk turned into rainbows. Then she started to look at her mama, who was making a bath, and guess what happened to the bath? It had rainbow bubbles, and all the colors in the bath started to look like rainbows. Anything that Gabby looked at because she ate the magic birthday cake turned into rainbows.

Then Gabby started to feel something under her arms grow. When she looked at it, she looked in a mirror, and do you know what it was? It was wings. Gabby was becoming a superhero that could fly. She looked closely at her under her arms, and the wings were attached under her arms by her back, and she could flap them, and suddenly she could fly. It looked like the unicorn gave her magic birthday powers. Gabby's mama said that Gabby and the unicorn could go for a little flight through the house, but they shouldn't fly outside because Gabby was just five years old, and five-year-olds shouldn't fly outside all by themselves. So Gabby and the unicorn flew through the kitchen, and they looked out the window, and they saw the planes outside with the frogs jumping on them and the cow jumping on them. Gabby said, "Please, mom, can I please fly up to those planes? Because I've never seen an airplane that has a cow on it or frogs jumping on it." Her mama said, "No, because what if your wings stop working?" Gabby said okay. So she flew around the bathroom in her house. She even flew around her bedroom.

Then Gabby decided that she wanted to be a regular girl again. She told the unicorn once she landed to make her wings go away for a little bit, and then she would be regular again. The unicorn said, "Okay." The unicorn said a magic word, and suddenly, Gabby's wings went away. Then Gabby was so tired from all of that flying that she decided to take a nap. Gabby took a nap, and the unicorn took a nap with her. Gabby had a very special dream of her going to follow some candles that were rolling down the street and finding a unicorn egg that was shaped like a birthday cake. That unicorn egg ended up giving birth to a unicorn that went home with her and gave her magic powers. Gabby woke up after her nap and realized it was all a dream. Gabby and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they'll like it.