Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old girl named Gabby. It was just her birthday that very day. She just turned five. And when she woke up that day, her mama made her a special birthday cake. The birthday cake was made out of ice cream, and it had some birthday candles on top. And the birthday candles would sizzle and sizzle, and if you looked at them, little sparks came out, and the sparks made different colors. And her mama said, happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, dear Gabby. How old are you now? And Gabby said, I'm five. I'm five. I turned five years old.

And just as she said that, the candles fell out of the birthday cake, and they rolled onto the ground. The fire from the candle went out, so it wasn't dangerous, but the candles rolled all the way out of the door, and Gabby and Gabby's mama decided they would follow the candles out the door. And the candles kept rolling out of Gabby's house, and they rolled all the way down the street. And Gabby held her mama's hand to cross the street, and they kept rolling past the bushes, past a creek near a farm. Finally, the candles from her birthday cake stopped rolling when they got next to some chickens.

Once they got next to the chickens, Gabby said, why did the candles roll here all the way by themselves? And Gabby's mama said, Gabby, I think we might have accidentally gotten you some magic birthday cake candles. And Gabby said, yeah, I think so. And just as she said that, she saw that one of the chickens was sitting on an egg. And the egg that the chicken was sitting on was not a regular chicken egg or not like the kind of egg that you might have for breakfast that cracks open. This egg was a very big egg. It was bigger than a tennis ball. Bigger than the cake? Yeah. The egg no, the egg was like the shape of a cake, and it was as big as a birthday cake, and it really looked like a birthday cake. And the egg had pictures of candles on it. And Gabby said, oh, maybe the candles rolled here from my birthday cake, because this egg, which is shaped like a birthday cake, also has pictures of candles. And her mama said, maybe.

And just as they said that, one of the chickens said, clock, clock, clock, clock. And as it said, cluck, cluck, cluck, cluck. As it said that, Gabby heard a little noise coming from inside the birthday cake-shaped egg. And the noise was like a little whistle, and it went and just as it made that noise, the egg started to crack. And do you know what came out of this special egg? It was a unicorn. A baby weency, teeny, tiny unicorn. And Gabby said, whoa. I didn't know that unicorns came from eggs. I thought that, like, mama unicorns gave birth to unicorns. But she saw the unicorn come out of the egg, and the unicorn jumped into yeah, I didn't even know they're real, Gabby said, because she always thought that unicorns were pretend.

And just as she said that, the unicorn jumped into her arms, and the unicorn crawled up onto her shoulders and said, mama. Mama. Mama. And the unicorn thought that Gabby was her mama. Gabby thought that was so silly because Gabby was just five years old that day. How could she even be a unicorn's mom? And people can't give birth to unicorns. That couldn't even be possible. So Gabby started to pet the unicorn, just like she might pet a kitty cat. And the unicorn was so soft, and Gabby said, so did they grow up with each other? And Gabby said, do you want to grow up with me? And I'll have you as, like, my unicorn pet in the house. And Gabby's mama said, okay, let's bring the unicorn back to our house, and we'll give it a bottle. Because unicorns that are so little, they kind of need to be fed by bottles and stuff, just like people babies. And so Gabby held the unicorn in her arms. It was a baby unicorn. And they went all the way back to their house.

As they were walking back to their house, they saw an airplane in the sky. It was a little airplane, and it looked like a cow was on top of the airplane. And behind that airplane, there was a different airplane that had so many frogs jumping on it. And Gabby passed by all of those airplanes, and the unicorn looked up in the sky, and it started to move its wings a little bit. But Gabby said, no, unicorn don't fly after those airplanes. Let's go back to my house. And the unicorn got to her house, and the unicorn saw the birthday cake. And do you know what unicorns think are the yummiest thing? What? Birthday cakes. And the unicorn said and it went right to the birthday cake, and it tried to eat the first piece, and Gabby's mama said, no, unicorn. The first piece always goes to whoever's birthday it is. And so the unicorn said he was sorry, and he gave the first piece to Gabby and then to Gabby's mom. And then the unicorn started eating.

And just after the unicorn started to eat it, Gabby realized magic dust. Well, no, Gabby realized that the unicorn might have made the cake magical when it licked it before, because Gabby started to turn into a superhero. She didn't even have any kind of costume on. She just looked like a regular girl. But suddenly, she started to feel superhero powers. And whenever she looked at something, it turned into a rainbow. So she looked at her mama, opened the refrigerator. She opened the fridge, and she looked inside, and guess what happened to all the milk turned into rainbows. And then she started to look at her mama was making a bath, and guess what happened to the bath. It had rainbow bubbles, and all the colors in the bath started to look like rainbows. And anything that Gabby looked at because she ate the magic birthday cake turned into rainbows.

And then Gabby started to feel something under her arms grow. And when she looked at it, she looked in a mirror, and do you know what it was? It was wings. And Gabby, she was becoming a superhero that could fly. And she looked closely at her under her arms, and the wings were attached under her arms by her back, and she could flap them, and suddenly she could fly. And it looked like the unicorn gave her magic birthday powers. And so Gabby's mama said that Gabby and the unicorn could go for a little flight through the house, but they shouldn't fly outside, because Gabby was just five years old, and five-year-olds shouldn't fly outside all by themselves. So Gabby and the unicorn flew through the kitchen because they just make a little plane for Gabby's mom. Yeah, well, they flew through the kitchen, and they looked out the window, and they saw the planes outside with the frogs jumping on them and the cow jumping on them. And Gabby was like, Please, mom, can I please fly up to those planes? Because I've never seen an airplane that has a cow on it or frogs jumping on it. And her mama said, no, because, let's say your wings stop working. And Gabby said okay. So she flew around the bathroom in her house. She even flew around her bedroom.

And then Gabby decided that she wanted to be a regular girl again. So she told the unicorn once she landed to make her wings go away for a little bit, and then she would be regular again. And the unicorn said, okay. And the unicorn said who's? A bit of a comp. And suddenly, Gabby's wings went away. And then Gabby was so tired from all of that flying that she decided to take a nap. And Gabby took a nap, and the unicorn took a nap with her. And Gabby had a very special dream of her going to follow some candles that were rolling down the street and finding a unicorn egg that was shaped like a birthday cake. And that unicorn egg ended up giving birth to a unicorn that went home with her and gave her magic powers. And Gabby woke up after her nap and realized it was all a dream. And Gabby and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to make up because they like it.