Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid who was the youngest king ever. The kid's name was Jonah, and the palace where he lived was made of wood and silver and gold and titanium. On the top of the palace, there were so many balloons because it was Jonah's Kingdom. There was the biggest balloon factory in the world. Some houses had so many balloons attached to their roofs that if the people in the houses wanted their houses to fly during the night, all they had to do was unlock the rope that held the houses down and let the houses go up. When they wanted to go back down, all they had to do was pop a few balloons, and then their houses would go back down slowly. 

It was a really fun place to live because kids who lived in Jonah's Kingdom were able to ride bicycles that could float through the air. Kids were able to run faster than grownups. Some of the trees in Jonah's Kingdom grew sideways and were very easy for kids to climb on. Whenever you wanted to play in Jonah's Kingdom, all you had to do was do a jumping jack and clap your hands twice. Then some robots would bring a new playground right in front of you. 

So many people wanted to live in Jonah's Kingdom, not only because of the playgrounds and the floating houses but also because of the candy. In Jonah's Kingdom, there was so much candy. There was the biggest candy factory in the whole world. It was so big that they had to hollow out a mountain, and the candy factory was inside of a mountain. Jonah told all of the people who lived in his kingdom that they should be nice and they should share. All of the people agreed, and when they had their toy cars and toy ChuChu trains and even the playgrounds that they made appear, they would always share.

But one day, there was a big problem. Ants started crawling into Jonah's kingdom. Some of the ants came from holes in the ground, and the ants went all over the candy factory. They went into the mountain where the candy factory was located, and the ants were making big marching lines, eating so many candies. Even though one ant can't eat a lot of candy, there were millions and billions and trillions and quadrillions of ants marching in every which way in the factory. 

The people who worked in the candy factory went to Jonah's palace and said, "King Jonah, King Jonah, there are ants all over the candy factory. What can we do to get the ants to go away?" King Jonah said, "We have to figure out how ants move and how ants find the candy." He told a group of kids to go back to the candy factory with magnifying glasses and look at the ants very carefully. King Jonah went with the kids to the mountain, and they opened the door to the candy factory, which was full of ants. He used his magnifying glass to see that ants had little antennae that came out of the front of their heads. They used the antennae to smell and see what was around them. It looked like the ants were leaving little pebbles on their way, which we call chemicals. The ants were following the pebbles to remember where they had gone and to decide where to bring back food after they got new candy.

King Jonah told the other kids that the first thing they had to do was erase the ants' pebble trails. The other kids said they couldn't see the trails because they were too tiny, and it wasn't really pebbles that the ants left, but little molecules. Jonah said it didn't matter if they couldn't see them; they still knew where they were because they knew the ants followed them. He decided to put little pieces of paper in between the ants' trails, and the pieces of paper went up. The ants would have to go on the piece of paper as they went on their trail. He told many people in his kingdom to build some ramps that would take the ants to follow the new pieces of paper all the way back to a secret ant cage at the bottom of the palace. 

Soon they built so many slides and different ways for the ants to go out of the candy factory if they just kept following their trails with the pebbles. The ants made new trails to go to the ant cage, which was at the bottom of Jonah's palace. When many ants went back to the ant cage, King Jonah told everyone to get some sponges and soap and clean up the floor of the mountain that had the candy factory. People cleaned it up with soap and sponges, which made all of the little pebbles that the ants left, the little molecules, go away. 

When all of the ants went back into King Jonah's house, he told people to attach balloons to the ant cage and have the balloons carry the ant cage out of the palace windows and in the air, over the ocean onto a boat. Jonah told people who lived in his kingdom to get many bath toys and put them together using scotch tape and jump rope. They should have those bath toys go in the real ocean, and the balloons carrying the ant cage would land on the bath toys. Jonah told them to leave some special food for the ants on the bath toys. The ants floated away in their cage, attached to balloons all the way over the ocean onto a toy boat. The ants liked the toy boat because it had some honey. The toy boat carried the ants across the ocean to a special island where nobody lived, and where all of the ants built the most amazing tunnels under the ground.

King Jonah was so happy that his candy factory was clean and that all of the people who lived in his kingdom could have as much candy as they wanted. The kids in the kingdom started to make playgrounds appear again using the robots, and they started to have their houses float again. They didn't have to worry about so many ants chasing them around. King Jonah and everyone in his kingdom lived happily ever after. The end.