Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Kendon. Makeup is the best podcast ever. Make sure to tell your friends. Tonight's. Makeup Story is about an ant, a boat, an ocean, and a rainbow. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was kid who was the youngest king ever. The kid's name was Jonah, and the palace where he lived was made of wood and silver and gold and titanium. And on the top of the palace, there were so many balloons because it Jonah's Kingdom. There was the biggest balloon factory in the world. And there were some houses that had so many balloons attached to the roofs that if the people in the houses wanted their houses to fly during the night, all they had to do was unlock the rope that held the houses down and let the houses go up. And when they wanted to go back down, all they had to do was pop a few balloons and then their houses would go back down slowly. It was a really fun place to live because kids who lived in Jonah's Kingdom were able to ride bicycles that could float through the air. And kids were able to run faster than grownups. Some of the trees in Jonah's Kingdom grew sideways and they were very easy for kids to climb on. Whenever you wanted to play in Jonah's Kingdom, all you had to do is do a jumping jack and clap your hands twice. And then some robots would bring a new playground right in front of you. So many people wanted to live in Jonah's Kingdom, not only because of the playgrounds and not only because of the floating houses, but also because of the candy. In Jonah's Kingdom, there was so much candy. There was the biggest candy factory in the whole world. It was so big that they had to hollow out a mountain. And the candy factory was inside of a mountain. And Jonah told all of the people who lived in his kingdom that they should be nice and they should share. And all of the people said okay. And when they had their toy cars and toy ChuChu trains and even the playgrounds that they made appear, they would always share. But one day there was a big problem. There were some ants that were crawling into Jonah's kingdom. Some of the ants started coming from holes in the ground, and the ants were going all over the candy factory. They went in the mountain where the candy factory was located, and the ants were making big marching lines and they were marching to the candies, and they were eating so many candies. And even though one ant can't eat a lot of candy, there were millions and billions and trillions and quadrillions of ants marching in every which way in the factory. And so then all of the people who worked in the candy factory went to Jonah's palace and they said, king Jonah, king Jonah. There are ants that are all over the candy factory. What can we do to get the ants to go away? And king Jonah said, we have to figure out how ants move and how ants find the candy. And so he told a group of kids to go back to the candy factory and to bring magnifying glasses and to look at the ants very carefully. And King Jonah went with the kids to the mountain and they opened the door to the candy factory and it was full of ants. And he used his magnifying glass to see that ants had little antenna that came out of the front of their heads. And they used the antenna to kind of smell and to see what's around them. And it looked like if you looked very closely, the ants were leaving little pebbles on their way. We call these pebbles chemicals. And the ants were following the pebbles to remember where they had gone and to decide where to bring back food after they got new candy. So King Jonah told all of the other kids, the first thing that we have to do is we have to erase the ants pebble trails. But the other kids said we can't even see the trails. They're too tiny. And it's not really pebbles that the little ants leave. They're little molecules. And Jonah said it doesn't matter if we can't see them. We still know where they are because we know the ants follow them. And so what he decided to do is he would put little pieces of paper in between the ants trails, and the pieces of paper went up. And so the ants would have to go on the piece of paper as they were going on their trail. And then he told so many people that lived in his kingdom to build some ramps that would take the ants to follow the new pieces of paper all the way back to a secret ant cage that was in the bottom of the palace. And soon they built so many slides and so many different ways for the ants to go out of the candy factory if they just kept following their trails with the pebbles. And the ants made new trails to go to the ant cage, which was at the bottom of Jonah's palace. Then when so many ants went back to the ant cage, king Jonah told everyone to get some sponges and some soap and to clean up the floor of the mountain that had the candy factory. And people cleaned it up with soap and with sponges, which made all of the little pebbles that the ants left. The little molecules made them all go away. And then when all of the ants went back into King Jonah's house, he told people to attach the balloons to the ant cage and to have the balloons carry the ant cage out of the palace windows and in the air, over the ocean onto a boat. And then Jonah told people who lived in his kingdom to get, like, a lot of bath toys and to put them together using scotch tape and jump rope. And they should have those bath toys go in the real ocean. And the balloons that would be carrying the ant cage would land on the bath toys. And Jonah told them to leave some special food for the ants on the bath toys. And the ants floated away in their cage, attached to balloons all the way over the ocean onto a toy boat. And the ants liked the toy boat because it had some honey. And the toy boat carried the ants across the ocean to a special island where nobody lived and where all of the ants built the most amazing tunnels under the ground. And king Jonah was so happy that his candy factory was clean and that all of the people who lived in his kingdom could have as much candy as they wanted. And the kids in the kingdom started to make playgrounds appear again using the robots, and they started to have their houses float again. And they didn't have to worry if there would be so many ants chasing them around. And king Jonah and everyone in his kingdom lived happily ever after. The end.