Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse were the children of the king and queen. But the king and queen didn't want them to grow up in a palace with so many special things. So when they were little babies, Jonah and Jesse had to leave the palace and go live with a farmer who had a small old house at the edge of the village. The king and queen wanted Jonah and Jesse not to have so many things. And Jonah and Jesse didn't know why the king and queen didn't want them to have so many things when they were kids. And it always kind of bothered them, and it upset them. They already have like a million things. Yeah, because in the palace, they would have had all the toys they wanted and all the treats and all the yummy things that they could imagine. The farming is more fun, but on the farm, all they got for breakfast was a small bowl of old porridge, and they only had one toy that they could share, and the toy was just a comb to brush hair. So that was not the funnest toy ever. Maybe the king and queen didn't want Jonah and Jesse to have a lot of stuff that so many kids didn't have because that wouldn't be fair. But that's not fair because they are getting too little. Yeah. And Jonah and Jesse, when they were kids, they used to think, this isn't even fair, because yeah, maybe they shouldn't have so many toys, like if they live in a palace and everything, but they also shouldn't have the least and they had the least toys of any of their friends. And they also all just had one shirt and one pair of pants that they had to share. And so they couldn't go out at the same time. Like, Jesse could wear Jonah's clothes or Jonah could wear Jesse's clothes, and they really didn't have a lot of things. So sometimes they would. Like, one day, they made an old towel into a pair of pants by sewing it together. They had to cut the towel in half, and then they sewed together the towel to make it into pants because they didn't have any other clothing. And Jesse and Jonah knew that their parents were the king and the queen, and they always wanted to go in the castle, but the guards wouldn't let them. But then the thing is, they were both princes. Why would the princes not be allowed in? And they were princes, and it felt like so unfair to them that the guards didn't even let them in a castle, even though they were princes. And Jesse and Jonah grew, and they got bigger and bigger until they became teenagers. And when they were teenagers, one day it was around lunchtime and it was raining and it was very cloudy, and they heard a trumpet playing through the rain, and there was a giant announcement from the castle. And it said, hear ye, hear ye. The king and queen have died. It's time for two new kings to rule. And no, if Joan is the king, then Jesse stays appoint. And just as they heard that announcement, they saw a big march through the streets with a lot of soldiers who were wearing uniforms. And the soldiers marched all the way up to their little cottage that was on the edge of town. And the soldiers knocked on the door, and the farmer opened the door, and the farmer said, are the princes here? And the farmer said, yes. And the soldier said, make way. And they went into the house, and they looked at Jonah and they looked at Jesse, and they said, come with us. Jonah and Jesse didn't really have a choice. It was a little bit scary to see all the soldiers, so they decided to follow the soldiers back to the castle. They had to share pants. Did the soldiers bring them clothes? And Jonah was wearing the towel that he made into pants for his pants, and he had a regular shirt, and he shared his regular pants with Jesse. Finally, they got to the castle. And when they got to the castle, the soldiers told Jonah and Jesse that the proclamation was right. The old king and queen had died, and they needed new kings. And the choice was either for Jonah to be king and Jesse to remain a prince because Jonah was the older one. Yeah, but how could Jesse be a king? Or for both? Jesse could be a god or for Jonah and Jesse to be kings. And they would switch days. Like on Saturday, Jonah would be a king, and then on Sunday, it would be Jesse's turn. And depending on what day of the week it is, one of them got to sit in the throne, and one of them got to rule, and the other one had to just listen. And so they decided that that was fair. And then the guards agreed to do everything that Jonah and Jesse said. And there was a trumpeting sound again. And the whole kingdom celebrated the ascent of the two brotherly kings. They celebrate that because the king and queen died, and everybody was kind of sad. But they were also happy that there were two new strong kings. And Jonah and Jesse said that as their first days, jonah would go first, and then the second day, Jesse would go second. And Jonah made a rule that from that day, all of the kids who lived in the kingdom would get a free jump rope. And so the guards had to go to different cities to buy all the jump ropes from all the stores. And then they had to go give them out to all of the kids in the kingdom. And then as night fell, all the kids got their jump ropes. And the next morning they woke up, and instead of having a little bit of porridge for breakfast, they had a yummy feast of waffles with whipped cream, some pancakes with bacon and eggs. And it was Jesse's turn to be king. And Jesse said, But Jonah doesn't have to listen to Jesse because he's supposed to be the king, really? But he just decided Jesse would have a tone. No, Jonah had to really listen, because when it was Jesse's turn to be king, he got to really be king. And Jesse said that for his first decision, he was going to get all of the kids in the kingdom scooters. And the guards had to scurry about to all of the stores, and they bought all of the scooters that there were and they gave them to all of the kids. And then night fell and Jesse went to sleep on the royal king bed. And then the next morning when Jonah woke up, it was his turn to be king. And when he was king, he decided to read a book that his parents wrote. And the book said, secret, if you read this, don't tell anybody what's inside. And Jonah opened up the book, and he saw a note from his mom. And the note said, jonah, if you're reading this book, it means that me and your dad are dead and that you are now the king. And Jesse, your brother is either a prince or you're sharing the kingdom with him. Be very careful of the guards, because if you tell the guards to do something, then they'll do the opposite. And that's why when you were kids, we didn't let you live in the palace, and we had you live on a farm instead. And as Jonah was reading the book, some guards came in the room. Jonah quickly closed the book. He hid it in a desk that was right next to him. And he looked at the guards, and the guards said, what should I do? And Jonah had to think of a plan, because now he knew that the guards really didn't get scooters for all of the kids. Instead they took them away. And he needed to tell Jesse that the guards didn't really get bicycles for the kids. Instead, he took all the bikes away from the kids. And so Jonah had an idea. He told all of the guards, I need you guys to stay in the palace today. And Jonah's plan was that the guards would do the opposite. And so all of the guards left the palace for a day off for a vacation. And that's when Jonah made an announcement to the people of the kingdom that the people of the kingdom could come to the palace. And the people of the kingdom listened to jonah and jesse when jonah and jesse told them, don't let the guards back in because they're just tricking. And the people helped keep the guards away. And jonah and jesse became the best kings ever. And they lived happily ever after. The end.