Once upon a time, long time ago, there was a three-year-old whose name was Cameron. Cameron grew up in the forest, and his family had a house that was made of trees. It was a treehouse. Instead of having a regular roof on his house, they had a lot of leaves. So when it rained, the rain just went on the leaves and went off the side of the treehouse instead of going through the cracks. Cameron and his baby brother Jack loved the treehouse. But Jack wasn't able to climb up by himself because there was a rope ladder, and you had to be at least three years old to climb up it.

One day, Cameron's mama helped Jack climb down the ladder, and Jack climbed down by himself, pretend, because he couldn't really do it. But Cameron climbed down. When they got to the bottom, Cameron told his mom and his baby brother Jack that they should go on an adventure to explore the forest. His mama thought that was a good idea. So they took out their Power Wheels car and they plugged it into a tree because this kind of Power Wheels car could be plugged into a tree. They charged up the batteries and they started to go. It was a jeep Power Wheels, and it could go through a lot of dirt and a lot of muck.

Cameron was driving his Power Wheels through the forest, on the dirt, around some branches, near some trees, and over some little puddles when suddenly he found a hidden corner. In the hidden corner, there was a rocket ship. But the rocket ship was upside down. The top of the rocket ship was on the bottom side, and the bottom of the rocket ship was on the top side. The rocket ship was yellow and it looked big enough for kids to go in it. Cameron asked his parents, "How did that yellow rocket ship get there? Did it crash?" His parents said they didn't know and that it was a mystery.

Cameron asked if they could go on, and Cameron's mom said, "Okay." Cameron, his baby brother Jack, and his mom went in the yellow rocket ship that was upside down because there was also an upside-down door that they opened, and there were some steps to let them get up there. When they got inside, they saw there were some astronaut suits that were the size for kids. Cameron put on a kid astronaut suit and his mom put on an astronaut suit. They had a lot of fun going in the rocket, and the rocket had a yellow button in the middle. They pressed the yellow button and the rocket started to go.

Cameron said, "5, 4, 3, 2, 1, lift off." He pressed the yellow button. The yellow rocket ship, instead of going up into the sky, went down into the ground. Cameron was able to drive the rocket ship under the ground. When the rocket ship stopped flying under the ground, they were in a big cave. The big cave had pink lights all over it and it had bones. Cameron asked his mom why the bones were there. Were they dinosaur bones? His mom said, "We have to look at the bones." They looked carefully and they saw that there were some dinosaur bones. These bones were the same shape as dinosaurs, but they were little dinosaurs.

Suddenly, just as they found some dinosaur bones, Cameron turned on his flashlight and looked the other way. On the other side of their yellow rocket ship, in the underground tunnel, they saw a little green dinosaur. The green dinosaur was so small, it was even smaller than a baby doggie. It was as small as if you just put your fingers together and that space between your fingers, that's how small it was. It was like a kid's little fingers. Cameron said, "Mom, we just discovered dinosaurs. And these dinosaurs aren't scary because they're so little." These dinosaurs did not have regular teeth because these dinosaurs had silly teeth that were made out of gum. Whenever they wanted to chew something, they just chewed the gum by clamping together their teeth.

The dinosaurs all wore clothing and they had hula hoops and they loved to dance. The dinosaurs told Cameron, his baby brother Jack, and Cameron's mama that they could show them around the tunnel. They started leading Cameron. Cameron turned on his flashlight and they followed the dinosaurs until they got to the middle of the cave. When they got to the middle of the cave, they saw there was a dinosaur dance party where all of the dinosaurs had some silly clothing on and they were jumping up and down and to the right and to the left and having so much fun listening to music from Frozen. They thought the songs were so nice. One of the dinosaurs said he really liked Elsa.

Just as the dinosaurs were having this party, Cameron saw that in the middle of the lake that was in the middle of the cave, there was a pirate ship. It was a little pirate ship, but there were people on the pirate ship. These people were even littler than Cameron's baby brother Jack. But they were grown-ups and Cameron had never seen a grownup that was just as little as a baby. These were grown-up pirates and they were as little as babies. The grown-up pirates got off the pirate ship, which was in the cave, and they were as big as a person's hand, not any bigger than that.

One of the pirates was wearing a patch over his eye and he was wearing a big pirate hat. He was carrying a sword, which wasn't really a sword because, should I tell you what he used for swords? A piece of grass. And it wasn't even sharp. The pirate went up to Cameron and said, "Here ye, Cameron, I take it you have found our place." Cameron said that he had. The pirate said to Cameron that he wanted to be Cameron's friend and for Cameron to take him in the rocket ship back to the top of the Earth because he didn't want to stay in the cave, in the tunnel, underground forever. Cameron asked his mom what to do, and his mom said that that was okay.

So they brought the little pirates, which were tiny little people, in their yellow rocket ship and they blasted off to go back to the top of the ground. When they got back to the top of the ground, Cameron looked around and he saw that he brought the yellow pirate with him. The pirate came out of the yellow rocket ship and they went back to the forest. Do you know where the pirate was standing? On Cameron's shoulder. The pirate loved to stand on Cameron's shoulder as Cameron was walking around the forest. Cameron said, "I have to be careful because I don't want a bird from the forest to come snatch you or a monkey to go down because you're so little." The pirate said that birds and monkeys won't do that to a pirate. Cameron said, "Okay."

Cameron got a little cage for the pirate and gave him little pirate food every day. He took care of him and had the pirate as a pet. Cameron and Jack lived happily ever after with their pirate pet. Whenever someone came to visit, they always loved to show their friendly pirate. Once in a while, they went back on the rocket to visit the underground cave and see the dinosaurs and pirates. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to Make Up because they will like it.