Once upon a time, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They were going on a big adventure, and they were riding horses. Jesse was riding a pony, and Jonah was riding a big horse. There was a lady in front of the pony, guiding it where to go while Jesse was on it. Jonah's big horse was right next to Jesse's pony. Suddenly, the pony and the horse stopped listening to the lady and started running away with Jesse and Jonah on top of them, off the trail in the middle of the forest.

Jesse said to the pony, "Stop!" But the pony wouldn't listen. He tried to hold on to the pony a little bit tighter to get it to stop, but it still didn't listen. The pony kept running past lots of trees and a pond until it got to the middle of a forest where there were lots of birds making tweet tweet sounds.

Forests have lots of trees and not so many other things, like buildings. Well, they have no buildings. They can have houses and stuff, but usually, forests have no houses and no buildings. A few years ago, there was a forest fire that started in California by somebody who was trying to do some work. A spark went from metal onto some grass, and the grass was so dry that it caught fire, and the whole forest started to burn.

But Jesse and Jonah were in a different forest. They were in a forest where the trees were so high up they went all the way to outer space. The trees were so big, and some of the trees had doors in them. The horse that Jonah was on wanted to knock down one of the doors to get into one of the trees. That's exactly what it did. It picked up its front legs and kicked in the door at the entrance of the tree. Then it went inside the tree, and Jesse's pony followed.

When Jesse and Jonah went inside the tree on their horses, they saw there was a wooden elevator inside the tree, and there was a rope that connected to the top of the elevator. Jesse and Jonah saw there was one button in the elevator that said "space." Jesse pressed the space button, and suddenly the rope started to pull them up until they went through the wooden elevator all the way to the top of the tree until they finally got to outer space.

When they got to outer space, the wooden elevator was outside of the tree because it went off into outer space. The elevator door opened, and Jesse's pony stepped out into outer space. There was no ground or anything like that in outer space, but the pony still floated. Jonah's horse also went to outer space, and it also floated. Jesse and Jonah were floating in outer space, and they could see that there was a big rainbow that was starting to form around the Earth.

Jesse said, "Well, Jonah, how are we even going to get back to Earth?" The reason the rainbow was forming was probably because of the atmosphere and the sunlight kind of going together. From outer space, they could see the wind was blowing in different directions, and the wind was carrying some dust that had glitter in it and was made of cotton candy. That's what made it turn into a rainbow color, because there were clouds on top of Earth that turned into cotton candy clouds.

Jesse and Jonah wanted to go back down to Earth, so they pointed their horses towards the cotton candy clouds, and they started riding back down all the way to the cotton candy clouds. When they got to the cotton candy clouds, their horse's feet got stuck, and they couldn't move because cotton candy is a little bit sticky. So Jonah and Jesse were saying, "Help, help!" because they didn't want to be stuck in that cloud forever.

They didn't know what to do until Jesse said, "Oh, I have an idea. What about that rope?" He remembered there was a rope that was connected to the elevator that went to outer space, and the rope was dangling just above them. Jesse reached up as high as he could, and he had to stand on top of his pony. He held onto the rope and pulled it a little bit, then sat back on his pony. Jonah held onto Jesse's feet so that Jonah on his horse was connected to Jesse. Jesse pulled the rope up, and when he pulled the rope up, it got them unstuck from the cotton candy cloud.

Jonah and Jesse were able to go through outer space holding onto the rope so they wouldn't be stuck in a cotton candy cloud and fly back into the tree. They flew on the rope through outer space back into the tree. When they got back into the tree, they saw that the wooden elevator was there, but this time it had a different button. The button didn't say "space" anymore; it said "forest." Jesse pressed the forest button, and suddenly the wooden elevator went all the way down the tree, and it got to the bottom of the tree where the forest was.

That's when Jonah and Jesse got out of the wooden elevator. They went out of the tree to the middle of the forest again. Jesse said, "Well, Jonah, how are we going to get back on the trail where our mom and dad are? And the lady who is showing the horse where to go?" Jonah said he wasn't sure. Then Jesse said, "Well, we might be lost forever then." Just as he said that, he heard a voice. The voice was saying, "Jonah, Jesse, where did you go?" He could hear that it was his mom's voice. So Jesse said, "Here I am."

Jesse's mom kept running through the forest, and she finally saw that Jesse and Jonah were safe and sound and that they were on a horse and pony. Jesse and Jonah told their parents and the lady who was guiding them about the big adventure they had going into the tree that had a wooden elevator going to space, getting stuck in a cotton candy cloud, holding onto a rope to get back to Earth, and getting all the way back there. Jesse's mom and Jonah's mom said, "That is a special story."

Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end.