Yiddi. Diana welcome to makeup stories. My name is white. Go to makeup stories.com to join the club. Makeup stories club. Bully. Fooly. AI. Tonight's makeup story is a request from my younger son Jesse, who's lying down right beside me. And Jesse asks for me to make up a story about a rope that when you touch it, it flies. And Jonah and the rope flies with you on it. And Jonah doesn't want anything in the story. What's up? Out of tibe a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and jesse. And Jonah and Jesse were going on a big trip, and they were riding horses. Jesse was riding a pony, and jonah was riding a big horse, and there was a lady who was in front of the pony, and the lady was kind of showing the pony where to go while Jesse was on it. And Jonah's big horse was right next to jesse's pony, and suddenly the pony and the horse stopped listening to the lady, and they started running away with Jesse and jonah on top of them off the trail in middle of the forest. And jesse said to this pony, stop. But the pony wouldn't listen. And he tried to hold on to the pony, like a little bit tightly to get the pony to stop. And the pony still didn't listen. And the pony kept running and running past a lot of trees, past a pond, until it got to the middle of a forest where there were lots of birds that were making tweet tweet sounds. Forests are just trees and there are nothing else. Yeah. And forests are places that have lots of trees and not so many other things, like buildings. Well have no buildings. Yeah, and forests have no buildings. Can have houses and stuff. Because here's something that's true. There's been a man that made a big fire in the middle of the woods and because of striking metal on some logs, a wild fire, and he was in the middle of fire force, and that's why I spread it and got one to some of these files. Yeah. And usually forests have no houses and no buildings and stuff. But if somebody decides they could build like a log cabin or a little cottage or something like that in a forest and a few years, if all of the predators that need shelter and they want to make a hole in a tree, then they just pick pick a tree and then there's a hole. That's right. And a few years ago, there was a forest fire that started in California by somebody who was trying to do some work, and a spark went from metal onto some grass, and the grass was so dry and it caught fire, and the whole forest started to burn. But Jesse and jonah were in a different forest. Jesse and jonah were in a forest where the trees were so high up they went all the way to outer space. And the trees were so big, the trees were so big, and some of the trees had doors in them. And the horse that Jonah was on wanted to knock down one of the doors to get into one of the trees. And that's exactly what it did. It picked up its front feet, its front legs, and the horse kicked in the door at the entrance of the tree, and then it went inside the tree, and Jesse's pony followed. And when Jesse and Jonah went inside the tree on their horses, they saw there was a wooden elevator inside the tree, and there was a rope that connected to the top of the elevator. And Jesse and Jonah saw there was one button in the elevator that said space. And Jesse pressed the space button, and suddenly the rope started to pull them up until they went through the wooden elevator all the way to the top of the tree until they finally got to outer space. When they got to outer space, the wooden elevator was outside of the tree because it went off into outer space. And the elevator door opened, and Jesse's pony stepped out into outer space. And there was no ground or anything like that in outer space, but the pony still floated. And Jonah's horse also went to outer space, and it also floated. And Jesse and Jonah were floating in outer space, and they could see that there was a big rainbow that was starting to form around the Earth. And Jesse said, well, Jonah, how are we even going to get back to Earth? Well, the reason the rainbow was forming is probably because of the atmosphere and the sunlight kind of like going together. And also a bunch of clouds yeah. From outer space. At the particular part of outer space where Jonah and Jesse were, there was kind of like you could see the wind was blowing in different directions, and the wind was carrying some dust, and the dust the wind was carrying was probably, like, different had glitter in it and stuff like that. It was made of cotton candy. Yeah. And that's what made it turn into a rainbow color, because there were clouds that were on top of Earth turned into cotton candy clouds. And Jesse and Jonah wanted to go back down to Earth, and so they pointed their horses towards the cotton candy clouds, and Jesse and Jonah started riding back down all the way to earth, to the cotton candy clouds. When they got in the cotton candy clouds, their horse's feet got stuck and they couldn't move because cotton candy is like, a little bit sticky. And if there's so much cotton candy that it's, like, as much as a cloud, then even a strong horse and a medium sized pony could get stuck. So Jonah and Jesse were saying, help, help. Even a whole house yeah, even a whole house could get stuck. And jonah and Jesse were like, help, help. Because they didn't want to be stuck in that cloud forever. And they really didn't know what to do until Jesse said, oh, I have an idea. What about that rope? Because he remembered there was a rope that was connected to the elevator that went to outer space, and the rope was dangling just above them. So Jesse reached up as high as he could, and he had to stand on top of his pony, and he held onto the rope, and he kind of pulled the rope a little bit, and then he sat back on his pony, and Jonah held onto Jesse's feet so that Jonah on his horse was connected to Jesse. And Jesse pulled the rope up, and when he pulled the rope up, it got them unstuck from the cotton candy cloud. And Jonah and Jesse were able to go through outer space holding onto the rope so they wouldn't be stuck in a cotton candy cloud and fly back into the tree. Yeah, and they flew on the rope through outer space back into the tree. And when they got back into the tree, they saw that the wooden elevator was there, but this time it had a different button. And the button didn't say space anymore, it said forest. So Jesse pressed the forest button, and suddenly the wooden elevator went all the way down the tree, and it got to the bottom of the tree where the forest was. And that's when Jonah and Jesse got out of the wooden elevator. And they went out of the tree to the middle of the forest again. And Jesse said, well, Jonah, well, how are we going to get back on the trail where our mom and dad was? And the lady who is showing the horse where to go? And Jonah said he wasn't sure. And then Jesse said, well, we might be lost forever then. And just as he said that, he heard a voice. And the voice was saying, jonah, Jesse, where did you go? And he could hear that it was his mom's voice. And so Jesse said, here I am. And then Jesse's mom kept running through the forest, and she finally saw that Jesse and Jonah were safe and sound and that they were on a horse and pony. And Jesse and Jonah told their parents and the lady who was guiding them about the big adventure they had going into the tree that had a wooden elevator going to space, getting stuck in a cotton candy cloud, holding onto a rope to get back to Earth, and getting all the way back there. And Jesse's mom and Jonah's mom said, that is a special story. And Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end of thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Avia. Go to makeupstory.com to join the club. Tell your friends.