Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Even, who lived in a whole city built into the side of a mountain and made out of stone. In the stone city where Even lived, there were so many places where people played games and put on puppet shows for other kids and grown-ups to watch. One of the favorite things that people in this city did was to have a Halloween day every weekend instead of just once a year. And whenever it was Halloween, which was every weekend, everyone in the whole city that was built out of stone and carved into a mountain had to dress up in silly clothing.

Even had her costumes all picked out. Once she decided to dress up as a unicorn using a unicorn costume, another time as a mermaid, then as a princess, a race car driver, and an artist, because Even was really good at drawing. The biggest celebration day of the whole year was coming when the king of the mountain would dress up not as a king, but as a regular person. All of the teachers had to dress up as kids, and all of the kids got to wear any costume they chose.

As the morning arrived for the big costume party, there were drums banging in the street, and fireworks went off right outside of the mountain, making pretty colors in the sky. Then a magician came and made a cloud appear on the ground next to some trees. It looked like fog. But then the magician turned it into a green fire that was as cold as ice. The green fire turned into rainbow sprinkles, and the rainbow sprinkles started to float away in the wind, turning into colorful parrots that flew away to a rainforest.

It was going to be a fun costume party that day. Since everyone had to wear costumes, all of the policemen in the whole city that was built into a mountain wore pajamas instead of their regular uniforms. Even was worried that maybe someone would pretend to be a police officer and wear pajamas, but really, they would be a bad guy. So Even had an idea. She told the king, who was dressed up as a regular person in a silly clown outfit with a red, furry nose. Whenever someone touched the king's nose, he had to say "boobadoop."

Even said, "King, don't say boobadoop now with your red nose when I touch it. I have something important to tell you." The king asked, "What is it, Even?" Even explained her concern about the police and the costumes, and the king thought it would be a good idea to come up with a secret code. If someone asked a policeman what the code was, the right answer would mean they were a real policeman. If they said the wrong answer, it meant they were just pretending.

The king told Even the secret code was "kitty cat meow meow." Then the police asked the king for the secret code, and he told them it was "kitty cat meow meow," but not to tell anyone because it was a secret and only Even knew.

Costume Day was off to a roaring start, and people were having so much fun eating hot dogs, caramel-covered apples, and all sorts of yummy candy, including cotton candy. Kids were having a blast going on rides when suddenly the person who owned the hand sanitizer factory announced that in honor of Costume Day, anyone could get any special kind of hand sanitizer they wanted. Even said okay.

Even asked the person in charge of the hand sanitizer factory for glitter hand sanitizer, and he gave it to her. When she rubbed it on her hands, it turned into glitter. She then asked for nail polish hand sanitizer, and when he put it on her nails, it turned into rainbow-colored nails like real nail polish. Even couldn't believe what was happening.

She decided to do more tests. She asked the man if he could give her a special hand sanitizer that would turn into a glove or mitten when she rubbed it on her hands. He said yes and gave her silver hand sanitizer that turned into a glove on her hand, keeping her warm. This was truly a special kind of hand sanitizer.

Even wasn't done yet. She asked the man if she could use hand sanitizer to help her hold onto monkey bars while climbing. He said yes and gave her some hand sanitizer that made it easier for her to climb the monkey bars. Then Even asked for hand sanitizer stamps, and the man gave her stamps that she could use to stamp letters or pictures onto things.

Even suggested making hand sanitizer that kids could choose the smell of, like cupcakes, chocolate, or ice cream. The man thought it was a good idea. But then someone dressed as a snake snuck away with a magic hand sanitizer bottle.

Even quickly saw someone wearing pajamas and asked if they were a police officer. The person asked for the secret code, and Even said, "kitty cat meow meow." The police officer, dressed in pajamas, caught the person who took the hand sanitizer and made them give it back and apologize.

The king of the whole city that was built into the mountain thanked Even for helping do such a good job and showing everyone a good time at the costume party. And Even and her family lived happily ever after. The end.