Welcome to make it up stories. My name is Lila. Makeup Stories is the best podcast for kids ever. Tell your friends. Hi. My name is Yvanne. I live in west hard of Her, Connecticut. I'm moving to Armond. I'm four years old. Can I please have a story about a policeman wearing pajamas in the day, some pencils, and some hand sanitizer? Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Even, who lives in West Hartford, Connecticut, and who turned five years old yesterday on April 5. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Even. Happy birthday even. And Even asked for us to make up a story that includes a policeman wearing pajamas, some hand sanitizer, and pencils. Those are good requests. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Even, lived in a whole city that was built into the side of the mountain and was made out of stone. In the stone city that Even lived in, there were so many places where people got to play games and put on puppet shows for other kids and grown ups to watch. And one of the favorite things that people in this city did was instead of having just one day that was Halloween, every weekend they had a new Halloween day. And whenever it was Halloween, which was every weekend, everyone in the whole city that was built out of stone and carved into a mountain had to dress up in silly clothing. And Even had her costumes all picked out. Once she decided to dress up as a unicorn using a unicorn costume, a different time she dressed up as a mermaid, another time a princess, another time a race car driver, and a different time an artist, because Even was really good at drawing. Well, the biggest celebration day of the whole year was coming when the king of the mountain would dress up not as a king, but as a regular person. And all of the teachers had to dress up as kids, and all of the kids got to wear any costume they chose. As the morning arrived of the big costume party, there were some drums that you could hear banging in the street, and some fireworks went off right outside of the mountain, and the fireworks made pretty colors in the sky. And then a magician came, and the magician made a cloud appear on the ground right next to some trees. It looked like fog. But then the magician turned it into a green fire that was as cold as ice. And the green fire turned into rainbow sprinkles, and the rainbow sprinkles started to float away in the wind, and they turned into colorful parrots that flew away to a rainforest. Well, it was going to be a fun costume party that day. And because everyone had to wear costumes, all of the policemen in the whole city that was built into a mountain, they all wore pajamas. Yes, the policemen did not wear the regular policeman and policeman uniform. Instead, they wore pajamas. But regular grownups wore pajamas, too. And Even was worried that maybe somebody would pretend to be a police and wear pajamas, but really, that would be a bad guy. So even had an idea. She told the king, who is dressed up as a regular person and was wearing a silly clown outfit and had a red nose that you could touch, and it looked like it was kind of furry, and you could touch the king's furry red nose. And then he had to say boobadoop every time you touched the king's nose. Well, Even said, King, don't say boobadoop now with your red nose when I touch it. I have something important to tell you. And the king said, what is it, Even? And Even said, well, because everyone's dressed up in costumes, I'm worried that maybe people won't know who the real police is and who's a pretend police, because they're all going to be wearing pajamas. And the king told Even it would only be a good idea if they came up with a secret code. And if you asked the policeman what the code is, if they said the right answer, it means they're a policeman. If they say the wrong answer, it means they are just pretending. So the king said, Even, don't touch my red fluffy nose anymore because we have a plan. And then he whispered the secret code into Even's ear. And the king said, Even, the secret code is kitty cat meow meow. And then the police went up to the king and said, what should our secret code be? And the king said, It's going to be kitty cat meow meow. And not to tell anyone because it was a secret and only even the kid knew. Well, Costume Day was off to a roaring start, and people were having so much fun eating hot dogs and caramel covered apples and all sorts of yummy candy, including cotton candy. And kids were having so much fun going on rides, when suddenly the person who owned the hand sanitizer factory told everyone that in honor of Costume Day, anyone could get any special kind of hand sanitizer they wanted. And even said okay. And Even went up to the person who was in charge of the hand sanitizer factory and said, can I have some glitter hand sanitizer? And the person said yes. And Even put out her hand, and he poured some regular looking hand sanitizer in her hand and Even rubbed her hands together, and it turned into glitter. Even said, I never saw this kind of magic hand sanitizer. And so she asked the hand sanitizer factory person to give her nail polish hand sanitizer. And he put hand sanitizer on Even's nails, and it turned into rainbow colored nails. It was like real nail polish. But first he had to say poof. And Even could not believe what was happening. So she decided she needed to do some more tests. She asked the man in charge of the hand sanitizer factory can you give me a special kind of hand sanitizer that I could rub all over my hands and then it turns into a glove or a mitten in case it's cold? And the man said yes. And he poured a special kind of silver hand sanitizer on Evan's hand, and she rubbed it all over. And as she was looking, she saw with her hand she saw with her eyes that it was becoming a glove on top of her hand, and it was keeping her so warm. This was truly a special kind of hand sanitizer. But even wasn't done yet. She asked the person in charge of the hand sanitizer factory if she could use this kind of hand sanitizer to hold onto monkey bars for so long in case she was climbing. And the man said, yes. And he put some hand sanitizer on Even's hands, and she started to climb some monkey bars, and she was able to hold on with one hand and jump with her hands from one part of the monkey bar to the other because the hand sanitizer made it easier. And then Even told the man that she wanted to see if she could get hand sanitizer stamps. And the person said, okay, and put some little stamps made of hand sanitizer on her fingers. And whenever Even touched something, there was a different stamp, like she could stamp the letter A or B or C or a mermaid stamp or a police in a pajama stamp. And then Even told the man she had a special idea. She said, what if we make hand sanitizer? And kids could choose what it smells like? For example, you could choose if your hand sanitizer smells like cupcakes or chocolate or ice cream. And the person said, It's a good idea. But then suddenly somebody came, and they were dressed up as a snake, and they snuck away a magic hand sanitizer bottle. And quickly even saw somebody who was wearing pajamas. And she said, Are you a police? And the person said, what's the secret code? And even said it's kitty cat. Meow. Meow. And the police who was dressed up in the pajamas caught the guy who took the hand sanitizer away from the hand sanitizer factory man and made him give it back and say he is sorry. And the king of the whole city that was built into the mountain thanked Even for helping do such a good job and showing everybody a good time. I'm at the costume party. And Even and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. The best podcast ever. Say your friends.