Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse lived on the edge of town in a little hut made of sticks and dirt. They were part of a very poor family, and their parents didn't have much money. Jonah and Jesse each had only one pair of pants and one shirt, and they had many holes in them because their parents couldn't afford to buy them new clothes. Jesse and Jonah didn't have any toys either. Living at the edge of town, it was a long way to the nearest playground. Every day, they had to walk to school because they didn't have a car, scooter, bicycle, or skateboard. Their house was missing one of its walls, which had blown away in a storm when Jesse and Jonah were just toddlers.

One day, as Jesse and Jonah were walking near the town, they noticed a little lantern on the side of the road. Jesse thought that maybe someone had dropped it, so he decided to pick it up and take it to town to give it to someone. When Jesse picked up the lantern, a genie came out! The genie was big and green, and he said, "I've been stuck in that lantern for 10,000 years. Thank you so much for picking it up! Because you set me free, I am going to give each of you one toy."

Jonah and Jesse whispered to each other and decided that the best toy to choose was a bicycle, so they wouldn't have to walk to school every day. They held hands and told the genie together, "We want a bicycle." The genie said, "Poof! Avra cadavera!" And suddenly, two blue bicycles appeared in front of Jonah and Jesse. The genie disappeared just as quickly as he had arrived.

These bicycles were special because they had long butterfly wings attached to them. When you pedaled the bicycle, the chain would make the butterfly wings flap. Jesse and Jonah hopped on their new bicycles and started pedaling home to tell their parents about the genie and how they got the bicycles. As they pedaled, they noticed that the wings on the bicycles started to flap, and they began to fly through the air, higher and higher!

Jonah and Jesse flew above the forest next to their house and biked faster and faster through the air until they reached a part of the sky where the clouds were pink and made of cotton candy. They parked their bikes on top of one of the cotton candy clouds and started to eat the cotton candy. Jesse even put some extra cotton candy in his pocket.

As they ate the cotton candy, they noticed that it gave them extra power to bike even faster and higher. They got back on their bikes and saw a mouth growing on their bicycles. They fed the bicycles some cotton candy, which acted like fuel, making the bicycles go faster and flap their wings even more.

Jesse and Jonah flew their bicycles with butterfly wings high in the air, even higher than the pink cotton candy clouds. They got so high that they were close to outer space! But then they remembered their parents waiting for them at home. They started pedaling backward, which made the bicycles descend slowly. As they went down, the bicycles ran out of cotton candy power and started falling. Luckily, they landed on a soft cotton candy cloud.

They fed their bikes more cotton candy and started pedaling backward again. Their bikes went lower and lower until they finally reached their house. When they arrived, they showed their parents the new bicycles. Their parents suggested that they could use the bicycles to give rides and make some money, and maybe even make enough money to build a new wall for their house.

Just then, the genie reappeared and said, "Jonah and Jesse, I give three wishes, and you only asked for one: the bicycles. What is your second wish?" Jonah and Jesse wished for the missing wall in their house to come back, and poof! It came back. The genie then asked, "What is your third wish?" Jonah and Jesse wished to have a few more toys, but not too many.

The genie agreed and said he would hide a toy somewhere near their house once a month until they turned ten years old. Jonah and Jesse were so happy, and they all lived happily ever after. Thanks for listening to this story. My name is Francis. Go to make-up-story.com to join the club and tell your friends!