Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse lived in the rainiest rainforest in the whole world. They lived inside a tree, right in the middle, and there was a door that they could open to get into their tree home. The part where they lived was underground, and that's how they stayed dry from the rain. When the soil and dirt around the tree got wet, the roots of the tree would drink up all of the water, and it wouldn't get into Jonah and Jesse's house.

Their house was really small, so Jonah and Jesse often played outside while it was raining. All of their friends played outside in the rain too. Jonah and Jesse weren't scared of thunder or lightning because they were so used to being outside while it rained so much.

One day, Jonah and Jesse were playing outside, and they were on a bridge made out of tree roots. Someone had tied the different tree roots together, poured some magic water on them, and the roots started to grow, turning into a bridge. Jonah and Jesse were throwing rocks off the bridge, and there was a big fish that would jump up and try to eat those rocks. This fish got stronger when it ate rocks, and its skin turned into rock. This fish, called a stonefish, only lived in streams and rivers in this rainforest. Some of the kids in their village were scared of the stonefish because they were worried that if the fish bit them by accident, it would turn the kid into stone as well. But Jonah and Jesse weren't scared of the stonefish, and that's why they kept feeding it little pebbles or tiny rocks.

Jesse had an idea to catch the stonefish and take it out of the stream where it lived, and put the stonefish in a big puddle. He got a net that he had at his house, attached the net to a stick, put a little bit of rocks in the net, and placed it in the stream. When the stonefish came to eat up the little rocks that were in the net, Jesse quickly grabbed the stick and caught the stonefish, pulling it out of the water. He carried it through the muddy land, all the way next to his house, where he had dug a ditch that was full of water from the rain. Jesse quickly put the stonefish in the water, and the stonefish splashed and splashed so much, trying to get out, but there was nowhere it could go because fish can't fly. So it was stuck there.

When the fish was stuck there, Jesse decided to see what would happen if he fed the fish some of his mom's jewelry. He asked his mom for permission to use a gold necklace she had. Kids shouldn't try this at home, but his mom said yes. Jesse took his mom's gold necklace and put it in the little puddle where the stonefish was, and the stonefish ate the gold necklace, turning into a golden stonefish. It got really heavy because gold is very heavy. All of the other kids that lived in Jesse's village came out of their little underground treehouses because they wanted to see a fish that was gold. They all saw it and thought it was really cool.

Soon, word spread, and people came from different villages to see the golden stonefish. Someone had the idea of turning the stonefish into chocolate by feeding it a little piece of chocolate, but their parents told them not to do that because they might end up turning into chocolate as well. So the kid decided not to do that.

Instead, Jonah had a really good idea. He told Jesse that in the stream where the stonefish came from, there might be other stonefish as well. They decided to catch another stonefish using the same trick where they made a net and put some pebbles in it. They caught another stonefish and put it in the same little ditch that had some water as the first stonefish. The two stonefish were so lonely that they fell in love and decided to make some babies. Since one of the stonefish was gold and the other was made out of rock, their babies were half golden and half rocks.

Jesse realized that if you could turn a stonefish into gold, then maybe you could turn it into other things as well. So he decided to see what would happen if he fed the stonefish diamonds. He found out that, yes, the stonefish could turn into diamond stonefish. They had lots of little diamond stonefish because Jesse's brother had some stones with a little bit of diamond in them, and he shared them, turning the stonefish into diamond stonefish.

Pretty soon, they had so many precious metals and shiny things that they needed to make their ditch bigger. They made a whole big pond, and everyone in the village helped dig. It filled up with water quickly because it rained a lot, and the rain helped fill it up as well. There were some golden ones and some diamond ones in the pond.

One day, it started to rain so much, and the shape of the clouds was silly. Sometimes clouds aren't white; they could be gray or really dark. When it rained so much, there was the darkest cloud you could ever imagine. Instead of raining rain, it rained down little tiny pebbles. That's where some rocks come from. Lots of rocks come from the ground, the ocean, or from volcanoes, but there are some rocks that come from these kinds of clouds that have little rock seeds. It started raining these little rock seeds, and it rained them right into the pond that Jonah and Jesse made. When the stonefish ate up those rocks, they turned back into regular stonefish. Jesse and Jonah tried to feed them more gold and diamonds and all sorts of things, but they wouldn't turn back into any special thing anymore.

Jesse and Jonah didn't know what to do, so they decided to let the fish go. The fish, Jesse, and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end.