Aya yiddai oya. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is olivia. Go to makeupstory.com to join the makeup stories club. Good evening, AI. All right, jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about a cloud that can make something real that it's shaped out of. A cloud that can make something real that it's shaped out of. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and jesse. Jonah and jesse grew up living in the rainiest rainforest in the whole world. And they lived inside of a tree, like in middle of a tree, and there was a door that they could open to get into the tree. And the part where they lived was under the ground. And that's how they got protected from the rain, because if the soil, the dirt around the tree would get wet, then the roots of the tree would just drink up all of the water, and it wouldn't get into jonah and jesse's house. But their house was really small, and so a lot of times, jonah and jesse, they had to play outside while it was raining, and all of their friends played outside in the rain also. And so jonah and jesse weren't scared of thunder, and they also weren't scared of lightning because they were so used to just being outside while it just thundered and rained so much. Well, one day, Jonah and jesse were playing outside, and they were on a bridge that was made out of tree roots. Somebody tied the different tree roots together, and they poured some magic water on it, and the roots started to grow, and it turned into a bridge. And jonah and jesse, they were kind of throwing rocks off of the bridge, and there was a big fish that would jump up and it would try to eat those rocks. And it was a kind of fish that whenever it ate rocks, the fish got stronger and its skin turned into rock. And that fish is a kind of fish that only lives in streams and rivers in this rainforest, and it's called a stonefish. And that stonefish, some of the kids in their village were scared of the stonefish because they were worried that if the fish bit them by accident, then it would turn the kid into stone also. But jonah and jesse weren't scared of the stonefish, and that's why they would keep feeding it little pebbles or itty bitty rocks. Well, jesse had an idea, and his idea was to catch the stonefish and to take it out of the stream where it lived and to put the stonefish in a big puddle. And so he got a net that he had laying around his house, and he attached the net to a stick, and he put a little bit of rocks in the net, and he put it in the stream. And then when the stonefish came to eat up the little rocks that were in the net. Jesse quickly grabbed the stick and he caught the stonefish, and he pulled it out of the water. And when he pulled it out of the water, he started bringing it through the land, which was so muddy, all the way next to his house, where he dug a ditch that was full of water from the rain. And Jesse quickly put the stonefish in the water, and the stonefish splashed and splashed so much, and it tried to get out, but there was nowhere where it could go because it's not like fish could fly. So it was stuck there. And when the fish was stuck there, that's when Jesse decided to see what would happen if he fed the fish some of his mom's jewelry. And so he asked his mom for permission if he could use, like, a gold necklace that she had. And kids shouldn't try this at home, but his mom said yes. And he took his mom's gold necklace and he put it in the little puddle where the rockfish was, and the rockfish ate the gold necklace, and it turned into a golden rockfish, a walk that is golden. Yeah, the stonefish turned into, like, a golden rock. And it got really heavy because gold is very heavy. And all of the other kids that lived in Jesse's village, they came out of their little underground treehouses because they wanted to see a fish that was gold. And they all saw it, and they thought it was really cool. And soon people word spread, and people would come from different villages, and they would try to see the golden stonefish. Somebody turned it to chocolate, and when they ate it, they turned into chocolate. And somebody had the idea of turning the stonefish into chocolate. And their idea was, like, they would feed it like a little piece of chocolate, and maybe it would turn into chocolate and they could then eat it and it would be yummy. But their parents told them not to do that because they might end up turning into chocolate also. So the kid decided not to do that. Instead, Jonah had a really good idea. He told Jesse that in the stream where that stonefish came from, there might be other stonefish also. So they decided to catch another stonefish using the same trick where they made a net and put some pebbles in it. And they got the other stonefish and they put it in the same little ditch that had some water as the first stonefish. And those two stonefish were so lonely that they fell in love, and they decided to make some babies. And because one of the stonefish was gold and the other was made out of a rock, their babies were half golden and half rocks. And then Jesse realized that if you could turn a stonefish into, like, gold, then maybe you could turn it into other things also. So he decided to see what would happen if he could feed the stonefish diamonds also. And he found out that, yes, the stonefish could turn into diamond stonefish. And they had lots of little one of his brother's books that he'd have to open. The brother had two pieces and he used one. Yeah, his brother had some stones that had a little bit of diamond in it, and he shared and that's how they got the stonefish to turn into a diamond stonefish. Pretty soon they had so many precious metals and really shiny things, and they needed to make their ditch bigger. So they made a whole big pond, and everyone in the village helped dig, and it filled up with water quickly because one of those ones that owned an excavator that came over to help, and every shovel they did, they put on the side to make it higher. Yeah. So there was also an excavator that came to dig because everyone wanted to make a lot of space there for all of the fish, because the fish there were some golden ones, there were some diamond ones, and it also became like they had to put like ten hoses in there to fill it up. Yeah, but it did rain a lot, and the rain helped fill it up also. So the thing was, one day it really started to rain so much, and the shape of the clouds was silly. You know how sometimes when you look at a cloud, it might be like the shape of a bunny rabbit or something like that? And sometimes clouds aren't white. They could be like gray or really dark. And when it rained so much, there was the darkest cloud you could ever imagine. And instead of raining rain, what it rained down was little teensy tiny pebbles. And that's where some rocks come from. Lots of rocks come from the ground or the ocean or from volcanoes or something like that. But there's some rocks that come from these kinds of clouds that have little rock seeds. And it started raining these little rock seeds, and it rained it right into the pond that Jonah and Jesse made. And when the stonefish ate up those rocks, guess what happened? What? They turned back into regular stonefish. And Jesse and Jonah, no matter what they tried, they tried to feed it more gold and diamonds and all sorts of things, and they wouldn't turn back into any special thing anymore. And Jesse and Jonah didn't know what to do, so they decided to let the fish go. And then the fish and Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end. You for listening to my dip stories. My name is later. Go to madeupstory.com to join the Madeup club. Tell your friend.