Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a princess whose name was Pearl. Pearl was four years old, and she had blonde hair, and she lived in a house that floated in the air. The house that Pearl lived in had big butterfly wings and was able to float by flapping the wings. And the house would be able to go wherever Pearl and her parents directed it to go because in the living room of the house, there was a big steering wheel. And you can turn the steering wheel to direct the house to wherever you wanted it to go. The house also had a big red slide on the bottom in case you ever wanted to go off of the house and onto the ground. So sometimes Pearl would slide down the slide at the bottom of the house and she would reach the top of a tree, and then she would get to climb down the tree. And she also brought ropes with her and used a helmet so that she could be careful and safe.

Well, one day, Pearl was floating about in her house by herself and with her family and also with her doggie, whose name is Penny. And as Pearl was floating in her house with her family and her doggie named Penny, they suddenly saw that it got dark outside. And just as it got dark outside, they saw a whole bunch of stars in the sky. And the stars in the sky were so twinkly and so bright and so shiny. Suddenly the stars all fell out of the sky down towards the Earth. And as the stars fell down to the sky, down from the sky all the way to the Earth, they turned into fairies. And the fairies looked kind of like fireflies. The fairies were making lights in the sky, and it was very twinkly and shiny and looked very special. And soon all of the stars fell to the ground and were surrounding Pearl's floating house. And all of the stars had turned into fairies and fireflies. And it was pretty dark outside. It was like, imagine if it's nighttime and there's some moon, but there's no sun. But because the fairies and the fireflies were twinkling and glittering so much, it was very easy to see.

And suddenly all of the fairies got in a row and they got together and went in the shape of a mermaid. And the fairies were turning into the shape of a mermaid. And suddenly a mermaid came and was flying through the sky right next to Pearl's house. And the Mermaid started to sing. And as the Mermaid sang, it flapped its little flippers and was floating next to Pearl's house. The Mermaid knocked on the door and asked if she could come in. And Pearl said yes. And the Mermaid came in, and Pearl asked how the Mermaid was able to float in the air, because usually mermaids have to stay in the water. And the Mermaid said, "My name is Minnie, and I come from a special family of mermaids where these mermaids in this family can also float." And Pearl asked the Mermaid if she wanted to go down the slide with her, and the Mermaid said yes. And so Minnie the Mermaid and Pearl, the big girl, went on the slide in the floating house. They weren't on top of trees. They were on top of a pool. And so first went the Little Mermaid, and then went Pearl down the red slide all the way into the pool. And Pearl had never swam with a mermaid before, so she was very surprised to see that her doggie named Penny followed her down and was also in the pool. Suddenly, she was swimming in a pool with the Mermaid named Minnie and her doggie.

And just as she was swimming and splashing about and having fun and playing special silly Mermaid doggy games, she saw that all of the fairies were also following and going right to the pool. And they were going to the pool because they had a secret to tell Pearl. And Pearl asked the fairies what the secret was. And the fairies told Pearl that there was some special mountain made of cake that was on the other side of the mountain, and so they should go back into their house and go to the other side of the mountain and see if there's a special mountain made of cake. And Pearl said that was a good idea. So she climbed up a ladder and helped the Mermaid and her doggie get back into her floating house. And as she got back into her floating house, after she got back into her floating house, Pearl and the Mermaid and her doggie navigated. That means steered. They turned the steering wheel in her house all the way to the mountain made of cake. And by the mountain made of cake, they had a lot of fun. And they started playing a special game where you jump up in the cake, and the cake turns into a merry go round, and you get to go in circles as the cake turns around. The one who loved this game the most was the Mermaid. And so they were going around the merry go round cake when suddenly a candle came, and the candle was in the middle of the cake, and they were going around the merrygoround cake, and they saw a big giant. And the big giant was looking down at them and the giant said, "I thought it was my birthday. I was going to blow out this birthday cake for me." And they had to tell the giant, "Silly giant, this is not a giant's birthday cake. This is a regular merrygoround birthday cake. And it is meant for big girls, and it is meant for fairies, and it is meant for mermaids, but it is not for giants to eat." And the giant said he was sorry and went away.

And Pearl started to gobble up a little bit of the cake, and she gave some to her doggie named Penny. And she also gave some to some of the fairies. And Pearl went back in the house and told her mama about the big adventure. And Pearl and her mama lived happily ever after. The end.