Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Charlotte. Charlotte and her dad were going to go along with her mom on a boat ride, and then they were going to row the boat and have a picnic. So Charlotte and her parents drove the car all the way to the big lake. They parked their car, and they saw there was a big boat waiting for them to go in. Charlotte and her parents held hands, and they went all the way down to the big boat that had sails on it and had a person that climbed all the way up to the top of the sails and was saying, "Charlotte, Charlotte, we want you to come on the boat." Charlotte and her parents said, "Okay." They went on the sailboat, and Charlotte and her parents started to sail over the water.

As they were sailing, the man who was on top of the top sail slid down the sail just like it was a pole. He came down to the deck where Charlotte and her parents were. The man said that his name was Charlie. Charlotte said, "Charlie sounds like my name." The man said that he had a magic book for kids. Charlotte asked where it was. The man said, "Guess which hand?" He put out both of his hands. Charlotte said, "Silly man. A book can't fit in a hand because it's too big." The man showed that he had the tiniest book in the world in one of his hands. He opened up his hand, and Charlotte saw that there was a little book.

Charlotte was very excited because her dad brought a magnifying glass. Charlotte asked her dad to use the magnifying glass. When Charlotte opened up the book and looked at it through the magnifying glass, she saw that it was really special. It was a book about a pirate ship, some treasure, and a princess that lived in a faraway castle. As Charlotte was reading the book, do you know what happened? Voila! She went into the book because it was a magic book. Kids who are reading the book start to go into the book that they're reading, and the book lets kids read even if they don't know how to read the letters. The book reads for you when it turns the page.

So Charlotte went inside the book, and she held her parents' hands. Her parents also went in the book. As they were walking around the book, they saw that there was a pirate ship. Charlotte decided to hide in a floaty with her parents behind the pirate ship. As they were hiding in a floaty in the book behind the pirate ship, Charlotte decided to say, "beep," and she said, "beep." Then the page turned all by itself, and Charlotte and her parents were on the next page of the book. On the next page, there was a friendly dolphin. The dolphin said, "Hi, Charlotte." Charlotte and her parents went for a ride on the friendly dolphin away from the pirate ship all the way to Charlotte, Vermont.

When they got off the dolphin and back to their house in Charlotte, Vermont, Charlotte asked her parents, "Are we still in the book?" Her parents said they didn't know. Charlotte saw that she wasn't holding her magnifying glass. So then she knew she got stuck in the book, and she said, "Mom, Dad, how are we going to get out of the book? Because I know we're really in the teensy-weensy book because I don't have my magnifying glass. And in real life, a dolphin can't drop you off in Charlotte, Vermont." Charlotte's mom and Charlotte's dad said, "I don't know. We are going to need something that goes very fast to get us out of the magic book."

And so Charlotte saw that there was a toothpaste factory right next to a big lake that was full of toothpaste. The toothpaste factory's job was to have a pipe that connected to the toothpaste lake, and it had a vacuum cleaner-like device. It sucked in the toothpaste, and then inside the toothpaste factory, it went into toothpaste tubes. They had kids' kinds of toothpaste which tasted better and grown-up kinds which weren't as yummy. Charlotte saw that right behind the toothpaste lake, there was a rocket ship. Charlotte said to her parents, "Maybe we could take the rocket ship out because that's the kind of thing that could go zoom fast, speed fast, jet fast, rocket fast, nettle fast, netter fast." Charlotte's parents said that was a good idea.

So Charlotte and her parents got a different boat that they decided to start rowing across the toothpaste lake, and the oars of the boat were really toothbrushes. They were big, long toothbrushes, so that when you rowed through the toothpaste lake, it was easy for the boat to move forward. It made little itty-bitty toothpaste waves as you went in your boat over the toothpaste lake. When Charlotte and her parents got to the other side of the lake, there was a ducky who was waiting for them. The ducky told Charlotte that she was still in the book. Charlotte told the ducky that she had a secret way to get out. The ducky said, "How are you going to get out?" Charlotte told the ducky that she was going to go in the rocket ship that was behind the toothpaste lake. Then she would blast off out of the magic book and back to Charlotte, Vermont.

The ducky asked Charlotte, "Are you sure you're allowed to use the rocket?" Charlotte said she would have to check. So Charlotte asked her parents, "Do you think we're allowed to use the rocket ship that's over there?" Charlotte's parents said, "Let's go ask." They went up to the rocket ship and saw that there was a robot who was in charge. Charlotte and her parents asked the robot, who was made of a lot of pieces of metal and who had a lot of different buttons and even some telephone screens and computer screens attached to him. They said, "Are we allowed to use that rocket ship?" The robot said, "That rocket ship is a light bulb rocket ship. You can only use it if you say the right password." Charlotte said, "It's a light bulb rocket ship, and we get to use it if we say the right password. What's the right password?" The robot said, "The password is magic crystals."

Charlotte said, "Oh, I know. It's magic crystals. That's the password. You even just gave it away to me." The robot said, "Yes, I did." Then Charlotte said, "Magic crystals." The gates which were blocking the rocket ship opened up. Charlotte, the ducky, her parents, and the robot went to the rocket ship, and they put some magic crystals in the rocket ship to power it up. They turned on the switch, and the light bulb rocket ship's light turned on. Anyone who looked at the light bulb rocket ship, their skin turned blue, and their teeth turned into gummy bears.

Charlotte and her parents blasted off in the rocket out of the kids' book. When the rocket came out, they landed in Charlotte, Vermont, just a block away from their house, where there was a playground. All of the kids in the playground said, "Charlotte, how did you just appear out of the rocket ship? And where's the book?" Charlotte saw that there was a magnifying glass right next to her feet. She picked up the magnifying glass and told the kids they have to look through the magnifying glass if they want to see the magic book. All of the kids said, "Yay." Charlotte and her family lived happily ever after. The end.