Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Audrey. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Hi, my name is Charlotte, and I live in Charlotte Ramon, and I'm four years old, and I'm turning five in February 5. And I would like a story about a rocket ship and some magic crystals and a magic book that can take you anywhere. Thank you. I listen to you every night. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Charlotte who lives in Charlotte, Vermont, and who turns five years old today on February 5. And so we want to say happy birthday, Charlotte. Happy birthday, Sean. And Charlotte asked for us to make up a story that includes a rocket ship and some magic crystals and a book that can take you anywhere. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Charlotte. Charlotte and her dad were going to go along with her mom in a boat ride, and then they were going to row the boat and have a picnic. So Charlotte and her parents drove the car all the way to the big lake. And they parked their car, and they saw there was a big boat waiting for them to go in. And Charlotte and her parents held hands, and they went all the way down to the big boat that had sails on it and had a person that climbed all the way up to the top of the sails and was saying, charlotte, Charlotte, we want you to come on the boat. And Charlotte and her parents said, okay. And they went on the sailboat. And Charlotte and her parents started to sail over the water. As they were sailing, the man who was on top of the top sail slid down the sail just like it was a pole. And he came down to the deck where Charlotte and her parents were. And the man said that his name was Charlie. And Charlotte said, charlie sounds like my name. And the man said that he had a magic book for kids. And Charlotte asked where it was. And the man said, guess which hand? And he put out both of his hands. And Charlotte said, Silly man. A book can't fit in a hand because it's too big. And the man showed that he had the teeniest book in the world in one of his hands. And he opened up his hand, and Charlotte saw that there was a little book. Well, Charlotte was very excited because her dad brought a magnifying glass. And Charlotte asked her dad to use the magnifying glass. And when Charlotte opened up the book and looked at it through the magnifying glass, she saw that it was really special. It was a book about a pirate ship and some treasure and a princess that lived in a faraway castle. And as Charlotte was reading the book, do you know what happened? Bud? Voila. She went into the book because it was a magic book. Kids who are reading the book start to go into the book that they're reading, and the book lets kids read even if they don't know how to read the letters. The book reads for you when it turns the page. So Charlotte went inside the book, and she held her parents hands. So her parents also went in the book. And as they were walking around the book, they saw that there was a pirate ship. And Charlotte decided to hide in a floaty with her parents behind the pirate ship. As they were hiding in a floaty in the book behind the pirate ship, charlotte decided to say, beep, and she said, beep. And then the page turned all by itself, and Charlotte and her parents were on the next page of the book, and on the next page, there was a friendly dolphin. And the dolphin said, hi, Charlotte. And Charlotte and her parents went for a ride on the friendly dolphin away from the pirate ship all the way to Charlotte, Vermont. And when they got off the dolphin and back to their house in Charlotte, Vermont, charlotte asked her parents, are we still in the book? And her parents said they didn't know. And Charlotte saw that she wasn't holding her magnifying glass. So then she knew she got stuck in the book, and she said, mom, dad, how are we going to get out of the book? Because I know we're really in the teensy ENSI weency book because I don't have my magnifying glass. And in real life, a dolphin can't drop you off to Charlotte, Vermont. And Charlotte's mom and Charlotte's dad said I don't know. We are going to need something that goes very fast to get us out of the magic book. That's the case for the mysterious zoom Jetto. Yes. And so Charlotte saw that there was a toothpaste factory right next to a big gun of toothpaste. I'll tell you, bud, charlotte saw that there was a toothpaste factory right next to where the friendly dolphin dropped her off. And the toothpaste factory was attached to a big lake that was full of toothpaste. And the toothpaste factory's job was there was a pipe that connected to the toothpaste lake, and it had kind of like a vacuum cleaner. It sucked in the toothpaste, and then inside the toothpaste factory, it went into toothpaste tubes. And they had kids kinds of toothpaste which tasted better and grown up kinds which weren't as yummy. And Charlotte saw that right behind the toothpaste lake, there was a rocket ship. And Charlotte said to her parents, maybe we could take the rocket ship out, because that's the kind of thing that could go zoom fast speed, fast jet fast, rocket, fast nettle, fast netterfast. And Charlotte's parents said that was a good idea. So Charlotte and her parents got a different boat that they decided to start rowing across the toothpaste lake and the oars of the boat were really toothbrushes, but they were big, long toothbrushes, so that when you rode through the toothpaste lake, it was easy for the boat to move forward. And it made little itty bitty toothpaste waves as you went in your boat over the toothpaste lake. And when Charlotte and her parents got to the other side of the lake, there was a ducky who was waiting for them. And the ducky told Charlotte that she was still in the book. And Charlotte told the ducky that she has a secret way to get out. And the ducky said, how are you going to get out? And Charlotte told the ducky that she was going to go in the rocket ship that was behind the toothpaste lake. And then she would blast off out of the magic book and back to Charlotte, Vermont, allowed to use the rocket. And the ducky asked Charlotte, are you sure you're allowed to use the rocket? And Charlotte said she would have to check. So Charlotte asked her parents, do you think we're allowed to use the rocket ship that's over there? And Charlotte's parents said, let's go ask. And they went up to the rocket ship and they saw that there was a robot who was in charge. And Charlotte and her parents asked the robot, who was made of a lot of pieces of metal and who had a lot of different buttons and even some telephone screens and computer screens attached to him. And Charlotte and her parents asked that robot, they said, are we allowed to use that rocket ship? And the robot said, that rocket ship is a light bulb rocket ship. You can only use it if you say the right password. And Charlotte said, it's a light bulb rocket ship, and we get to use it if we say the right password. What's the right password? And the robot said, the password is magic crystals. And Charlotte said, oh, I know. It's magic crystals. That's the password. You even just gave it away to me. And the robot said, yes, I did. And then Charlotte said, magic crystals. And the gates which were blocking the rocket ship opened up. And Charlotte and the ducky and her parents and the robot went to the rocket ship and they put some magic crystals in the rocket ship to power it up. And then they turned on the switch and the light bulb rocket ship, its light turned on. And anyone who looked at the light bulb rocket ship, their skin turned blue and their teeth turned into gummy bears. And Charlotte and her parents blasted off in the rocket out of the kids book. And when the rocket came out, they landed in Charlotte, Vermont, just a block away from their house, where there was a playground. And all of the kids in the playground said, charlotte, how did you just appear out of the rocket ship? And where's the book? And Charlotte saw that there was a magnifying glass right next to her feet. And she picked up the magnifying glass and she told the kids they have to look through the magnifying glass if they want to see the magic book. And all of the kids said, yay. And Charlotte and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Hi, my name is Esna. I'm seven years old and live in Doneigal, Ireland. My special fact about Magic Doors is to open you have to say a password that you find on a treasure hunt. Thanks for listening to makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Sorry, friends.