Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Della. Della lived with her big sister Briar, her little sister Juna, and their parents in Durango, Colorado, in a special balloon house. The balloon house was very special because on the roof, there were so many balloons attached to it, and the house was tied to the ground with ropes. But the balloons helped lift the house a little bit off the ground. Della was lucky because whenever she wanted to go out, she could either jump off a swing at the front door or slide down a slide that went from her balloon house to the ground.

When it snowed, Della and her sisters got to slide all the way down from their balloon house into the snow. They would make snowballs and snowmen, and it was a lot of fun.

One day there was a blizzard, which is when it snows a lot. The clouds were blue that day because far away, there was a food coloring factory that released blue stuff into the air. The clouds were the same color as the sky. Sometimes the clouds got so blue that they turned dark blue, even more blue than the sky. It started to blizzard, and the snow was blue. All the snowmen in Durango, Colorado, got some blue snow on top of them. The next day, Della and her sisters got to play with blue snowballs and go for a sled ride through the blue snow.

As they were sledding through the blue snow, they saw some footprints. The footprints didn't look like they were from a person. They looked rounder, and there were four of them. Della's big sister Briar thought maybe they were from a dog. But Della said no, they were from a horse. And she was right because when they looked ahead, they saw a blue horse next to a tree. The horse was all by itself, and it wasn't wearing a winter coat or gloves. The horse was shivering because it was so cold. Della asked her mom if they could help the horse, and her mom said okay. Della, Briar, and Juna started to pet the blue horse.

As they petted the blue horse, it got warmer. The horse asked Della and her sisters if they wanted a ride. Della said yes. When they got on the horse, their mom was very surprised because the horse disappeared. It turned invisible! Della and her sisters were still on top of the horse, but it looked like they were sitting in mid-air, holding onto something that wasn't there. They laughed so much because they were riding a blue horse that nobody else could see.

Della's dad came and thought they were playing a trick on him. He didn't believe there was a real blue horse. But then Della told the blue horse to start walking, and it did. Della's dad had to believe her because not only did they move through the air, but the invisible blue horse made blue horse footprints in the snow.

Della asked the horse if it could be even more invisible so there would be no footprints, but the horse said neigh, which means no in horse language. Della and her sisters rode the blue magical horse through the blue snow and saw a blue castle in the distance. They decided to go there, and their parents followed the footprints.

When they got to the castle, there was a golden bridge in front of it. The castle was covered in blue snow, but there was red smoke coming out of a chimney. The red smoke smelled nice, like a yummy red cake was baking inside. Della told the horse to go over the golden bridge into the blue castle. Her parents asked if they could ride the horse too, but there wasn't enough space. Della asked the horse if it was okay, but the horse said neigh, which meant no. So Della's parents held onto the horse's tail, even though they couldn't see it, and followed them to the castle.

Inside the castle, there was a giant red cupcake factory. Della and her family had so much fun eating all the red cupcakes. They also found a baby yellow horse that said the blue horse was its mama. Della and her sisters and her parents lived happily ever after. The end.