Welcome to makeup stories. My name's Audrey. Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. I'm Della and my birthday is in March 22, and I live in Durango, Colorado. What? And my story is about a horse, a baby, and a castle. Bye. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a girl named Della, who lives in Durango, Colorado, and who turns four years old today on March 22. And so we want to say happy birthday, Della. Happy birthday, Della. And Della asked for us to make up a story that includes a horse, a baby, and a castle. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Della. Della lived with her big sister Briar and her little sister Juna and their parents in Durango, Colorado, in a special balloon house. The balloon house was a very special house because on the roof of the house there were so many balloons that were attached to it, and the house was tied onto the ground with ropes. But the balloons helped lift the house a little bit off the ground. And Della was lucky because whenever she wanted to go out of her house, what she had to do was either go on a swing that was in the front door and jump off the swing, or there was a slide that went from her balloon house to the ground right next to it. And when it was snowy, della and her sisters got to take the slide all the way down from her balloon house down into the snow. And they would make snowballs, and they would make snowmen. And it was a lot of fun. One day there was a blizzard. A blizzard is when it snows so much. And the clouds were blue that day because far away there was a food coloring factory that had so much blue stuff go in the air. And the blue I thought in also other places there was a blue sky. Yes, the clouds were the same color as the sky. And sometimes the clouds got so blue that it even became kind of like a dark blue, even more blue than the sky. And it started to blizzard, and the snow is blue. And all of the snowmen in Durango, Colorado, got some blue snow on top of them. And the next day, Della and her sisters got to play with blue snowballs and they went on a sled and they got to go for a sled ride through the blue snow. As they were going for a sled ride through the blue, blue snow, they saw some footprints. And the footprints didn't look like they were from a person. They looked a little bit rounder. And it wasn't just two. There were four of them. And Della's big sister Briar said, maybe it's from a dog. And Della said no. Look closely. It's actually from a horse. And Della was right, because when Della and her sisters looked ahead, in front of the sled, next to a tree, they saw a blue horse. The horse was all by itself, and it wasn't wearing a winter coat, and it had no gloves on. And the horse was shivering, it was so cold. Della said, mom, look. That blue horse looks so, so cold. Can we help it? And Della's mom said okay. And Briar told Della, della, here, let's get out of the sled and let's start petting the horse because that will make it feel better. And Della and Briar and Juna started to pet the blue horse. As they started to pet the blue horse, the blue horse got warmer. And it asked Della and her sisters if they wanted a ride. Della said, yes. When Della and her sisters got on the horse, her mom was very surprised because do you know what happened, Bud? What? The horse disappeared. It turned invisible. But Della and Briar and Juna were still on top of the horse. And Della's mom was able to see Della and Della's sisters. But the horse itself was gone, so it looked like they were sitting in middle of the air and they were holding on to something, but there was no horse. And Della was like, mom, look at the blue horse. And Della's mom started to look, and she could not see the horse. And so Della and her sisters were laughing so much because they were going on a blue horse ride and nobody else could even see the horse. Finally, Della's dad came. And Della's dad said, guys, I think you're playing a trick on me. I think there's no blue horse for real. I think you're just sitting on, like, glass or a plastic thing, and I can't see it. But then Della said no. Look, dad, I'll make it go. And Della told the blue horse to start to go, and it started to walk. And now Della's dad had to believe that she wasn't tricking because guess what? What? Not only did Della and her sisters move through the air, but the blue horse, which was invisible, and her dad couldn't see it. It made blue horse footprints. And so Della's dad could see new footprints in the snow, and so he knew there must be a horse there. But could the horse make sure there's no footprints? And Della asked the horse, horse, can you be even more invisible so that there's no footprints? And the horse said nay, which in horse language and in Dutch means no. And Della and her sisters were on the fun horse ride, and they started to see a blue castle in the distance. And Della asked her sisters if it would be so much fun to go there. And her sister said, yes. So Della and her sister started to ride the blue magical horse through the blue snow. And Della's mom and dad had to walk after the footprints because they couldn't even see where they were going. So Della's dad said, look, I'm an expert at tracking horse footprints. And wherever the horse would make a footprint, that's where Della's dad and Della's mom would go. Finally, Della and her sisters got to the castle. And when they got to the castle, there was a bridge. Could the horse make sure he jumped so far? Could the horse jump so much that he didn't really have so many footprints? There was a bridge right in front of the castle, and the bridge was made of gold. And the castle itself was full of blue snow on top of it. But there was a little kind of red smoke that was coming out of the middle of the castle. It couldn't have been scary. Yeah, there was a chimney. And it couldn't have been scary smoke, because the red smoke looked and smelled very nice, like there was some yummy red cake baking it inside. And Della told the horsey to go over the golden bridge into the blue castle. And just as she said that, she heard her mom and dad in the background saying, wait for us, wait for us. Why are you going into that tunnel? And Della and her sister said, no, mom and dad, we're not going in a tunnel. There's a golden bridge in front of us. And after the golden bridge, there's a big blue castle with a chimney and red smelly smoke that smells nice coming out, and we think there's a red cake inside. And parents said, I have an idea. How about we go on the horse as well? And Della told her mom and her dad, okay, but there's not so much space on the horse, so let me first ask the horse if it's okay. And Della whispered in the horse's ear, and she said, is it okay if my parents go on also? And the horse said, nay. And that, Della realized, meant no. So Della told her parents that they can't go on the horse, but that they could hold on to the horse's tail, and this way it would be easier to follow. So Della showed her mom and dad where the horse's tail was, and even though they couldn't see it, they held onto it and they could feel it, and it decided to go all the way to the castle. And when the horse went to the castle with Della and her parents, they saw that there was a giant red cupcake factory inside the castle. And Della and her parents had so much fun in the castle eating all of the red cupcakes. And there was also a baby yellow horse. And the baby yellow horse said that the blue horse was its mama. And Della and her sisters and her parents lived happily ever after. The End thanks for listening to Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Say your friends.