Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Michaela. Michaela looked in the mailbox and she was so happy because she saw a letter that had an M for Michaela on it. And Michaela said, "Mom, look, somebody sent a letter just to me. Can I open it?" And Michaela's mom said, "Okay." And Michaela got some scissors, and she opened up the envelope, and then she put the scissors down and she saw that inside the envelope there was a silver ticket. The silver ticket said North Pole on it, and it had a picture of some snow. Mikayla's mom took a look at that picture and she said, "Michaela, guess what? You got a ticket to the North Pole. And that means later today there is going to come to our house a special North Pole helicopter, and it's going to land on our roof, and we're going to have to go climb on top of the roof and go in the North Pole helicopter and fly all the way to the North Pole."

Michaela told her mom that first they would need to pack their coats and their gloves and some snow boots because it was going to be so cold in the North Pole. Michaela and her mom packed all of the warmest clothing they had, and then they climbed on top of the roof and they saw that there was a special bubble helicopter that came down. The bubble helicopter was really special because whenever it was flying, it would make bubbles in the back, and there was a big trail of bubbles that would fall down behind the bubble helicopter. And all the kids in the cities that the bubble helicopter went past looked up and said, "Oh, the bubble helicopter is coming."

Well, the captain told Michaela and her mom that they were ready to go in the bubble helicopter. And Michaela climbed in, and her mom climbed in, and Michaela went in a car seat that was in the helicopter. It was called a helicopter kid seat. That was funny. It was pretty silly because the helicopter kid seat, it had a steering wheel on it in the helicopter. And when you turned the steering wheel, then that told the pilot of the helicopter which way you wanted him to turn the helicopter. And so Michaela and her mom were in the helicopter, and Michaela was helping steer the helicopter, and they were making so many bubbles as it flew all the way over California, north through Canada, until it got to the North Pole.

When Michaela saw that the helicopter was on top of the North Pole, she told her mom that she saw so much ice cream. There's a part of the North Pole that's not made out of snow, but all of it is made out of vanilla ice cream on the ground instead. And there's hills of ice cream, and there's some rivers which are ice cream. When it's not frozen, it's kind of like cream and milk and sugar goes through the rivers. And there are beaches in the North Pole that are made of sprinkles. And Michaela's bubble helicopter was bubbling past the water until it landed on the ice cream land right next to the milky, creamy river. And also she saw that there were some kids that were digging in the North Pole, digging through the rainbow sprinkles and having fun as they made a rainbow sprinkle castle.

And Michaela told her parents the first thing she wants to do when she gets out of the bubble helicopter is to start eating. And Michaela got out of the bubble helicopter, and her mom got out of the bubble helicopter also. And just as they got out, they saw that there was a big kitty cat that stood up on two legs like a person and was wearing people clothing, and he was wearing glasses. And the kitty cat had really big snow boots on. And the kitty cat had the silliest nose in the world. The kitty cat's nose looked like an elephant's nose, and he was walking elephants. I don't know if they even have it's like their blue trunks. That's what the kitty cat had. It was so long and it dangled all the way to the ground. And the kitty cat was walking right up to Michaela and her mom and the pilot of the bubble helicopter. And the kitty cat said, "Welcome to the North Pole. Do you have your ticket?" And Michaela said, "Mom, did you forget to bring the ticket?" And Michaela's mom said, "Don't worry, it's in my pocket." And Michaela's mom pulled out the silver ticket that came in the mail for Michaela, and she showed it to the kitty cat that was dressed up as a person and had a silly long elephant nose, which dangled on the ground. And Michaela's mom said, "Here's our silver ticket." And the kitty cat looked at the silver ticket and he said, "Welcome to the North Pole, Michaela." And Michaela was really happy. And she said, "Are you the kitty cat that can talk?" And the kitty cat said, "Michaela, I have to whisper a secret, but no other kids can hear it." And Michaela said, "What's the secret?" And the kitty cat whispered, "Meow, meow, meow, meow." And Michaela said, "Wait, I didn't hear it." And the kitty cat said, "After you get back in the bubble helicopter, you'll remember what I said." And Michaela asked the kitty cat if they could eat some of the rainbow sprinkles because there were so many on the beach in the North Pole. And the kitty cat told Michaela that the first thing they needed to do was to make a polar bear out of frosting. And Michaela said, "How could we do that?" And the kitty cat showed Michaela that in the kitty cat's backpack he had a lot of frosting. And the kitty cat told Michaela that if you just help draw a polar bear with frosting, and even if your mom helps, then do you know what happens after you draw it with frosting? What? It becomes a real frosting polar bear. And the polar bears jobs in the North Pole all the polar bears have very important jobs in this part of the North Pole. In this part of the North Pole, the polar bears are in charge of finding ice cream cones because sometimes when kids who have silver tickets visit the North Pole, they don't just want to eat ice cream from the ground because everyone steps on the ground. They usually want a polar bear to put it in an ice cream cone for them. So polar bears their responsibility. It's their job every day on the North Pole. In this part of the North Pole, they have to go get ice cream cones from an ice cream cone factory on the other side of the North Pole. And then they have to scoop up some ice cream from the ground and put a little bit of rainbow sprinkles on it that they get from the beach and then give it to kids if the kids have silver tickets. So Michaela did what the kitty cat told her and made the polar bear out of frosting. And the polar bear came alive, and he went as fast as he could to the other side of the North Pole, and he got a big ice cream cone for Michaela. And he came rushing back and scooped up some ice cream from the ground and he made sure it was clean. And he put some rainbow sprinkles on it and said, "Here you go, Michaela." And Michaela loved the ice cream. The pilot told Michaela that it was getting late, so they better go back to her house in California. And Michaela and Michaela told the pilot, "Okay, but can we take the ticket?" And the pilot said, "Okay." And Michaela took the silver ticket back to California and the helicopter blew bubbles all over everywhere in California. And Michaela got home, and she and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.