Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Ezra. Ezra and his big brother Mayor loved to try to make robots. Sometimes they would put different pieces of metal together, and they would attach different pieces of wire to the metal, and they would put some eyes on the robot and they would see if it would move. But usually, when Ezra and Mayer tried to make a robot, it didn't really work.

One of the robots that Ezra and Mayer made was made of Lego. But inside of the Lego, they put some batteries. And the robot had a big Lego head, and it had Lego arms and Lego hands and Lego fingers, and the robot also had Lego legs and Lego feet. And if you turned on the on switch, the Lego robot was able to walk just like a person. The robot that Ezra and Mayer made was very surprising because the robot couldn't talk, so it wasn't like a person. And the robot couldn't even say, "I am a robot." The only thing that the Lego robot could do was to clean up.

And so one day, Ezra and Mayor's dad said, "Ezra, Mayor, it's time for you guys to clean up, because soon it's going to be Pajama time." And Ezra and Mayor had an idea. First, Mayor said, "Ezra, why don't we get our Lego robot and turn it on?" And so Ezra and Mayor rushed to their Lego robot, and they turned on the switch, and the Lego robot started to move its arms and its feet, and it started to clean up all of the toys for Ezra and Mayor.

First, the Lego robot got all of the toy cars, and it put them in a line. And then the Lego robot got some blocks and put the blocks back where they were supposed to go. The Lego robot was so silly that instead of cleaning up extra Lego pieces, do you know what it did? The Lego robot put the Lego pieces on itself, so it got to be a bigger Lego robot. And then the Lego robot built a vacuum cleaner out of Lego. And the Lego robot started to vacuum the floor for Mayor and Ezra.

When Mayor and Ezra's dad came in to look, he was like, "What happened to the mess?" And Mayor told him, "Dad, we have a Lego robot. And the Lego robot really cleaned everything up for us. And it also has a vacuum cleaner made out of Lego." And Ezra and Mayor's dad looked around, but he couldn't see the Lego robot because the Lego robot was trying to camouflage itself in between the other Lego pieces. But Ezra got the robot, and Mayor said, "Dad, look. We have the Lego robot." And they turned on the switch to the robot again.

And as they did that, it was really special because the Lego robot not only had a vacuum, but it started to build a digger. It really, really was good. Not just at cleaning, but this kind of Lego robot was able to build itself into a big digger machine so it could do real construction. And Ezra asked his dad if he and Mayor could take the Lego robot that was turning into a digger and go outside to the backyard to dig a big hole. And Ezra's parents said yes.

So Ezra and Mayer went out with the Lego robot, and the Lego robot went, and it started to dig a big hole in the ground. As it dug, it couldn't reach anymore. And so it went back inside and attached more Lego to itself and then went back outside through the door to the grass, and it dug even deeper. When the Lego robot was digging so much, Ezra and Mayor were saying, "Good job, Lego robot. Good job, Lego Robot." And Mayor had the idea of bringing a flashlight so they could see deep in the hole.

Well, soon the Lego robot was all done digging a big, big hole. And around the hole were Ezra and Mayor. And Mayor had a flashlight. So he shined the flashlight into the big hole. And when Mayor and Ezra looked down at the big hole, they saw that at the bottom of it, there was a trampoline. So kids shouldn't try this, but if you jumped into this particular hole, all the way in the bottom, there was a trampoline that would bounce you back up. And so there was really a reason that the Lego robot was digging there because there was a hidden underground trampoline. So if you just went right down that hole, you'd bounce right back up, so you could bounce from underground to the top of the ground.

Mayor just said, since he's four years old, he should go first. But Ezra said, "But Mayor, it's just my birthday, and I turned three years old three days ago, and I had a birthday cake, and I got a present, so it should be my turn." And Mayor said, "Okay," because Mayor was a good big brother. And Ezra jumped down the hole with his dad watching, and at the bottom, there was a trampoline. And the trampoline was so, so silly because once you stepped on the trampoline, it put little silly pieces of gold on the bottom of your foot. And so when you jump to the top of the ground, underneath your feet, under your tootsies and your toes and everything, you'd see little pieces of gold.

And so after Mayor did it, Ezra went down. And when he went down, because he waited for second and shared, he got even more gold and silver. And Ezra and Mayor decided to share their gold and silver. And then their dad said, "Hey, how about you guys give the gold and silver to the Lego robot and see what it does?" And Ezra and Mayor decided to do that because it really was the Lego robot that decided to dig in the first place.

So Ezra and Mayor gave their special gold and silver to the Lego robot, and the Lego robot started to go. And just as it made those noises, the Lego robot started to build a miniature kid-sized rocket ship. And the kid-sized rocket ship was made on the inside out of Lego, but on the outside, it was made of silver and gold. And it was so shiny, and it had a flashlight on top of the rocket ship.

And the Lego robot didn't know how to make any rocket engines. And so Mayor told the Lego robot and Ezra and their dad that they needed to put on the kind of ketchup rocket engine where if you squeeze the ketchup so hard, a lot of ketchup comes down. And then this way, if the ketchup comes down so hard, the rocket ship would go up. And then the kids who were on the ground watching the rocket ship go up, the silver and gold rocket ship, well, they could just have extra ketchup if they wanted it for French fries or for something yummy like chicken nuggets. And so it was really going to be their choice.

Well, Ezra and Mayor saw that the rocket ship was finishing up, and they put the ketchup blasters on the bottom and they opened up the special gold and silver rocket ship. And they got inside and their dad said, "All right, I'll watch you guys." And they said, "Three, two, one, blast off." And then the Lego robot squeezed the ketchup bottles and they went all the way up in the air as high as a tree. But this wasn't the kind of rocket ship that went all the way to outer space. It was the kind of rocket ship that went up, like as high as a house, and then it could just float there.

And so now Ezra and his brother Mayor had a way to float on top of houses whenever they wanted. And if they wanted to get to the top of the tree, all they had to do was use their silver and gold rocket ship. And Ezra and Mayor and their family lived happily ever after. The end.