Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Hazel. Hazel and her mom were invited, along with Hazel's dad, to a special miniature zoo. The miniature zoo was like a regular zoo with lions, elephants, and giraffes. But at the miniature zoo, all of the animals were much smaller. It looked like they were the kind of animals you would see if you looked through the wrong end of binoculars. That made things small because all of the animals in the miniature zoo were so tiny. And Hazel and her mom set out for their adventure. Hazel's dad was there with them, too. They were driving on the highway past the road near San Luis Obispo. And finally, Hazel saw something shiny on top of one of the grassy mountains.

Hazel was so curious about the miniature zoo, but they weren't there yet. She noticed something shiny on top of one of the grassy mountains. Hazel told her parents to stop the car, and they did. Hazel's parents took her out of the car seat, and Hazel showed them that on the mountain was the miniature zoo. The miniature zoo had a really big star with a light bulb in it on top of the zoo. That was the shiny thing they saw. Hazel held her parents' hands as they hiked up to the top of the mountain and got to the miniature zoo. When they got there, there was a regular-sized person who looked like a grown-up but had a kid's face. He was as tall as a grown-up but really had a kid's kind of face. The person said, "Welcome to the miniature zoo." Hazel thought the person talked kind of funny. Hazel's dad agreed and said maybe it was because he had a miniature voice, like someone at the miniature zoo who accidentally swallowed a miniature animal.

Hazel figured out that the reason the person looked like a grown-up but had a kid's face was because the animals were small too. He was in charge of the miniature zoo, so he was kind of like those animals. Then suddenly, a frog jumped out of the person's mouth, and that's why his voice was silly. The frog was the tiniest little frog you had ever seen. It was so small; it looked like a fly. The frog jumped onto Hazel's hand, and Hazel showed her dad and mom. They said it was the littlest frog they had ever seen. Hazel told the person they were ready to go into the zoo. The person with the kid's face but grown-up body opened the gate to the miniature zoo. Hazel had to crawl, and her parents had to squeeze and crawl to fit into the miniature zoo because there weren't regular-sized doors for regular people. It was meant for kids only. But Hazel's parents wanted to see the miniature animals too.

Inside, Hazel saw a bear. The bear was so cute and only as big as Hazel's little finger, her pinky. It wasn't scary at all because it was so small. The bear had a regular bear roar, just quieter, so it roared like "rabbud." The baby bears were only as big as a sprinkle. When the miniature bears had babies, they were about as big as a rainbow sprinkle, like the ones on ice cream. That's how big the bears were when they were born. Hazel loved the miniature bear and wanted to take it home. But Hazel's mom asked when she was coming out of the miniature zoo because she wanted to go in too. Hazel said she would come out in a minute; there was something else she needed to see. Hazel saw a little puddle in the miniature zoo, like a small splash of water from a cup.

Hazel looked closely at the puddle and saw it was full of tiny great white sharks and whales the size of a sugar cube. All of the fish that were usually so big in the ocean had little versions of them in the miniature zoo. After looking at the fish, Hazel told her mom she was ready. She walked out of the miniature zoo, passing a hedgehog on the way out. She told the zookeeper, the person who looked like a grown-up but had a kid's face, that they would come back another time. And Hazel and her family lived happily ever after. The end.