Once upon a time, a long time ago there was a big girl whose name was Hazel. Hazel and her mom were invited along with Hazel's dad to the special miniature zoo. The miniature zoo was like a regular zoo where there were lions and elephants and giraffes. But at the miniature zoo, all of the animals were made smaller. It looked like they were the kind of animals that you would see if you looked through the binoculars through the end. That made things small because all of the animals in the miniature zoo were so tiny. And Hazel and her mom set out for their adventure. And Hazel's dad was there with them, too. They were driving on the highway past the road near San Luis Obispo. And finally, Hazel saw that on top of one of the grassy mountains there was some shiny thing.

Hazel was so curious about the miniature zoo, but she wasn't there yet. So she saw the corner of her eye there was something shiny on top of one of the grassy mountains. And Hazel told her parents to stop the car. And Hazel's parents stopped the car. And Hazel said, okay, time for me to go out of the car seat. And Hazel's parents took her out of the car seat and Hazel showed them that on the mountain was the miniature zoo. The miniature zoo had a really big star with a light bulb in it that was on top of the zoo. And that was the shiny thing they saw. Hazel held her parents' hands as they hiked up to the top of the mountain and got to the miniature zoo. When they got to the miniature zoo, there was a regular-sized person who looked like a grown-up but he had kind of the face of a kid. He was as tall as a grown-up but really he had a kid's kind of face. And that person said, welcome to the miniature zoo. And Hazel said, that person talks kind of funny. And Hazel's dad said yeah, he does. Maybe it's because he has a miniature voice. So he has, like, somebody at the miniature zoo. Maybe if they swallowed an animal or something. A miniature animal? By accident.

Yes. And Hazel figured out that the reason that the person who looks like a grown-up body but had a kid face looked like a kid was because the animals were small also. And he was in charge of the miniature zoo so he was kind of like those animals. And then suddenly as Hazel realized that a frog jumped out of the kid who looked like a grownup's mouth and that is why his voice was silly because secretly there was a frog in his mouth and the frog was the itsiest bitsiest, teensiest winesiest little frog you had ever seen. The frog was so small, it looked like a fly. And the frog jumped all the way out of the person who was big but had a kid's face mouth all the way out of that right onto Hazel's hand. And Hazel showed her dad and mom. And they said, that is the littlest frog we ever saw. Hazel told the person that they were ready to go in the zoo. And so the person who had the face of a kid but was tall like a grownup opened the gate to the miniature zoo. And Hazel had to crawl. And Hazel's parents had to squeeze their tightest and also crawl to fit into the miniature zoo because there weren't regular-sized doors for regular people. It was meant for kids only. But Hazel's parents were like well, we want to see the miniature animals. We want to see the miniature animals. Because sometimes if kids tell grown-ups that there's a miniature zoo where all the animals are small they might not believe you right away because they can't fit in it. So they can't see it themselves but kids can fit into the miniature zoo. And Hazel's parents tried to go there too.

When they got inside, Hazel saw a bear. The bear was so cute. It was such a little bear. It was only as big as Hazel's little finger, her pinky. It was the smallest bear and it wasn't even at all scary because it was so small. But what the bear could do is it had a regular bear roar, just quieter, so the bear roared like rabbud. The baby bears were like only as big as a sprinkle. Yeah, when those kind of like miniature bears had babies, their babies are about as big as a rainbow sprinkle. Just one piece, like the sprinkle that might be on ice cream. That's how big those bears are when they're born. Because even when they're grown-up bears, they only get to be the size of a pinky. And Hazel really loved the miniature bear and Hazel wanted to take them home. But Hazel's mom said, Hazel, when are you coming out of the miniature zoo? Because I want to go in there too. And Hazel said, I'm going to come out in 1 minute, there's something else I need to see. And Hazel saw that there was a little puddle in the miniature zoo and it looked like kind of if you just spilled like a little bit of water from a cup, not a big puddle, but like a little puddle on the ground that if you stepped in it, it might make a little splash.

And Hazel decided to look very closely at the puddle. And when she looked so closely at the puddle, she saw that it was full of big great white sharks that were so teeny and tiny and it had whales that were also only about the size of a sugar cube. And all of the fish that are usually so big in the ocean, it had little versions of them in the miniature zoo. And so after she had looked at the fish, Hazel told her mom that she was ready. And she walked out of the miniature zoo, passing a hedgehog by on the way out. And she told the zookeeper, who is the person who looked like a grown-up but had a kid's face, that they would come back a different time. And Hazel and her family lived happily ever after. The end.