Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Murphy. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Hi, everybody. My name is hayward, and we live in sansa, california. My birthday is on March 28, and I making a birthday about hedgehog, this and bail. Thank you. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a girl named Hazel who lives in San Luis Obispo, California, and who turned five years old a month ago on March 28. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Hazel. Happy birthday, Hazel. Hazel and Hazel. Buddy, why do you always say this is at the end of the names? What? Why do you say this is at the end of the name sometimes? Because it always endorse. S well, Hazel asked for us to make up a story that includes a hedgehog, which is a type of little animal that can curl up in a ball and can also have spiky things come out so that nothing will want to eat it up. And a fish and also a bear. Once upon a time, a long time ago there was a big girl whose name was Hazel. Hazel and her mom were invited along with Hazel's dad to the special miniature zoo. The miniature zoo was like a regular zoo where there were lions and elephants and giraffes. But at the miniature zoo, all of the animals were made smaller. It looked like they were the kind of animals that you would see if you looked through the binoculars through the end. That made things small because all of the animals in the miniature zoo were so tiny. And Hazel and her mom set out for their adventure. And Hazel's dad was there with them, too. They were driving in the highway past the road near San Luis Obispo. And finally Hazel saw that on top of one of the grassy mountains there was some shiny thing. Do you have a question, bud? Were the pillows like the lines in the miniature zoo? As big as babies? And Hazel was so curious about the miniature zoo, but she wasn't there yet. So she saw the corner of her eye there was something shiny on top of one of the grassy mountains. And Hazel told her parents to stop the car. And Hazel's parents stopped the car. And Hazel said, okay, time for me to go out of the car seat. And Hazel's parents took her out of the car seat and Hazel showed them that on the mountain was the miniature zoo. The miniature zoo had a really big star with a light bulb in it that was on top of the zoo. And that was the shiny thing they saw. Hazel held her parents hand hands as they hiked up to the top of the mountain and got to the miniature zoo. When they got to the miniature zoo, there was a regular sized person who looked like a grown up but he had kind of the face of a kid. He was as tall as a grown up but really he had a kid's kind of face. And that person said, welcome to the miniature zoo. And Hazel said, that person talks kind of funny. And Hazel's dad said yeah, he does. Maybe it's because he has a miniature voice. So he has, like, somebody at the miniature zoo. Maybe if they swallowed an animal or something. A miniature animal? By accident. Yeah, bud. Maybe because the reason his head looks like a kid is because the animals are small. So he looks small. Yes. And Hazel figured out that the reason that the person who looks like a grown up body but had a kid face looked like a kid was because the animals were small also. And he was in charge of the miniature zoo so he was kind of like those animals. And then suddenly as Hazel realized that a frog jumped out of the kid who looked like a grownup's mouth and that is why his voice was silly because secretly there was a frog in his mouth and the frog was the itsiest bitsiest, teensiest winesiest little frog you had ever seen. The frog was so small, it looked like a fly. And the frog jumped all the way out of the person who was big but had a kid's face mouth all the way out of that right onto Hazel's hand. And Hazel showed her dad and mom. And they said, that is the littlest frog we ever saw. Hazel told the person that they were ready to go in the zoo. And so the person who had the face of a kid but was tall like a grownup opened the gate to the miniature zoo. And Hazel had to crawl. And Hazel's parents had to squeeze their tightest and also crawl to fit into the miniature zoo because there weren't regular sized doors for regular people. It was meant for kids only. But Hazel's parents were like well, we want to see the miniature animals. We want to see the miniature animals. Because sometimes if kids tell grown ups that there's a miniature zoo where all the animals are small they might not believe you right away because they can't fit in it. So they can't see it themselves but kids can fit into the miniature zoo. And Hazel's parents tried to go there too. When they got inside, Hazel saw a bear. The bear was so cute. Yeah, bud. Kids were like, hey, you grown up. Can't come in here. A lot of grownups really wanted to go to the miniature zoo because it was so much fun. And also there was, like, miniature cotton candy at the miniature zoo. And there was, like, miniature hot dogs and chicken nuggets and there was a lot of yummy things at the miniature zoo. And all the parents wanted to try it as well. But the rule that the kids had was the parents could only watch from the outside unless they tried their hardest to squeeze in a little bit. And then the kids also didn't want the parents to get stuck. So sometimes the kids said, I think it's a better idea if the parents watch from outside. And then the kids well, what Hazel saw as she was looking through the miniature zoo was a bear. And the bear was really, really cute. It was such a little bear. It was only as big as Hazel's little finger, her pinky. It was the smallest bear and it wasn't even at all scary because it was so small. But what the bear could do is it had a regular bear roar, just quieter, so the bear roared like rabbud. The baby bears were like only as big as a sprinkle. Yeah, when those kind of like miniature bears had babies, their babies are about as big as a rainbow sprinkle. Just one piece, like the sprinkle that might be on ice cream. That's how big those bears are when they're born. Because even when they're grown up bears, they only get to be the size of a pinky. And Hazel really loved the miniature bear and Hazel wanted to take them home. But Hazel's mom said, hazel, when are you coming out of the miniature zoo? Because I want to go in there too. And Hazel said, I'm going to come out in 1 minute, there's something else I need to see. And Hazel saw that there was a little puddle in the miniature zoo and it looked like kind of if you just spilled like a little bit of water from a cup, not a big puddle, but like a little puddle on the ground that if you stepped in it, it might make a little splash. Yeah, bud, like a puddle about as big as my foot. Yeah, like a puddle that's like as big as part of your foot. Like you wouldn't even need a boot to step in it. You could probably even step in it with a regular shoe and you wouldn't have to worry about your sock getting wet. And Hazel decided to look very closely at the puddle. And when she looked so closely at the puddle, she saw that it was full of big great white sharks that were so teeny and tiny and it had whales that were also only about the size of a sugar cube. And all of the fish that are usually so big in the ocean, it had little versions of them in the miniature zoo. And so after she had looked at the fish, hazel told her mom that she was ready. And she walked out of the miniature zoo, passing a hedgehog by on the way out. And she told the zookeeper, who is the person who looked like a grown up but had a kid's face, that they would come back a different time. And Hazel and her family lived happy. You have a question, bud? How do zookeeper get in and the zookeeper? That's a really good question. The zookeeper because he was the one that knew the trick for how to get in. He had a special way. The zookeeper had a kind of invention. It looked like a chair. But the chair was made out of magnifying glasses. And the zookeeper would sometimes have to sit down in the magnifying glass chair. And then it made his whole body small so he could fit in again like a regular kid. And then when he needed to collect tickets from parents, he would go off of the magnifying glass chair and then it would make his body regular sized. So Hazel and her family lived happily ever after. Vector the end.