Once upon a time, a long time ago, it was snowing outside, and it was nighttime. There was a four and a half-year-old girl named Beatrix. Beatrix was standing on her bed, looking out the window, and she saw snow falling from the moon. The snow wasn't coming from clouds because you could see the moon in the sky. Beatrix realized that the moon is white because it's made of snow. Sometimes when it snows, it looks like it's coming from clouds, but really, it's coming from the moon.

Just as Beatrix realized this, she saw a princess knocking on her window. Knock, knock, knock. Beatrix told her that she and her parents would open the front door. Beatrix and her parents opened the front door for the princess, and it turned out to be Princess Elsa from Frozen. Princess Elsa said she was outside because it was such a cold day, and she needed to bring things back to her kingdom. Beatrix asked what she could give Princess Elsa to bring back to her kingdom. Princess Elsa said they needed food coloring for experiments in Frozen, where they change the color of the ice by putting food coloring in it. They wanted to see if ice could be orange, red, or blue.

Beatrix said her mom had food coloring in the kitchen. Princess Elsa and Beatrix went to the kitchen, and their mom helped them get the food coloring. Then Princess Elsa asked Beatrix if she wanted to go to Frozen. Beatrix asked her mom for permission, and her mom said yes. So Beatrix went with Princess Elsa on a magical sled all the way back to the kingdom of Frozen. Sometimes the sled went on snow, and sometimes it whooshed through the air all the way to the kingdom of Frozen.

When Beatrix and Princess Elsa got to Frozen, they saw Princess Elsa's sister, Princess Anna, was also there. Princess Anna was riding a unicorn with a horn made of ice. Beatrix told Princess Elsa and Princess Anna that it was the first unicorn she saw with an ice horn. Princess Anna asked Beatrix, "Did you bring the food coloring?" Beatrix said she did and showed the food coloring from her mom's kitchen. Princess Elsa and Princess Anna started to clap and said Beatrix saved the day.

Just then, they heard another princess who looked a little lost. She wore a princess crown and a Princess Jess. She came up to Princess Elsa, Anna, and Beatrix, and said, "Guys, my castle vanished. It disappeared, and now I can't see my castle." They wanted to help find her castle, but the princess said they would need a magnifying glass because her castle became tiny. Princess Elsa, Anna, Beatrix, and the unicorn said, "Maybe we could build you a different castle." The other princess said, "Yeah, that would be a fun idea."

Beatrix told Princess Elsa and Anna her idea: get all the animals in the forest to help build the castle. They should sing a magic song to make the animals cooperate and work together. Beatrix, Elsa, and Anna sang the song, "Wagabah, Wagaba, Wagaba, papa WAGA, wagah, papa." As they sang, all the animals in the forest started marching and holding hands. They went in circles around Beatrix, Elsa, and Anna, saying, "We're going to help you make a castle." The animals made bricks, stones, and found wood for doors. In no time, they built a new castle for the other princess.

Beatrix, Elsa, and Anna told the other princess they had a new castle ready for her. The other princess asked, "Can I see it?" They took her to the new castle, and she saw balloons on top and a big crown. The castle looked very special. The other princess thanked Beatrix, Elsa, Anna, and all the animals in the forest for making the castle. The animals said, "Hip, hip, parade," and they were all so happy.

It was getting late, so Elsa, Anna, and the unicorn asked Beatrix if she wanted to go back to her house in Washington to sleep. Beatrix said yes. They took her back to her house, and her mom asked, "Where were you, Beatrix?" Beatrix said she went to the kingdom of Frozen and had an adventure where they built a castle for another princess. Beatrix and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to the story because they might like it.