Once upon a time, a long time ago, it was snowing outside, and it was nighttime. But there was a four and a half-year-old girl whose name was Beatrix. And Beatrix was standing up on her bed, and she was looking out the window outside, and she saw some snow that was falling all the way from the moon. The snow wasn't coming from clouds because you could see the moon in the sky. And Beatrix realized that the reason the moon is white is because it's made of snow. And sometimes when it snows, it looks like it's coming from clouds, but really, it's coming from the moon.

Just as Beatrix realized this, she saw that there was a princess knocking on the other side of her window. And the princess on the other side of her window said, knock, knock, knock. And Beatrix told her that she and her parents would open the front door. And Beatrix and her parents opened up the front door for the princess, and it turned out to be Princess Elsa from Frozen. Princess Elsa from Frozen said that she was outside because it was such a cold day and she needed to bring things back to her kingdom. And Beatrix asked what Beatrix could give her for Princess Elsa to bring back to her kingdom. And Princess Elsa said that they need some food coloring because they have certain experiments that they want to do in Frozen, where they change the color of the ice by putting a lot of food coloring it in it. And in Frozen, they want to see if ice could be orange ice or red ice or blue ice.

And Beatrice said that her mom had some food coloring in the kitchen, and Princess Elsa and Beatrix went in the kitchen, and their mom helped them get some food coloring. And then Princess Elsa asked Beatrix if she wanted to go to Frozen, and Beatrix asked her mom for permission, and Beatrix's mom said yes. So Beatrix went with Princess Elsa on a magical sled all the way back to the kingdom of Frozen. And when they went on the magical sled, sometimes the sled went just all the way by itself on snow, and sometimes the sled picked up in the air and was able to whoosh through the air all the way to the kingdom of Frozen.

When Beatrix and Princess Elsa got to Frozen, they saw that Princess Elsa's sister, Princess Anna, was also there. And Princess Anna was riding a unicorn that had a horn, which was made of ice. And Beatrix told Princess Elsa and Princess Anna that that was the first unicorn she saw that had a horn that was made of ice. And Princess Anna said to Beatrix, "Did you bring the food coloring?" And Beatrix said that she did, and she showed that in her pockets, she had the food coloring from her mom's kitchen. And Princess Elsa and Princess Anna started to clap. And they said that Beatrix saved the day.

And just as they said that, they heard another princess, and the other princess was wandering about, and she looked a little bit lost. The other princess was wearing a princess crown and a Princess Jess. And she came up to Princess Elsa and Anna and Beatrix, and she said, "Guys, my castle vanished. It went away. It disappeared, and now I can't see my castle." And Princess Elsa and Princess Anna and Beatrix told the other princess that they wanted to help find the princess's castle, but the princess said they would need a magnifying glass because her other castle became so small, and it would not be so easy to find unless you were an ant. And Princess Elsa and Princess Anna and Beatrix and the unicorn said, "Well, maybe we could build you a different castle." And the other princess said, "Yeah, that would be a fun idea."

And then Beatrix told Princess Elsa and Princess Anna her idea. Beatrix's idea was to get all of the animals in the forest to help build the castle. And so Beatrix told Princess Elsa and Princess Anna that they should start singing a magic song, and it would make all of the animals start cooperating and working together to build the other princess a castle. And so Beatrix started to sing the song with Princess Elsa and Princess Anna. "Wagabah, Wagaba, Wagaba, papa WAGA, wagah, papa." And just as they said those magical words, do you know what happened, bud? What? All of the animals in all of the forest started marching and holding hands, and they started going in circles around Princess Elsa, Princess Anna, and Beatrix and the unicorn. And they all went in big circles, like big rings around Beatrix, Elsa, and Anna. And they said, "We're going to help you make a castle." And all of the other animals started making bricks and stones and finding other things, like wood to put indoors. And in no time at all, they built a new castle for the other princess.

And then Beatrix and Princess Elsa and Anna told the other princess that they had a new castle ready for her. And the other princess said, "Can I see it?" And Beatrix and Princess Elsa and Princess Anna took the other princess to the new castle. And the other princess opened up her eyes, and she looked at the new castle, and she saw that there were balloons on the top. And she also saw that the whole castle had a big crown, and the castle looked very special. And so the other princess said, "Thank you so much to Beatrix and to Princess Elsa and to Princess Anna and to all of the animals in the whole forest that helped make the castle." And all of the animals said, "Hip, hip, parade." And they were all so happy.

Well, it was getting late. And so Princess Elsa and Princess Anna and the unicorn asked Beatrix if she wanted to go back to her house in the state of Washington so that she could go back to sleep. And Beatrix said yes. So they all took her back to her house, and her mama said, "Where were you, Beatrix?" And Beatrix said she went off to the kingdom of Frozen and that she had an adventure where she found a different princess, and all of the animals helped build a castle for the other princess. And Beatrix and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to the story because they might like it.