Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a boy whose name was Boyd. And Boyd lived in a wonderful forest where there were so many different kinds of birds. There were peacocks that used to walk around and have colorful, big feathers with lots of different eyes. And sometimes, next to Boyd's cottage in the forest, you would also see parrots. And the parrots that lived in this forest were really big. They were parrots that were the size of lions. And the parrots used to walk around the forest, and sometimes they would fly on top of it. And they were so colorful, and they used to love to sing parrot songs.

One day, Boyd decided that he wanted to teach the parrots how to speak English, because sometimes some parrots can copy what people say. And so Boyd went off with his mother one day, and they walked through the forest, and on their way, they saw some bluebirds, and they also saw some robins. They saw some birds that had yellow dots and blue feathers. And finally, they got to the king of all of the birds in the forest, the mighty parrot.

The parrot was even bigger than Boyd had expected. It was about the size of a car. Not a big car, but a little car. And the parrot was so colorful, and it looked so fluffy, like it was made of feathers. And the parrot was so nice. When it saw Boyd coming, the parrot told the different parrot to get a present. And the different parrot went away through the forest, and it brought Boyd back a red feather.

Boyd looked at the red feather that the big mighty parrot gave him, and he saw that the red feather looked a little bit different from other red feathers, because it looked like this red feather had something in between the little bristles on the feather, and it looked like they were tied together by a kind of magic string. The magic string looked a little bit like spider web, but it was even teensier, and it was made of something that glowed in the dark. And if you looked at it closely, it looked like it was a bunch of bubbles that were sticking together.

And Boyd and his parents picked up the magic feather, and Boyd told the parrot, "Thank you so much." And the parrot didn't know what to say because the parrot didn't speak English. And then Boyd remembered that he wanted to teach all of the parrots to talk English so that they could sound like a regular person. And Boyd had an idea. He held up the feather, the magic red feather with the glow in the dark spider web kind of thing that held it together, and he looked at the feather, and he looked at the parrot, and Boyd pointed at the feather, and he said, "Feather." And the parrot looked at Boyd and said, "Feather."

So Boyd taught the parrot its first word. It was feather. And then Boyd looked at the feather again, and he said, "Magic feather." And the big parrot, the mighty parrot, repeated after Boyd and said, "Magic feather." And just like that, Boyd taught the parrot how to speak the whole language of English. And pretty soon, the big, mighty, colorful parrot was able to talk English.

Every day after school, Boyd used to go for a walk through the forest, and he would find the big, mighty parrot, and Boyd and the parrot would have long conversations, and they would sing songs together. And the parrot was really good when they were singing together, because birds are good at making tweet songs. And so the bird was able to speak, and now the parrot was also able to sing.

And Boyd and the parrot decided to go on a tour through the whole city next to the forest so they could put on a concert for all of the grownups and all of the kids. And so everyone could see that there was a real animal that could talk English and that it was Boyd's magic mighty parrot.

Well, Boyd told the parrot his idea, and the parrot was so excited, he said if we go to the town and we go to like a circus or a fair and we show everyone that we could do a concert together and we sing together, and Boyd sings a regular song and I sing it like a parrot and is real English. Then there's also going to be lots of, like, cotton candy at the fairs and the circuses and we could get other kinds of treats and everyone will clap and say Yay.

And so the mighty parrot decided he would go with Boyd to the town. The next day, Boyd went with his parents and the big, mighty parrot all the way to town. And on the way, they saw Boyd's pet puppy, and they went to town. And there was a stadium that people had set up to watch the special concert. And Boyd went on the stadium and started singing with the parrot, and everyone gave him flowers, and everyone said that it was the best concert they had ever heard before.

And Boyd was singing, and the parrot was singing, and the whole crowd started to dance with them. And people in the crowd were dancing in circles, and everyone was throwing flowers in the air. And it was such a happy day, and it was a lucky day because it also happened to be Boyd's birthday in the forest. And Boyd had a wonderful birthday singing and dancing with the parrot as the crowd in the city cheered. And he lived with his family happily ever after. The end.