Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Ashna. Ashna had a magic power. The power that she had was whenever she colored something, it always stayed in the lines. She was able to make the most beautiful, beautiful drawings of any five-year-old in the whole world. Sometimes Ashna's mom would put her drawings on the wall, and the drawings were of unicorns. There was a time when Ashna drew the yummiest cupcake that had whipped cream on top. It was so good, Ashna's drawing, that some kids who came to visit Ashna's house went to the wall to try to touch the drawing, and they thought it was a real cupcake. That's how good Ashna's drawings were. But then they would feel that it's really just a piece of paper with a drawing on it.

Ashna became the best artist in the whole world. Anytime she drew something like a rainbow, it would start to shine just like a real rainbow. Ashna's mom and Ashna's dad used to hang up a lot of Ashna's paintings, her drawings, her colorings, and even her scribbles on the walls of their house. There were visitors that would come to see Ashna's paintings, and some of them would pay Ashna money, which Ashna would put in her piggy bank or in her treasure box. Ashna would sell some of her paintings. There were even kings that flew in from the other side of the world, and queens as well, that would buy the special paintings and visit Ashna's house. Ashna's house got so big, it became kind of a museum. Ashna and her family had the important job of putting up all of Ashna's paintings all around the walls of the house.

One day, there was an old lady who came into the museum house that Ashna lived in, and the old lady had a really tall hat, and it looked like there were leaves that were all over the hat and that the leaves would kind of blow in the wind when the old lady was walking. The old lady also had a lot of bracelets on, and she had so many necklaces on that it looked so heavy. The old lady came to Ashna's museum house, and she looked at Ashna's mom, and she said, "I heard about this special museum with the best drawings, scribbles, colorings, and paintings in the whole world, and I came here to meet the artist, Ashna, because I can't believe it's just a five-year-old girl." Ashna's mom said, "Ashna, can you come downstairs?" Ashna went downstairs, and she saw the old lady with a really tall hat that had leaves on them, and the leaves would blow in the wind. Ashna said, "What do you want?" The old lady told Ashna that she wanted to buy one of Ashna's drawings. Ashna said, "Which one?" The old lady said that she really wanted to buy the painting that had a polar bear, a rainbow, and a castle. Ashna said, "That will be $2 because that's how much it costs." The old lady with the silly hat gave Asha and her mom $2. The old lady said, "In addition to the $2, I'm also going to give you a special kind of seed that you could plant in your wall. Most seeds you have to plant outside in the ground. You have to dig up some dirt and put it down there, and then you have to water it. But the old lady with the silly hat that had some leaves on it said to Ashna that the kind of seed she was giving her, you could just put Scotch tape on top of it and put it in the wall of your house, and then a plant would grow." Ashna said, "Okay." The old lady went with the painting that she got, which had the rainbow, the princess castle, and the polar bear, and Ashna said goodbye.

Ashna then told her mom that she wanted to put the seed on the wall and that she needed some Scotch tape. Ashna's mom remembered where the Scotch tape was, and Ashna and her mom put the seed with the Scotch tape on the wall. Ashna went to sleep that night. When she went to sleep, she was thinking about all of her drawings and the silly lady that came from a strange land the other day, and how did the leaves in her hat blow, even when there was no wind? Ashna woke up and realized it was not time for her to wake up yet. But her mom probably didn't want her to get up yet. Ashna laid down in her bed for a little bit and thought of things to play. She used her imagination. Finally, Ashna decided she was going to get up. Ashna walked out of her bedroom that morning, and she looked on the wall, and none of her paintings, drawings, colorings, and scribbles were there. None of Ashna's things were there. But all over the wall, you could see kind of green roots that were growing across the wall, and leaves were coming out, and the leaves kind of had hands in them. If you looked up, you could see that all of Ashna's drawings were on the ceiling. Ashna could tell that the plant that grew in the wall grew overnight. Overnight it started to move around all of Ashna's drawings, and they put them on the ceiling.

Ashna's mom was still asleep, and Ashna knew that her mom would never believe that. So Ashna decided to wake her mom up. Ashna said, "Mom, you have to wake up. Something happened downstairs." Ashna's mom said, "What?" Ashna said, "Really? Come. It's so important." Ashna's mom got up, and she went with Ashna. She looked downstairs, and she really saw that all over the wall there were green roots and some leaves growing out that had hands on them and could move around. Ashna's mom saw that all of Ashna's drawings were missing. She looked up and saw they were all on the ceiling. Ashna's mom said, "How could this have happened?" Ashna said, "Remember the seed that we got from the old lady? The one with the hat that was so silly and had leaves that blew in the wind even when there was no wind?" Ashna's mom said, "Yeah, maybe that's how it got there. Maybe the seed grew into this special kind of wall plant." Ashna said she thought that's what happened. Ashna asked her mom, "What should we do now?" Ashna's mom had an idea. Their idea was to find the main part of the plant where they put the Scotch tape, where they originally put the seed, and that part of the wall, because that's where the main roots were. Ashna and her mom decided to get some milk from the fridge, and they started pouring the milk all over the roots of the plant, and the plant got so, so big, and it started going out of the house. Ashna realized she could control the plant since it was a magical one from the seed that the old lady had given her. Ashna said, "Plant, stop growing." The plant still had some of its leaves out of the chimneys and some going out of the open windows, but the plant stopped growing. Ashna said, "Plant, night. Nighttime." The plant went all the way back in the house and went all the way back in the wall and went all the way back to where it was a seed, and you could hardly see it.

From then on, Ashna had a secret plant in her wall that could move around pictures whenever she wanted. Ashna didn't tell any of her friends about it until one day she did. Her friends thought it was so cool. Ashna and her family lived happily ever after. The end.