Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from two listeners named Jeremiah and Joshua. Jeremiah and Joshua live in Oregon, which is a state in the United States of America. And Jeremiah's birthday was yesterday, and he just turned four. So happy birthday, Jeremiah. Jeremiah and Joshua asked for us to make up a story that includes a magic starfish, a seahorse, and the ocean. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two brothers named Jeremiah and Joshua. Jeremiah and Joshua had a secret tunnel that led from their house to a beach. The tunnel started in their basement behind a closet. So they would go down to the basement, and they would bring a flashlight, and they would open up the closet door, and then they would point the flashlight, and the tunnel had a slide in it. And Jeremiah and Joshua would go on the slide in the tunnel out of their house to a special part of the Oregon coast named Point Perpetua. Point Perpetua was a magical place outside of their house. It was right by the ocean, and there were some really big waves, but there were also tide pools, which are little bits of water that are stuck on the rocks. And sometimes Jeremiah and Joshua would find seashells. One day, they got out of the slide that led to Point Perpetua, the rocky beach near their house, and they walked outside, and they saw a yellow pool of water. The water was so yellow, and Jeremiah asked his mom if he could go in it, and Josh also wanted to go in it. And Josh copied what Jeremiah said, and Jeremiah and Joshua's mom said that they could only put their hands in it. So Jeremiah put his hand in it, and he found a seahorse. A seahorse is a silly looking sea animal, and usually you don't find it in Point Perpetua. But this seahorse was able to get out of the water, and it was also able to walk around the land just like a regular horse. But seahorses are not as big as regular horses. Seahorses are usually only as big as a few fingers. Well, this seahorse saw Jeremiah, and it climbed right up into his hand, and Jeremiah picked it up. And Joshua looked at the seahorse and asked Jeremiah if it was a dragon. And Jeremiah laughed, because it really was not a dragon. It was a seahorse. And the seahorse climbed up Jeremiah's arm and walked all the way on top of his head, and it felt a little bit like squishy and slimy. And Jeremiah asked his mom if it looked silly to have a seahorse on top of his head. And his mama said yes. Well, then the seahorse bent down and whispered a secret in Jeremiah's ear. The secret it whispered was that if you look under the rock right by the big spout of water where the water blasts up, then you will find a starfish. And the starfish will look like a star. It'll be in the shape of a twinkle, twinkle star, but it will have colors on it, and it will be sticking to a rock. And this starfish has some magic powers that it will tell you. And Jeremiah asked his mom if he could go listen to the seahorse that was whispering that secret in his ear. And Jeremiah's mama said that he could. So Jeremiah and Joshua walked until they got to the rock where the magic starfish was. And the magic starfish saw that they were coming, and it climbed up the rock using all of its starfish legs. And starfish have, I think, about six different leg type of things that they could use to crawl around, but usually they stick in one place. And the magic starfish climbed up and it saw the seahorse that was on Jeremiah's head, and the magic starfish jumped right onto Joshua's head. And it was the first time in Jeremiah's whole life that he saw a seahorse on someone's head and a starfish jump on Josh's head, because starfish usually can't jump. Well, the starfish went right on Josh's head, and Josh said, a starfish a starfish. And Jeremiah and Josh were so silly because Jeremiah had a seahorse on his head and Josh had the starfish on his head. So they decided to do the silly seahorse starfish dance. And they were walking around the rocks where the big ocean waves were, and they decided to do, for the first time ever, the magic starfish seahorse dance. The way it worked is that the seahorse hopped off of Jeremiah's head and it went right in front of him and floated in the air, which it was able to do since it was magic. And the starfish jumped off of Joshua's head and it also floated in the air because it was also magic. And then the starfish would spin around and the seahorse would do somersaults in the air while it was flying. And then it was Jeremiah and Joshua's turn to do their silly dance. So they stuck their arms out and stomped their leg and wiggle waggled, and they had so much fun turning around and doing silly dances. And as they were doing the dances, all the other kids who were coming to Point Perpetua, which is where the tunnel led to, were seeing that Jeremiah and Joshua were doing the best silly dances. So a bunch of different kids came over and they started to do the silly starfish and silly seahorse dance. And all of the kids started to dance, and they all had a big dance party. Soon as they were having a dance party, some sea lions came to join and the sea lions came out of the water. And sea lions are like big sea creatures that could also go on land a little bit. And they came off the rocks and did some sea lion dances, and they turned over and went UPy and downy and back and forth and sideways. And it was Jeremiah and Joshua's biggest dance party. Soon helicopters started to come, and the helicopters were taking pictures of them. And then boats started to come by, and there was a big and bigger and bigger crowd as all of the people in the world wanted to watch the special dance that Jeremiah and Joshua did with a starfish and seahorse at Point Perpetua. And then everyone in the world started telling their friends. And every day from that day forward, they decided to have a silly dance contest at Point Perpetua. And Jeremiah and Joshua lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.