Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big kid named Lake. Lake lived at the top of a building in a big city. The building that Lake lived in was the tallest building in the whole world. Instead of having elevators, the building had slides. To get from Lake's apartment, which was on the roof and had a swimming pool, all the way to the bottom of the building, you had to go on a slide that went round and round the building. When you reached the bottom, it went slower so that you didn't fall down too fast.

One day, Lake and his friends were playing by the pool on top of Lake's house. They had floaty toys and balls. Lake's friend, Nancy, threw a ball to Lake, but she threw it a little bit too far. The ball, which was a basketball, went all the way over the building and bounced down to the ground far below on the street. Nancy and Lake decided that they needed to go get the ball. They looked over the building and saw that the ball was bouncing so high because the farther a ball falls, the higher it bounces. And this ball fell from the top of a very big building.

Nancy and Lake decided to go down the slide. Lake's dogs, Jury and Waffles, saw that they were about to go down the slide and decided to join them. Lake was in front, followed by Nancy, Jury, and Waffles. Lake counted down, "Three, two, one, go!" and they started to go down the slide, which went around the building until they reached the bottom.

When they got to the bottom of the building, they saw the ball was still bouncing too high for a kid to catch it. There were no cars that day because the city was closed to cars. It was okay for kids to walk in the street because only people were allowed to go in the street, no cars. Lake, Nancy, Jury, and Waffles walked along the street, following the bouncing basketball when suddenly, a dragon appeared from between two buildings.

The dragon was big and green, with two silly sideways eyes. Instead of shooting out fire, this dragon breathed out green slime. The dragon came right up to Lake, Nancy, Jury, and Waffles. Jury and Waffles started to bark at the dragon. The dragon was scared of the barking dogs because he was a nice dragon, so he turned away. Just as the dragon turned away, the basketball bounced on the dragon's head and rolled down the dragon's back until it fell off the dragon's tail.

Lake caught the basketball from the dragon's tail, and the dragon turned around. He said he wanted to be friends and play with the basketball. Lake and Nancy decided to let the dragon be their friend because he seemed really nice. This dragon had a special necklace made out of cereal and a red and blue cape. He also wore special dragon shoes with space for his three toes.

Lake asked the dragon what his name was, and the dragon said, "My name is Danny." Lake and Nancy said hi to Danny. Danny the dragon told Lake that he was scared of Jury and Waffles. Usually, dragons aren't scared of dogs, but this friendly dragon was afraid of them. Lake and Nancy told the dogs to be nice, and they stopped barking. Then Danny the dragon said he wanted to play with them.

Lake suggested they could go back to the top of the building and have fun in the pool. Danny the dragon asked how they got up to the top of the building. Lake told him that there was no elevator, so they had to walk up many stairs. Danny the dragon didn't like walking up so many stairs because of his silly shoes with three toe spots. He asked if there was a different way to get up, but Nancy said there wasn't.

Then Danny the dragon had an idea. He told Lake, Nancy, Jury, and Waffles that they could ride on his back, and he would fly them up to the top of the building. So that's what they did.

When they got to the top of the building, Lake said they could start playing in the pool again but should be careful not to let the basketball go over the roof again. Danny the dragon agreed to be careful.

Danny the dragon saw the slide and asked Lake if they could use it to get to the bottom of the building and then have another fun flying dragon ride to get back up. Lake agreed, but when Danny the Dragon tried to use the slide, he was too big to fit, and the slide was too sticky for him. So, he had an idea. Danny the dragon squirted some slime out of his mouth, making the slide slippery. He scrunched up into a little dragon shape and went down the slide all the way to the bottom, enjoying the fun ride.

When he got to the bottom, Jury and Waffles went down the slide together, laughing and not even barking. When they reached the bottom, they howled like wolves, which Lake thought meant they were very happy.

After that, Lake and Nancy went down the slide together. When they got to the bottom, Danny the dragon suggested they fly back up to the top of the building and do it again for fun. Lake agreed, and for the rest of the day, Lake, Nancy, Danny the dragon, Jury, and Waffles had fun going on dragon rides and sliding down the slime slide over and over. They all lived happily ever after.

Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they'll like it too.