Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime rumpus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from an eight year old listener named Lake. And Lake asked for us to make up a story about a big, giant pot of slime, a nice dragon, and two two doggies named Jury and Waffles. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big kid whose name was Lake. Lake lived in the top of a building in a big city. The building that Lake lived in was the tallest building in the whole world. And instead of having elevators, the building had slides. And the way you got from Lake's apartment, which was on the roof of the building and had a swimming pool all the way to the bottom of the building was by going on a slide that went round and round the building. And when you got to the bottom, it went slower so that you didn't fall down too fast. Well, one day, Lake and his friends were playing by the pool on top of Lake's house, and they had floaty equipment and they had balls. And one of Lake's friends, whose name was Nancy, got the ball and threw it to Lake, but she threw it a little bit too far, and the ball, which was a basketball, went all the way over the building and bounced down to the ground far below on the street. Nancy and Lake decided that they needed to go get the ball. So they looked over the building, and they saw that the ball was bouncing so high because the farther a ball falls, the higher the ball bounces. And this ball fell from the top of a very big building. So Nancy and Lake decided to go down the slide. And Lake's doggies, whose names were Jury and Waffles, saw that they were about to go down the slide, and they decided to make a ChuChu on the slide. Lake was in front, and then Nancy and then Jury the doggie, and then Waffles the doggie. And Lake said three, two, one, go. And he started to go down the slide, which went around the building until he got to the bottom. When he got to the bottom of the building, he saw the ball was bouncing, and it was still bouncing too high for a kid to catch it. And there were no cars that day because that day the city was closed to cars. And so it was okay for kids to walk in the street because only people were allowed to go in the street. No cars. And so Lake and Nancy and their doggies, Jury and Waffles, were walking about the street, following where the basketball was bouncing, when suddenly, from between two buildings, a dragon came. The dragon was big and it was green, and it had two silly eyes which were sideways. And the dragon also had a big dragon tongue. And instead of shooting out fire, this dragon, when it breathed out, it breathed out green slime. And the dragon came right up to where Lake and Nancy and Jury and Waffles were. And the doggies, Jury and Waffles started to bark at the dragon. The dragon was scared of the doggies barking because he was a nice dragon. So he turned away. And just as the dragon turned away, the basketball bounced on the dragon's head, and it started rolling down the dragon's back until the basketball went off the dragon's tail. And Lake got the ball, the basketball from the dragon's tail, and the dragon turned around, and he said that he wanted to be friends and to play with the basketball. And so Lake and Nancy decided to let the dragon be their friend. The dragon looked like it was really nice. And this dragon had a special necklace. The necklace was made out of cereal, and the dragon also had a cape. And the cape was red and blue. And the dragon also was silly because it wore special dragon shoes. And dragons aren't like people because people have five toes. Dragons only have three toes. So the dragon was wearing a silly shoe on each of its foot that had space for three toes. Well, Lake asked the dragon what its name was, and the dragon said, My name is Danny. And Lake said hi to Danny. And Danny the dragon said hi to Nancy. Danny the dragon told Lake that Lake was scared that Danny was scared of Lake's two dogs, Jury and Waffles. And usually dragons aren't scared of dogs, but this time, because this was such a friendly dragon that didn't even shoot out fire, just slime, he was afraid of the dogs. And so Lake and Nancy told the doggies to be nice, and they stopped barking. And then Danny the dragon said that he wanted to play with them. And Lake said, well, they could go back to the top of the building and have fun on the pool because that's what they were just playing. And the dragon named Danny asked how they get up to the top of the building. And Lake told the dragon that there was no elevator because you took a slide to get down this building, and so you had to walk up so many stairs. Danny the dragon didn't like to walk up so many stairs because he had to wear silly shoes with three tootsie spots. So Danny the dragon asked if there was a different way to get up, and Nancy said there wasn't. But then Danny the dragon had an idea. Danny the dragon told Lake and Nancy and their two doggies, Jury and Waffles, that they could go on his back, and Danny the dragon would flap his wings and fly up to the top of the building. And so that is what he did. When they got to the top of the building, lake said they could start playing in the pool again, but that they should be careful not to make the basketball go over the roof again because then it will fall down the building all the way to the street far below. And Danny the dragon said he would be careful. And then Danny the dragon saw the slide and he asked Lake if they could use the slide next to the pool that got you to the bottom of the building and then have another fun flying dragon ride to get up. And Lake said yes. But when Danny the Dragon got to the slide, he was too big to fit in and the slide was too sticky for him to go. So he had an idea. Danny the dragon decided to squirt some slime out of his dragon mouth and the slime went all over the slide. And that made it easier to go on because slime can be kind of slippery. And so Danny the dragon scrunched up until he was the shape of a little dragon and he went down the slide all the way to the bottom, getting a fun ride on the slide. When he got to the bottom, that is when both of the dogs, Jury and Waffles, did a ChuChu train doggy slide ride. And they went together down the slime. And they thought it was so funny, they didn't even bark. When they got to the bottom, they said, Hoo. Just like a wolf. And Lake thought that's because they were very happy. Well, after them, Lake and Nancy went down the side together. And when they got to the bottom, the dragon said, let's fly up to the top of the building again and do it again for fun. And Lake decided that was a good idea. So for the rest of that day, Lake and Nancy and the dragon named Danny and Lake's two doggies, Jury and Waffles had fun going on dragon rides and then going down the slime slide and doing it over and over. And they all lived happily ever after. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson two makeup because they like it.