Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Olivia. Olivia and her family lived on a houseboat. A houseboat is a whole house built on top of a boat that floats in the water. Olivia and her family lived on a houseboat because Olivia was the best fisher in the whole world. Olivia had a fishing rod, and it was a magic fishing rod. Whenever she threw the fishing line with the hook in the water, guess what happened? It always caught a fish, even if it had no bait and no worm on the hook. People from all over the world were so interested in Olivia and her magic fishing rod. They used to come to take pictures and would always ask her, "Olivia, Olivia, what is the secret? How do you catch a fish?" And Olivia said, "Well, I'm not sure. I think it's just a magic fishing rod." Everyone would always say, "Can we watch? Can we watch?" Sometimes kids would go on helicopter rides to watch from the sky as Olivia fished from her houseboat. Other kids would go in rowboats and row right next to Olivia's houseboat to watch her fish.

One day, Olivia was eating a pancake for breakfast in her houseboat, and she got to put something yummy on the pancake. Do you know what it was? Maple syrup! Her mom said that because it was a special day, she could also have a little bit of honey on her pancake. Olivia said, "Yay!" After eating her pancake with maple syrup and honey, she told her parents she was ready to fish. She said she was going to cast her line in the water and that today she wanted to catch the biggest fish of all. The houseboat started chug, chug, chugging along the river, and Olivia cast her fishing rod. The hook went in the water, and she said to herself, "I wish upon a star. I wish I caught a dolphin today." Just as she said that, a dolphin jumped out of the water, and the dolphin got attached to her hook and swam right next to the houseboat. Olivia said, "Look, guys, I caught a dolphin!" The dolphin said, "Olivia, I'm a talking dolphin, and my name is Dilly. I don't want to be on a hook. I'm Dilly the Dolphin, and I want to show you some tricks." Olivia said, "I don't know, because usually I like to just catch fish." The dolphin said, "Well, Olivia, I have such good tricks." The kids watching in the helicopter said, "Show the tricks! Show the tricks!" Dilly Dolphin said okay and dove under the water. Then he jumped up so high out of the water that he got as high as the helicopter! Dilly Dolphin was the highest jumping dolphin in the world.

Dilly Dolphin told Olivia that he came from the magic world where she got her fishing rod and that he knew how to do many special things. Olivia said, "Show me a trick." Dilly Dolphin said okay and said, "Wooba dooba duba duba duba." Suddenly, the whole river turned into milk, and he was swimming in the milk. Olivia said, "That's a good magic trick, but I want to see the best magic trick, maybe the best magic trick in two weeks." Dilly Dolphin said, "Okay. Are you ready?" Olivia said okay, and Dilly Dolphin said, "Duba lubaluba loba la BA laba." Just as he said that, all the trees turned into Silly Putty, and the trees along the river were all made out of Silly Putty. The raccoon in the trees also turned into Silly Putty, but the raccoon could still move. The green Silly Putty raccoon climbed out of the tree and started swimming right next to Olivia's houseboat. Olivia told the raccoon that because it was a special Silly Putty raccoon, it could go on the houseboat. The raccoon said okay and climbed on the houseboat. Then Dilly Dolphin said, "Do you want to see another trick?" Olivia said, "Yay!" The kids in the helicopter said, "Yay!" Dilly Dolphin said, "Okay, watch this." He said, "Ftsey futsy fitsy fitsy Fatsy futsie." Suddenly, Dilly Dolphin grew legs and hands. Olivia had never seen a dolphin with hands and legs. Dilly Dolphin climbed up onto the houseboat and said, "Olivia, look, I am a dolphin with hands and legs. And guess what?" Olivia said, "What?" Dilly Dolphin said it was his birthday. Olivia asked, "How old are you, Dilly Dolphin?" Dilly Dolphin said he was five years old.

Being five years old is really good. It's also good to be two, three, four, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, and eleven. But five is a very special age because kids who are five know that when you're five, you get a special five-year-old birthday cake. Sometimes it has a candle with the number five on it. When you blow out the candle, you get to eat the five-year-old cake, which is made of ice cream and is fresh and tastes yummy. Dilly Dolphin said, "I'm five, so I want my cake, and it's my birthday today." Olivia said, "Well, I don't know how to make a cake, and there's no cake on the houseboat." Dilly Dolphin said, "Well, I know how to make a cake, and I know how to make it out of Silly Putty." Dilly Dolphin swam back to the shore, got lots of Silly Putty from the trees, and brought it onto the houseboat. He made a magic cake out of Silly Putty and put a magic number five on top of it. Olivia's parents helped light the candle. When they blew out the cake, do you know what happened? It turned into a chocolate sprinkle ice cream cake! Dilly Dolphin shared it with Olivia, they blew out the candle, and they were so happy.

On the bottom of the boat, there was a door that led under the water. When they opened that door, the water didn't come on the boat. Instead, they found a slide, and the slide let you slide into the water. But this kind of magical water that was under the boat, which used to be milk, was a special kind of water. Even if you went in it, you didn't get wet, and any kid could swim in the water. Kids shouldn't swim by themselves without parents, and they shouldn't try this out. This was a special kind of water that any kid could swim in. Olivia and Dilly Dolphin swam together, and they had so much fun splashing in the magic water. Olivia and her family lived happily ever after. The end! Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they'll like it.