Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Olivia. Olivia and her family lived on a houseboat. A houseboat is a whole house that's built on top of a boat and that floats in the water. The reason Olivia and her family lived on a houseboat is because Olivia was the best fisher in the whole world. Olivia had a fishing rod, and it was a magic fishing rod. Whenever you threw the fishing line with the hook in the water, guess what happened? It always caught a fish, even if it had no bait and no worm on the hook. And so everyone from the whole world was so interested in Olivia and her magic fishing rod. And people used to come to take pictures, and they would always ask her, Olivia, Olivia, what is the secret? How do you catch a fish? And Olivia said, well, I'm not sure. I think it's just a magic fishing rod. And everyone would always say, can we watch? Can we watch? And sometimes kids would go in helicopter rides to watch from the sky in the helicopter as Olivia fished from her houseboat. Other kids would go in rowboats, and they would row right next to Olivia's houseboat, and they would watch her fish.

Well, one day, Olivia was eating a pancake for breakfast in her houseboat, and she got to put something yummy on the pancake. Do you know what it was? Maple syrup. And her mom said because it was a special, special day, she could also have a little bit of honey on her pancake. And Olivia said yay. Well, she ate her pancake with the maple syrup and with the honey, and she told her parents that she was ready to fish. Well, she said that she's going to cast in the water and that today she wanted to catch the biggest fish of all. Well, the houseboat started chug, chug, chugging along the river, and Olivia cast her fishing rod, and the hook went in the water. And she said to herself, I wish upon a star. I wish I caught a dolphin today. And just as she said that, a dolphin jumped out of the water, and the dolphin got attached to her hook and swam right next to the houseboat. And Olivia said, look, guys, I caught a dolphin. And the dolphin said, Olivia, I'm a talking dolphin, and my name is Dilly, and I don't want to be on a hook. I'm Dilly the Dolphin, and I want to show you some tricks. And Olivia said, I don't know, because usually I like to just catch fish. And the dolphin said, Well, Olivia, I have such good tricks. And the kids that were watching in the helicopter said, Show the tricks. Show the tricks. And Dilly Dolphin said okay. And Dilly Dolphin dove under the water, and then he jumped up so high out of the water that guess how high he got. As high as the helicopter. And Dilly Dolphin was the highest jumping dolphin in the world.

And then Dilly Dolphin told Olivia that he came from the magic world where she got her fishing rod and that he knew how to do so many special things. And Olivia said, show me a trick. And Dilly Dolphin said okay. And he said, Wooba dooba duba duba duba. And suddenly the whole river turned into milk, and he was swimming in the milk. And Olivia said, that's a good magic trick, but I want to see the best magic trick, maybe the best magic trick in two weeks. And Dilly Dolphin said. Okay. Are you ready? And Olivia said okay. And Dilly Dolphin said duba lubaluba loba la BA laba and just as he said that all of the trees turned into Silly Putty and the trees along the river were all made out of Silly Putty and the raccoon that was in the trees also turned into Silly Putty, but the raccoons were still able to move. And the raccoon, which was made out of Silly Putty, it was a green silly Putty climbed out of the tree and started swimming right next to Olivia's houseboat. And Olivia told the raccoon that because it was a special Silly Putty raccoon, it could go on the houseboat. And it said, okay. And it climbed on the houseboat. And then Dilly Dolphin said, you want to see another trick? And Olivia said yay. And the kids in the helicopter said, Yay. And Dilly Dolphin said, okay, watch this. And he said, Ftsey futsy fitsy fitsy Fatsy futsie. And suddenly Dilly Dolphin grew legs and hands. And Olivia had never seen a dolphin that grew hands and legs. And Dilly Dolphin climbed up onto the houseboat and said, Olivia, look, I am a dolphin that has hands and legs. And guess what? And Olivia said what? And Dilly Dolphin said that it is his birthday. Olivia said. How old are you? Dilly dolphin. And Dilly Dolphin said that he is five years old.

Well, it's really good to be five years old. It's also good to be two and three and four and six and seven, even 8910 and eleven. But five is a very special age because kids who are five know that when you're five, you get a special five-year-old birthday cake, and sometimes it could have a candle that has the number five on it. And when you blow out the candle, you get to eat the five-year-old cake, which is made of ice cream and is fresh and tastes yummy. Well, Dilly Dolphin said, I'm five, so I want my cake, and it's my birthday today. And Olivia said, Well, I don't know how to make cake, and there's no cake on the houseboat. And Dilly Dolphin said, Well, I know how to make cake, and I know how to make it out of Silly Putty. So Dilly Dolphin swam back to the shore and got so much Silly Putty from the trees and brought it onto the houseboat. And he made a magic cake out of Silly Putty and put a magic number five on top of it. And then Olivia's parents helped light the candle. And when they blew out the cake, do you know what happened? What? It turned into a chocolate sprinkle ice cream cake. And Dilly Dolphin shared it with Olivia and they blew out the candle, and they were so happy.

Well, excuse me. On the bottom of the boat, there was a door that led under the water. And when they opened that door, do you know what happened? The water didn't come on the boat. Instead, they found a slide, and the slide let you slide into the water. But this kind of magical water that was under the boat, which used to be milk, it was a kind of magical water. Even if you went in it, you didn't get wet, and any kid was able to swim in the water. Kids shouldn't swim by themselves without parents, and they shouldn't try this out. This was a special kind of water that any kid could swim in. And Olivia and the Dilly Dolphin dilly Dolphin helped Olivia swim, and they had so much fun splash, splashing in the magic water. And Olivia and her family lived happily ever after. The End tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.