Welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime rumpus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from two big girls named Kennedy and Emerson. Kennedy is five years old, and Emerson is three years old, and they asked for us to make up a story about a dragon with magic, fire, and a unicorn. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two big girls whose names were Kennedy and Emerson. It was going to be Emerson's birthday soon, and Kennedy and her mama were preparing a special surprise. They decided that for Emerson's fourth birthday, whenever it came, they would have unicorn ice cream cake. And when it was finally Emerson's birthday, they got four candles, and they lit them on fire, and the candles got kind of sparkly, and they said happy birthday to Emerson. And Emerson blew out the candles, and Kennedy was watching as the unicorn eyes opened up. That's right. The unicorn ice cream cake turned alive and looked at Kennedy right as Emerson was blowing out the candles. So Kennedy said to Emerson, emerson, look at your birthday cake. It turned real. And Emerson looked at the ice cream unicorn birthday cake, and she saw that it opened up its eyes, and the unicorn cake started to walk on the table. And Kennedy and Emerson were so shocked, they asked their mama if she had ever seen a unicorn ice cream cake turn into a real unicorn and walk on the table. And their mama said she hadn't. Well, the fair was coming to town soon, and Kennedy and Emerson decided that they wanted to show everyone at the fair their ice cream unicorn. The ice cream unicorn told Kennedy and Emerson to call her meow meow, because this is a unicorn that made a meow sound just like a cat. And the ice cream unicorn said, please, can you call me meow meow? And Kennedy and Emerson said, okay. And they called the unicorn meow meow. The unicorn was starting to get ready for the fair, and the unicorn told Kennedy and Emerson that it was going to do a special trick for all the people that went to the fair. And the trick was, it was going to say, poof. And when it said poof, there were going to be some little fireworks around the unicorn. And then the ice cream unicorn would make some butterflies appear, and then the ice cream unicorn would make its horn turn into blueberries, and the ice cream unicorn would have wings made out of carrots. And the ice cream unicorn would make so many flashlights bounce up and down so there would be light all over. And that was the ice cream unicorn meow meow's idea for what to do at the state fair. Kennedy. And Emerson said okay. So the next day, they went to the state fair. The state fair looked really special. There were lots of rainbow colored tents. There was a big Ferris wheel. There were special stands where you could get candy and cotton candy, and you could also get Hot dogs. There were also pigs which you could pet, and they were little, and some of the pigs were big. And there were races with little race cars, and there were also lots of treats. And so Kennedy and Emerson decided they were ready to go into the fair. They went into the fair and everyone started to ask them, how did you get a real ice cream unicorn? And they told everybody that they were about to do a trick in front of the whole fair. So the person who is in charge of the whole fair told everybody on a loudspeaker announcement. Everybody, we have an important trick that's going to be done by Kennedy and Emerson. And everyone started to say hip, hip hooray. And then the person in charge of the fair said, and it's going to involve an ice cream unicorn. And everyone said yay. And then Kennedy and Emerson went in middle of the tent on the stage, and they got their unicorn meow meow to come out. And the unicorn started doing dancing tricks as there were little fireworks and butterflies and flashlights and as his wings turned into carrots and its horn into blueberries, and everyone loved it so much. But Kennedy and Emerson were worried that the ice cream unicorn might melt because it was getting pretty hot in the tent. So Kennedy told the person in charge of the fair that they needed to get some ice. And the person who was in charge of the fair wore a silly hat. And he had two pairs of glasses. One glasses in front of his eyes and one glasses on top of that. And he told Kennedy and Emerson that he would go get some ice soon enough. He got a whole bucket of ice. And Kennedy and Emerson put the ice cream unicorn there so it wouldn't melt. And Miamiya. The ice cream unicorn said that she felt better. And Kennedy and Emerson asked Miamiya the unicorn where she wanted to go. And Miamiya. The unicorn said she was ready to go back to their house. So Kennedy and Emerson's mama drove meow meow, the unicorn and Kennedy and Emerson away from the state fair and back to their house. And that night, they decided to invent a big air conditioner that was like a big freezer where you could keep the whole house cold. And then Kennedy and Emerson decided they would make the whole house so cold so that the unicorn miyamow could always stay alive and not melt. And they would just wear coats in the house. And from that day forward, there was a rule in Kennedy and Emerson's House that everyone had to wear coats and it had to be so cold. And they started to play with the friendly meow meow unicorn. And it was so fun. But one day, Miamiau the unicorn noticed that there was a special kind of fruit that looked like an apple, but it was kind of long, like a banana. And it also, when you tasted it, tasted like a watermelon and that this fruit made the ice cream unicorn meow meow turn hard so that it wasn't going to melt anymore. And it turned into a unicorn that was made of this special kind of fruit. And it was so happy because they didn't have to keep the house cold anymore and that unicorn and Kennedy and Emerson lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to listen to Mr. Up because they like it.