Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Dean. It was getting to be nighttime and Dean knew that that night there were going to be fireworks. There was a big parade in town, and there was going to be cotton candy outside, and there was going to be hot dogs, and kids were going to get to stay up late that night. And that night there was going to be a big fireworks show where fireworks were shot in the air and made colorful designs in the dark sky behind them. Dean was very excited, so Dean told his mom that they should dress up in pajamas that day since they were going to stay out so late. And Dean put on his pajamas and he walked out with his mom and with his dad in the city of Los Angeles. They got to the place where there was going to be the fireworks. It was a beach that was so sandy and the water on the beach was red instead of its usual blue. And Dean could see that there was a man who was dressed up in a tall long hat that was blue and had stars on it. And the man also had a nose that was very silly because it was shaped like a carrot. And the man was also wearing a robe that also had stars on it and that was also blue. And he had a magic wand and a long beard. And Dean told his mom that he thought that maybe that person was a wizard and that that is how the ocean turned red. Dean's mom said that there are no wizards in real life. And the only way to see if a wizard is real is to whisper the secret question to a wizard. And if a wizard says the right answer, then it means they're a real wizard. And Dean remembered the secret question because he had it in a dream one day. And Dean waited until the wizard with the pointy hat and the silly nose that was like a carrot and the robe with the stars on it walked towards him and his mom. And the wizard walked really close to them and said Dean. And Dean remembered what to ask to see if it was a real wizard or pretend one. The magic words that not a lot of people know. And which is important to remember is Huang Ha. If you say Huang Ha to a wizard and the wizard responds, Huang Ha ha. Then it means they're a real wizard. And Dean remembered that from a dream from a long time ago. So he looked in the wizard's eyes and he said, Huang Ha. And the wizard was quiet. And then the wizard looked at Dean's mom and at all of the other people that were dressed for the July 4 Parade. And then the wizard looked back at Dean and the wizard said, Huang Hala. And so Dean knew it was a real wizard. And Dean told his mom and his dad that he thought it would be a special fireworks show. And the wizard pointed his magic wand at the fireworks which were on the beach. And he said, Firefly. And just as he said that, the first firework went off. And it made a kaboom and went up into the sky. And when the firework went up in the sky, some colors came out of it. There was a line of pink that was kind of sparkly and dazzly. And there was a line of yellow that went straight up and looked like a yellow crayon. And then there was also a line of blue that went in a zigzaggy way up and down, back and forth through the night sky. And the fireworks, usually fireworks fall down, but these fireworks kept going higher and higher and higher. Yeah, bud, I wonder if there was fireflies because you said fireflies. I wonder if there was fireflies making a bunch of light spitting around. As it turned out, the next firework that went off had fireflies in them. And when it went off in the sky, there were fireflies that made a beautiful design of the American flag red, white and blue. And the fireflies started to fly around and go up and down. And then another firework went off and the firework had more fireflies in it. And the fireflies were so silly because they decided to dance in the sky and they were doing a big spirally firefly dance. And the fireflies went round and round and lower and lower. And then the fireflies went together in groups and they pretended to be birds. And the fireflies were flying around. And then Dean told the old wizard that he had an idea. And the old wizard said, what is it? And Dean said, you should make a firework that has a dragon come out of it. And the wizard said that was a good idea. So the next firework was shot off into the sky. The sky was still dark at this point. There were so many fireflies all over. And when this firework exploded in the sky, it looked like a cloud full of magic. Dust and sprinkles came out. And then the cloud started to move and it changed colors and it turned red. And the crowd was looking and saying, wow, how can a firework even do that? But Dean knew the answer. It was only because of the wizard who made the fireworks magical. And the fireworks kept turning colors until it was the color of a dragon. And then the fireworks grew some scales on them and it grew eyes and it grew big mouth. And then there was a fire breathing dragon that was in the sky and it was the nicest fire breathing dragon ever because all it loved to do is if kids had marshmallows, it would just put a teensy bit of fire on the marshmallows. And so the fire breathing dragon was such a nice dragon and it flew down all the way to the parade and the beach with a pink ocean water that was right near Dean. And the wizard made all sorts of marshmallows appear in all the kids hands. And the marshmallows were on sticks. And then the fire breathing dragon put a little teensy bit of fire and helped blow it out on all of the kids marshmallows to make them yummy. And then the wizard made some chocolate and some graham crackers and all of the kids got to have some s'mores. Dean told everyone that he knew how all of this was possible, because all of the kids were like, how do we even get this? How is it possible that there's a little fire breathing dragon and all the fireflies in the sky and the magical fireworks? So Dean made an announcement that there was really a wizard. And all of the kids wanted to see what the wizard was. And so they all came to Dean. And as the kids looked at the wizard, the wizard put his arms in the sky and the wizard decided to put his magic wand in his mouth and he jumped up. And as he jumped up, he turned into an octopus. And the wizard used his hour to turn into helicopter rotors. And as an octopus, he went higher and higher away into the night sky from whence he came. And Dean and his family lived happily ever after. The end.