Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. One morning, their parents were still sleeping. But Jonah and Jesse didn't want to just lay down in bed and do nothing because that is so boring. So they decided to go into their parents' room, wake up their mom quietly, and ask her to make them some breakfast.

Jesse got out of his bed and very quietly opened the door to his bedroom. He walked through the hallway to his mom's room, opened the door, and went right to his mom's bed. When he picked up the blanket, he saw that his mom's body disappeared, and only her head was there. Jesse said, "Mom, where'd you go?" His mom's head turned around, and she said, "Here I am." Jesse asked, "But what happened to your body?" His mom opened her mouth and said that the phone took it away.

Jesse asked how she could get her body back. His mom said that he needed to dial 911, the number for the police, to get her body back. So Jesse picked up his mom's phone and dialed 911. Suddenly, his mom's body went right back on her head, and it was on the bed. Jesse told his mom that it was time to get up and that he really wanted pancakes for breakfast.

Jesse's mom got out of bed, and they held hands and walked together to the kitchen. She started to make some pancakes. As she poured pancake mix into a pan, her body disappeared again. That meant she couldn't finish making the pancakes. Jesse knew what to do. He got his mom's phone and dialed 911 again. Suddenly, his mom's body reappeared, and she was able to continue making the pancakes.

Jesse said, "Oh, no, not again," because he didn't want his mom's body to keep disappearing and for her just to have a head. Well, his mom said that while she was sleeping, something special happened with her phone. Her body kept getting sucked up into her phone, and she had no control over it.

Jesse said they would need to call a doctor. So his mom called a doctor and said, "Hello? My body keeps disappearing, and I can't even get out of bed. It's hard for me to make pancakes, and I need help." The doctor said he would be right over.

Jesse looked out the window as he started to eat his pancakes and heard a siren go woo woo, woo. He could tell it was a special ambulance made of Lego, but it had regular car wheels and a real ambulance siren. When the ambulance pulled up to their driveway, a doctor holding a Lego stretcher came out.

The doctor rang the doorbell, and Jesse told his mom to open the door. But when she went to open the door, her body disappeared again. So she couldn't turn the doorknob to open the door for the special doctor. Jesse said he would open the door instead.

He opened the door, and the doctor with the Lego stretcher came in and asked, "What is the problem?" Jesse's mom, with her floating head, said, "Well, my body keeps disappearing during the night. Something special happened with my phone, and my body keeps disappearing. The only way for me to get my body back is if Jesse dials 911."

The doctor said she must have had a special spell put on her by a wizard who lived in a different town and had a long gray beard and a tall pointy hat. The wizard did that to people he didn't want to make breakfast for kids. Jesse's mom asked, "How can I get my body back all the time?" The doctor told her to lie down on the stretcher.

Jesse's mom put her head on the stretcher, and Jesse asked if he could go in the Lego ambulance too. His mom and the doctor said, "Okay." So Jesse went in the ambulance and dialed 911, so her whole body would stay there. The doctor held the stretcher and brought Jesse's mom into the ambulance, which was made of Lego. Jesse went in too and turned the siren on, saying, "Woo, woo, woo."

Just as they started to go, Jesse's mom's body disappeared again. But this time, because she was lying on the Lego stretcher, the whole ambulance and Jesse disappeared too. Jesse didn't know what to do because now that he was disappeared, his hands didn't work, and he couldn't pick up the phone to dial 911 to make himself reappear and his mom reappear.

Jesse said, "Oh, great. Now what should I do?" Luckily, his big brother Jonah was watching from the window of their house. As soon as he saw the ambulance disappear, he knew what he had to do. Jonah woke up his dad, who was sleeping throughout this whole thing, and said, "Dad, you wouldn't believe what happened. Mom keeps disappearing, and Jesse went with her in a Lego ambulance to go to the hospital. Now the whole ambulance disappeared because mom was lying down on the stretcher, and Jesse's gone too."

His dad got up, looked out the window, and said, "Jonah, I think you're making this up because there's no such thing as Lego ambulances, and how could a person's body just disappear, and their head still be there? Where are Jesse and mom, really?" Jonah said, "Dad, I'm not tricking. You have to believe me. Just look outside."

His dad looked outside and didn't see any ambulance. Jonah needed to think of a way to convince his dad that it really happened. He said, "Look closely at the street, and you can see some rubber marks from the tires of the Lego ambulance." So his dad went outside and saw that there really were rubber marks from the ambulance. Jonah said, "Dad, together we need to think of a way to get back Jesse and mom." That's when Jonah realized his dad had a different phone. He said, "Dad, how about we dial the opposite of 911? How about we dial 119?" So they picked up his dad's phone, and Jonah dialed 119.

The Lego ambulance reappeared right by a stop sign on the street. They saw Jesse and their mom inside it. Jonah and his dad rushed to the Lego ambulance, opened the back door, and saw that Jesse and their mom had their whole bodies and weren't just floating heads. They asked the doctor what they could do to make sure they stayed real again and didn't just disappear.

The doctor said they already figured out the solution. To reverse the spell the wizard with the long gray beard and the blue pointy hat put on them, they needed to dial 119, and they wouldn't turn invisible again. So Jesse and his mom got out of the ambulance, walked back home, and finished their pancake breakfast with maple syrup. Jesse, Jonah, their dad, and their mom lived happily ever after. The end.