Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. It was the morning time, and their parents were still sleeping. But Jonah and Jesse didn't want to just lay down in bed and do nothing because that is so boring. And so they decided that they would go into their parents' room and they would wake up their mom quietly and ask her to make them some breakfast.

And so Jesse got out of his bed, and very quietly, he opened the door to his bedroom. And he walked through the hallway to his mom's room. He opened the door and he went right to his mom's bed. And when he picked up the blanket, he saw that his mom's body disappeared and it was only her head there. And Jesse said, "Mom, where'd you go?" And his mom's head turned around, and she said, "Here I am." And Jesse said, "But what happened to your body?" And Jesse's mom opened up her mouth and she said that the phone took it away.

Jesse asked how she could get her body back. And Jesse's mom said that he needed to dial 911. That's the number for the police to get her body back. So Jesse picked up his mom's phone and he dialed 911. And then all of a sudden, Jesse's mom's body went right back on her head, and it was on the bed. Jesse told his mom that it was time to get up and that he really wanted pancakes for breakfast.

So Jesse's mom got out of bed and they held hands and walked together to the kitchen, and she started to make some pancakes. As Jesse's mom poured some pancake mix into a pan, her body disappeared again. And that meant she couldn't finish making the pancakes. So Jesse knew what to do. He got his mom's phone and he dialed 911 again. And suddenly his mom's body reappeared, and she was able to continue to make the pancakes.

And Jesse said, "Oh, no, not again," because he didn't want his mom's body to keep disappearing and for her just to have a head. Well, Jesse's mom said that while she was sleeping, something special happened with her phone. And her body kept, like, getting sucked up into her phone, and she had no control over it whatsoever.

Jesse said that they would need to call a doctor. And Jesse told his mom that she should call a doctor. So Jesse's mom dialed the phone number of a doctor and said, "Hello? My body is disappearing all the time and I can't even get out of bed. And it's hard for me to make pancakes and I need help." And the doctor said that he would be right over.

Well, Jesse looked out the window as he started to eat his pancakes and he heard a siren go woo woo, woo. And he could tell that it was a special ambulance. The ambulance was made of Lego, but it had regular car wheels and a real ambulance siren. And when the ambulance pulled up to the driveway of Jesse's house, there was a doctor who was holding a Lego stretcher that came out of the ambulance.

And the doctor rang the doorbell to Jesse's house and said, "Ding dong." And Jesse told his mom to go open the door. And when Jesse's mom went to open the door, her body disappeared again. So she couldn't even turn the doorknob to open the door for the special doctor that came out of the Lego ambulance. Jesse said that he would just open the door instead.

So he opened the door and the doctor who had the Lego stretcher came out into the house and he said, "What is the problem?" And Jesse's mom with her floating head said, "Well, my body keeps disappearing during the night. Something special happened with my phone and my body keeps disappearing. And the only way for me to get my body back is if Jesse dials 911."

The ambulance driver said that she must have had a special spell put on her by a wizard who lived in a different town and who had a long gray beard and a tall pointy hat. And that wizard did that to people who he didn't want to make breakfast for kids. And Jesse's mom said, "Well, how can I get my body back all the time?" And the doctor who was carrying the Lego stretcher told Jesse's mom that she had to lie down on the stretcher.

And so Jesse's mom put her head on the stretcher and Jesse asked if he could go in the Lego ambulance also. And Jesse's mom and the doctor said, "Okay." So Jesse went in the ambulance and he dialed 911 so her whole body would stay there. And the doctor held the stretcher and brought Jesse's mom into the ambulance, which was made of Lego. And Jesse went into the ambulance also. And he turned the siren on and said, "Woo, woo, woo."

And just as they started to go, Jesse's mom's body disappeared again. But this time, because Jesse's mom was lying on the Lego stretcher, the whole ambulance and Jesse disappeared too. And Jesse didn't even know what to do because now that he was disappeared, his hands didn't work and he couldn't pick up the phone to dial 911 to make himself reappear and to make his mom reappear.

And so Jesse said, "Oh, great. Now? What should I do?" Luckily, Jesse's big brother Jonah was watching from the window of his house. And as soon as he saw the ambulance disappear, he knew what he had to do. Jesse's brother Jonah woke up his dad, who was sleeping throughout this whole thing, and said, "Dad, you wouldn't believe what happened. Mom keeps disappearing. And Jesse went with mom in a Lego ambulance to go to the hospital. And now the whole ambulance disappeared because mom was lying down on the stretcher. And Jesse's gone too."

Well, Steve got up and he looked out the window and he said, "Jonah, I think that you're making this up because there's no such thing as Lego ambulances, and how could a person's body just disappear and their head will still be there? And where's Jesse and mom, really?" And Jonah said, "Dad, I'm not tricking. You have to believe me. Just look outside."

And Steve looked outside, and he didn't see any ambulance. And Jonah needed to think of a way to convince his dad that that really happened. And he said, "Look closely at the street, and you can see some, like, rubber marks from the tires of the Lego ambulance." So Steve said, "Jonah, do I really have to go outside?" And Jonah said, "Yes."

So Steve went outside, and he saw that there really were some rubber marks from the ambulance. And Jonah said, "Dad, together we need to think of a way to get back Jesse and mom." And that's when Jonah realized that his dad had a different phone. And so he said, "Dad, how about we dial the opposite of 911? How about we dial 119?" And so they picked up Steve's phone, and Jonah dialed 119.

And the Lego ambulance reappeared right in the corner of the street by a stop sign. And they saw that Jesse and Amanda were inside it. And Jonah and Steve rushed to the Lego ambulance and opened up the back door of the Lego ambulance. And they saw that Jesse and Amanda had their whole bodies and weren't just floating with their heads. And they asked the doctor who drove in the ambulance what they could do to make sure that they stayed real again and didn't just disappear.

And the doctor said that they already figured out the solution. That to reverse the spell that the wizard with the long gray beard and the blue pointy hat put on them, they needed to dial 119 and they wouldn't turn invisible again. And so Jesse and Amanda were able to go out of the ambulance, and they walked back home, and they were able to finish up their pancake breakfast with maple syrup. And Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.