Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a boy whose name was Jude. Jude went to school, and in his school, there was always one kid who was kind of a bully. The bully would never let Jude go on the playground and play with things. He would always say, "It's my playground. You can't go here." And he wouldn't even share. Jude always wanted that kid to share.

One day, he was at school outside, and it was recess time, and all of the kids were playing, and it started to rain. Soon there was thunder. Jude looked up at the sky and saw a big flash of lightning. The flash of lightning was a little bit scary. All of the kids in Jude's school decided to run inside. The bully said that he wasn't scared at first, but then he ran inside also. All of the kids had their umbrellas and raincoats all wet, and they went back into class and sat down at their desks because recess was over.

Jude looked out the window and saw a ninja dressed in a ninja costume, with a picture of a lightning bolt on its chest. Jude told everyone in his class, "Look out the window!" All the kids in Jude's class looked out the window and saw the ninja. The teacher said they could go to the window to look. All the kids went to the window of their classroom and looked outside, seeing a kid dressed as a ninja. The kid ran up to the window, and right when he started running, he got to the window right away. The kid tapped on the window.

Jude asked his teacher if he could open the window to his classroom, and his teacher said, "Okay." Right when the window opened, the kid said, "Wya." That's when everybody knew that it was a real ninja because he was able to fit through the window even though it was open just a tiny bit, and a regular person wouldn't have been able to do that. After he went in the classroom, he ran all around the walls and was able to do a backflip from one desk in the classroom to the other desk. The teacher said, "Catch that ninja!" All of the kids tried to go in a circle and chase the ninja to try to catch him, but they couldn't.

Jude decided instead of catching the ninja, they could have some people on one side and the other. They did that, but then they just clashed into each other, and the ninja went the opposite way. Then they went one way, one way, one way, one way, and then got the ninja. Some kids in Jude's class went on one side, and the other kids went on a different side. They tried to run together, but when they ran together, the ninja jumped up, and the kids just crashed into each other.

That's when they heard the alarm bell of their school go off. It seemed like maybe it was a fire drill or something like that, but there was a big alarm, and all of the kids had to go out of their classroom and march down the hallways and go outside even though it was raining and there was no time to get raincoats or anything like that. As the kids were walking through the hallway single file, going kind of fast but not panicked, they were saying, "Ninja alert! Ninja alert! Ninja alert!"

Jude, when he got outside, looked up at the sky and saw another lightning bolt, but this one was red. The red lightning bolt went all the way down and hit the bully's head. The red lightning bolt actually hit the bully, and the bully turned into a ninja. Jude was afraid that now the bully would be a bad ninja. Jude tried to hide behind one of his teachers so the bully wouldn't notice him. But the bully, who turned into a ninja immediately using his ninja power, saw where Jude was and tried to get him. The good ninja, the one that snuck through the window that Jude was trying to get, stood right in front of Jude and said that he would protect him. The bully was like, "No, I'm going to get him anyway."

First, they decided that instead of fighting because fighting wasn't nice, the ninjas should do rock, paper, scissors. The good ninja won. The bad ninja got so angry that they had to stop fighting. The good ninja took out a secret weapon that was in his pocket. It was a pet dragon. The dragon was not a big dragon; it was a really small dragon, about the size of a thumb. The good ninja had the dragon go out of his pocket, and the dragon went right up to the bully who turned into a ninja. The dragon breathed out some ketchup, and the ketchup went all over the bully who turned into a ninja.

When the ketchup went over him, the bully's ninja powers went away, and the lightning bolt faded from his costume, turning him back into a regular kid. He felt really bad because he told Jude and the good ninja that he didn't mean to be such a bad bully. It was just that sometimes he felt like nobody wanted to play with him, and the only way he could get people to play with him was if he was on the playground first. Jude and the good ninja explained that that is not a good way to get people to play with you. You should instead just be nice.

The bully, who was no longer a ninja, said that he was going to be nice from then on. The good ninja said that in his other pocket, he had a sword, and he was going to give it to the person who used to be a bully. The sword wasn't sharp because it was made of plastic, but it was a ninja sword. He told the bully that he could just carry around that sword, and if ever he wanted to play with a kid, then he could just play pretend sword games with the kid instead of trying to be mean. Then he would have a toy to share.

The bully said okay and was happy that Jude and the ninja were able to save him and turn him back into a regular kid. He asked Jude if he wanted to be friends. Jude told the bully that he would be friends sometimes, but sometimes he would also need some space. The kid said that it was okay. Jude, the good ninja, and everyone else in his school lived happily ever after. The end.