Names. My name is Jude And and I'm six years old and I live in North Carolina. Asheville. I would like a story about a ninja with super speed, a pet dragon, and a magical sword. Get it know? Welcome to made up stories. My name is Noah. Made Up Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a six year old boy who lives in Asheville, North Carolina, and whose name is Jude. And Jude asks for us to make up a story about a ninja wya. Wya. That has super speed and a pet dragon and also a sword. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a boy whose name was Jude. Jude went to school, and in his school, there was always one kid who is kind of a bully. And the bully would never let Jude go, like on the playground and play with things. He would always say, It's my playground. You can't go here. And he wouldn't even share. And Jude always wanted that kid to share. And one day he was at school outside, and it was recess time, and all of the kids were playing, and it started to rain. And soon there was thunder. And Jude looked up at the sky and he could see that there was a big flash of lightning. And the flash of lightning was kind of it was like a little bit scary. And all of the kids that were in Jude school decided to run inside. And the bully, he said that he wasn't scared at first, but then he ran inside also. And so all of the kids, they had their umbrellas were all wet and their raincoats were all wet, and they went back into class, and they were sitting down at their desks because recess was over. And Jude looked out the window and he saw that there was a ninja that was dressed in a ninja costume, and it wore, like, a picture of a lightning bolt on its chest. And so Jude told everyone in his class, look out the window. And all the kids in Jude's class looked out the window and they all saw that there was this ninja that looked kind of like a different kid, but it was like he couldn't tell at first if it was a kid wearing a costume and the costume just had a lightning bolt on it or if it was a real ninja. But all of the kids looked out and the teacher said that they could go to the window to look. So all the kids went to the window of their classroom and they looked outside and they saw this other kid who is dressed as a ninja. And the kid ran up to the window, and right when he started running, he got right to the window right away. And the kid tapped on the window. And then Jude asked his teacher if he could open the window to his classroom and his teacher said, okay, right when the window opened, the kid said, Wya. And that's when everybody knew that it was a real ninja because he was able to fit through the window even though it was open just a tiny bit, and a regular person wouldn't have been able to do that. And after he went in the classroom, he ran all around the walls and was able to do a backflip, but from one desk in the classroom to the other desk. And then the teacher said, Catch that ninja. And all of the kids tried to go in a circle and they were chasing the ninja to try to catch him, but they couldn't because then Jude decided instead of catch, you can just go have some people on one side and the other. They did that, but then they just clashed into each other and the ninja went the opposite. Then they went one way, one way, one way, one way, and then got a ninja. Yes. So some kids in Jude's class went on one side and then the other kids went on a different side and they tried to run together, but when they ran together, the ninja jumped up and the kids just crashed into each other. And that's when they heard the alarm bell of their school go off. It seemed like maybe it was a fire drill or something like that, but there was a big alarm and all of the kids had to go out of their classroom and they all had to march down the hallways and go outside even though it was raining and there was no time to get raincoats or anything like that. And as the kids were walking through the hallway single file, going kind of fast, but not so fast, like they weren't panicked. As they were going out, all of the kids were saying, Ninja alert. Ninja alert. Ninja alert. And Jude, when he got outside, he looked up at the sky and he saw there was another lightning bolt, but this one was red. And the red lightning bolt went all the way down and it went right on the bully's head. And the lightning bolt, the red lightning bolt actually hit the bully. And the bully, right when the lightning bolt hit him, turned into a ninja. And that bully, Jude, was afraid that now that that bully wasn't just like a regular six or seven year old kid, that he would be a bad ninja. And so Jude tried to hide behind one of his teachers so, like, the bully wouldn't notice him. But the bully, who turned into a ninja immediately using his ninja power, saw where Jude was and tried to get him. But the good ninja, the one that snuck through the window that at first Jude was trying to get, stood right in front of Jude and said that he would protect him. And the bully was like, no, I'm going to get him anyway. And first they decided that instead of fighting because fighting wasn't nice, what the ninjas should do is rock, paper, scissors. And that's when you kind of like jonah, do you want to explain rock, paper, scissors? Like a lot of people know, but like, walk beats scissors, scissors cuts paper and paper goes on walk and you do it with your hands. The good ninja one, the bad ninja got so angry that they had to stop fighting. This is what it sounded like in the fight. But the thing with when ninjas do rock, paper, scissors, they do it so quickly. It's like much faster than normal people do rock, paper, scissors. And there were some banging noises and stuff like that and it seemed like the bully was going to win and Jude really didn't want the bully to win. And that is when the good ninja took out a secret weapon that was in his pocket. And do you know what that secret weapon was? What? It was a pet dragon. And the dragon was like it was not a big dragon, it was a really small dragon. So you would think at first, like, it wouldn't be so powerful. It was about the size of a lighter or a match or something like that. So that would be the size of your like it's about the size of like a normal thumb. Yeah, it's about the size of a thumb. And the good ninja had the dragon go out of his pocket and the dragon went right up to the person who is a bully who had the lightning bolt go on him and he turned into a ninja. And the dragon breathed out some ketchup and the ketchup went all over the bully who turned into a ninja. This is what it sounded like. Yeah, it sounded like that. And when the ketchup went over him, that's when the bully's ninja powers went away and you could see the lightning bolt fade from his costume and he turned into like a regular kid again. And he felt really bad because he told Jude and he told the good ninja that he didn't really mean to be such a bad bully. It was just that sometimes he felt like nobody wanted to play with him and the only way he could get people to play with him is if he was on the playground first. And Jude and the good ninja explained that that is not a good way to get people to play with you. You should instead just be nice. And so the bully who was no longer a ninja said that he was going to be nice from then on. And the good ninja said that in his other pocket he had a sword and he was going to give it to the person who used to be a bully. And the sword, it wasn't like a sharp sword or anything like that because it was made of plastic, but the sword was kind of like a ninja sword. And he told the bully that he could just carry around that sword. And if ever he wanted to play with the kid, then he could just play pretend sword games with the kid instead of trying to be mean. And then he would just tell the kids that they could share the sword and stuff like that so he would have a toy to share. And so the bully said okay. And then he was happy that Jude and the ninja was able to save him and turn him back into a regular kid. So he asked Jude if he wanted to be friends. And Jude told the bully that he would be friends sometimes, but sometimes he would also need some space. And the kid said that it was okay. And Jude and the good ninja and everyone else in his school lived happily ever after. The end. Thank you for listening to stories. I am Peaching. I am go to makeup store. Enjoy the club. Join the club. Tell your friends.