Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy who was five years old and whose name was Toksh. Toksh's mama and dada told him, "We're going to have a birthday soon, and for your birthday, we're going to drive all the way to the ocean, and we're going to go on a ship, and we're going to ask the captain to take us on an adventure." Toksh said, "Please, can you take me before my birthday, please?" Toksh's mama agreed.

The very next day, they got a taxi, and the taxi drove them all the way to the sea. When they got to the sea, they saw there was a little rowboat. Toksh said, "Isn't this rowboat a little bit too big if we get in the ocean? Because what if there's a tsunami?" Toksh's mom and dad reassured him, "Don't worry. The captain of this rowboat is a very good captain."

The captain of the rowboat was a monkey. Toksh said, "I don't think a monkey is a good captain of a rowboat." Then Toksh's mama explained, "Actually, the monkey is just the captain's pet." The captain of the rowboat, who had a regular person hat and was dressed like a captain, confirmed that he was a real captain. He was a real captain, but he just had a pet monkey.

They got on the rowboat, and they started to row their boat in the sea. The waves were a little bit big. There was an earthquake, and a tsunami was coming. Toksh said, "I told you guys, a real tsunami is coming, and a tsunami is a big, big wave." Just as they saw the tsunami coming, they also saw a friendly pirate ship come by them. The friendly pirate ship said, "Hurry up, guys. Come on our pirate ship."

Toksh told his mom, "Mom, it might be a trick because pirates sometimes trick and take things." Toksh's mama said, "Well, let's see." The monkey seemed to know those pirates. The captain of the ship said, "Really? These are friendly pirates?" So Toksh climbed up and talked to these pirates. The captain of the ship had met those pirates before.

They climbed up a ladder right before the tsunami could come, and they climbed up the pirate ship. The chief pirate, the one who was in charge of all the pirates, had a patch over one of his eyes, and he had a big pirate hat that said "X" in the middle, and he carried a butter knife. He was a good guy, and he was pretending to be a pirate so other pirates would get caught by them.

The pirate also had a parrot, which was a colorful bird that stayed on his shoulder and could even say some words. The pirate said, "The trick to get over the tsunami wave is we'll sail right towards it. And when we get very close, then I'll turn on the hidden motor in the back of the pirate ship, and it'll go right over." Toksh said, "Okay, be careful." The pirate agreed, and they went over the tsunami, and nothing even happened. There was just a little splash.

The pirate said to Toksh, "Because you trusted me, and since you guys knew I was really a good pirate, which is why I just carried a butter knife, do you know what this pirate really loves to do?" He loved to make sandwiches with bread. He liked to put butter on the sandwiches and peanut butter and jelly, and also some yummy things. That's why he carried just a butter knife, not a sharp knife.

The pirate said, "Because you trusted me, I am going to tell you guys a secret. I buried a treasure somewhere." The other pirates were surprised, "So you buried that treasure?" The captain of the pirate said yes, and he showed them the treasure map. Toksh looked at the treasure map, and the treasure map said that in order to get to the treasure, they needed to build a time machine.

A time machine is a machine that lets people, even if they're on boats, go into the future or into the past. The treasure map had instructions for how to build a time machine. It said that Toksh would need to find a clock, a ruler, some colors, a computer screen, and bicycle wheels. If he used a hammer and a screwdriver and put the clock, the ruler, the colors, the computer, and the bicycle wheels all together and attached it to the pirate ship, then he could make the pirate ship into a big time machine. If the pirate ship was a time machine, then they could get the treasure.

Toksh got busy and started working. The monkey even helped Toksh build the time machine. The monkey found a clock which was on the bottom of the pirate ship. They found a computer which Toksh's mama had brought with her. They found bicycle wheels that the monkey used to ride. It was a silly monkey bicycle. They put it all together, and the time machine said, "Beep, boop, beep, beep. Time machine activated."

Suddenly, the pirate ship started to go backward through time into the olden days in the distant past when the color of the sea was yellow. They went all the way to the shore. There were so many rocks and some cliffs by the shore. They looked at the treasure map, and the treasure map said that there was some treasure buried there. Toksh told the captain of the pirate ship, "We need you to dock the boat, set the anchor, and park your pirate ship right over here. Then we will go off the boat using the little rowboat that you saved, and we'll row to shore."

From the captain's boat, they rowed to shore and started hunting for the secret buried treasure. When they got to shore, they saw little dinosaurs. They had gone all the way back to the olden days. But dinosaurs are scared of monkeys, so they just brought the pirate captain's monkey with them. They finally found the hidden treasure.

Luckily, Toksh had some digging equipment with him, like buckets and shovels. He dug where the map said the treasure was and found a real-life treasure box. Toksh said, "Let's open it." Toksh's mama and dada, the captain of the pirate ship, and the monkey pulled all at once, and they held onto the handle of the treasure box and opened it up. Inside, they found a golden flying skateboard with wheels made of diamonds, a lot of jewels and treasures, and a crown.

The instructions said, "Whoever puts on this magical crown can make this flying skateboard fly." Toksh put on the magic crown and flew around the olden days island on top of all the dinosaurs, having a lot of fun. It was getting late, so Toksh's mama said it was time for them to go back in the pirate ship time machine. They went back in and sailed home, getting all the way back to the shore.

Toksh told all of his friends about the great adventure he had. He remembered to bring the golden flying skateboard with the diamond wheels and the special crown. So whenever he wanted to fly somewhere, Toksh had a way. Toksh and his family lived happily ever after. The end.