Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime. Wampies. Hello. My name is Thaksh. I'm five years old. I live in India. Gurgam. My birthday is on 17 November. I would like a story of a flying skateboard and a time machine and a pirate for my birthday. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old boy who lives in India and whose name is Toksh. Toksh is going to have a birthday on November 17, which is in just a couple of weeks, and he is going to turn six. Toksh asked for us to make up a story that includes a flying skateboard, a time machine, and a pirate. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy who is five years old and whose name was Toksh. Toksh mama and dada told him, we're going to have a birthday soon, and for your birthday, we're going to drive all the way to the ocean, and we're going to go on a ship, and we're going to ask the captain to take us on adventure. And talk said, Please, can you take me before my birthday, please? And toksh's mama said okay. And so the very next day, they got a taxi, and the taxi drove them all the way to the sea. When they got to the sea, they saw there was a little rowboat. And Toksh said, isn't this robot, like, a little bit too big if we get in the ocean? Because what if there's a tsunami? And Toksh's mom and dad said, don't worry. The captain of this rowboat is a very good captain. And the captain of the rowboat was a monkey. And Tox said, I don't think a monkey is a good captain of a rowboat. And then Toksh's mama said, Actually, the monkey is just the captain's pet. And then the captain of the rowboat had a regular person hat and was dressed like a captain, and he said he was a real captain. Yeah, so he was a real captain, but the captain just had a pet monkey. And so they got on the rowboat, and they started to row their boat in the sea. The waves were a little bit big. Yeah, but there was an earthquake, and the tsunami was coming. And Toksh said, I told you guys, so a real tsunami is coming, and a tsunami is a big, big wave. Well, just as they saw the tsunami coming, they also saw a friendly pirate ship come by them. And the friendly pirate ship said, hurry up, guys. Come on our pirate ship. And Toksh told his mom, mom, it might be a trick, because pirates sometimes trick and take things and talks. Mama said, well, let's see. And the monkey said, and the monkey looks like he knew those pirates. And the captain of the ship said, really? These are friendly pirates? And so toksh climbed up. He's talked to these pirates. Yeah. The captain of the ship met those pirates before. So they climbed up a ladder right before the tsunami could come, and they climbed up the pirate ship. And the chief pirate, the one who was in charge of all the pirates, had a patch over one of his eyes, and he had a big pirate hat that said x in the middle, and he carried a butter knife. Was he like? A good guy. And he was pretending to be a pirate so other pirates would get caught from them. Yes. And the pirate also had a parrot, which is a colorful bird that stayed on his shoulder and could even say some words. And the pirate said, the trick to get over the tsunami wave is we'll sail right towards it. And when we get very close, then I'll turn on the hidden motor in the back of the pirate ship and it'll go right over and talk. Said, okay, be careful. And the pirate said, okay. And they went over the tsunami and nothing even happened. There was just a little splash. But the pirate said to talk because you trusted me. And since you guys knew I was really a good pirate, which is why I just carried a butter knife, do you know what this pirate really loves to do? What? He loved to make sandwiches with bread. And he likes to put butter on the sandwiches and peanut butter and jelly. And also some yummy things. And that's why he carried just a butter knife, not a sharp knife. The pirate said, because you trusted me, I am going to tell you guys a secret. I buried a treasure somewhere. So you buried that treasure. Yes. And the other pirates were like, so you buried that treasure. And the captain of the pirate said yes. And here is the treasure map. And Toksh looked at the treasure map, and the treasure map said that in order to get to the treasure, you need to build a time machine. A time machine is a machine that lets people, even if they're on boats, go into the future. Like tomorrow or the day after tomorrow or into the past. And the treasure map had instructions for how to build a time machine. It said that Toksh would need to find a clock and a ruler and some colors and a computer screen and bicycle wheels. And if he used a hammer and a screwdriver and put the clock and the ruler and the colors and the computer and the bicycle wheels all together and he attached it to the pirate ship, then he could make the pirate ship into a big time machine. And if the pirate ship was a time machine, then they could get the treasure. Well, Talks got busy and started working. And the monkey even helped Talks build the time machine. The monkey found a clock which was on the bottom of the pirate ship. And they found a computer which tox mama had brought with her. And they found bicycle wheels that do you know who used to ride that bicycle? Bud. The captain of the boat? No. The monkey. It was like a silly monkey bicycle. And so they put it all together and the time machine said, beep, boop, beep, beep. Time machine activated. And suddenly the pirate ship started to go backwards through time into the olden days in the distant past when the color of the sea was yellow. There might have been. And they went all the way to the shore. There were so many rocks and some cliffs by the shore. And they looked at the treasure map, and the treasure map said that there was some treasure buried there. And Toch told the captain of the pirate ship, we need you to dock the boat, set the anchor and park your pirate ship right over here. And then we will go off the boat using the little rowboat that you saved, and we'll row to shore. Oh, from the captain's boat? Yeah, from the captain's boat. And we'll row to shore and we'll start hunting for the secret buried treasure. And when they got to shore, do you know what they saw? What? Little dinosaurs. Because they went all the way back to the old and old and olden days, and the little dinosaurs that they saw were all over. But do you know what dinosaurs are scared of? Monkeys. Dinosaurs are scared of monkeys. And so they just brought the pirate captain's monkey with them, and they finally found the hidden treasure. Luckily, Tox had some digging equipment with him, like he had buckets and he had shovels, and so he dug and he dug where the maps of the treasure was, and he found a real life treasure box. Toksh said, let's open it. Let's open it and talk. SHA's mama and dadda and the captain of the pirate ship and the monkey pulled all at once, and they held onto the handle of the treasure box and they opened it up. And do you know what they found inside, bud? What? They found a golden flying skateboard. And the skateboard that they found had wheels that were made of diamonds, and it had a lot of jewels and treasures on it. And it also had a crown inside. And it had instructions. And the instructions said, whoever puts on this magical crown can make this flying skateboard fly. And so Toksh put on the magic crown and he flew around this old and olden days island on top of all the dinosaurs and had a lot of fun. Well, it was getting late, and so Tasha's mama said, it's time for them to go back in the pirate ship time machine. And they went back in and sailed home and they got all the way back to the shore. And Tox told all of his friends about the great adventure he had. And guess what he remembered to bring with him? What? He remembered to bring the golden flying skateboard with the diamond wheels and the special crown. So whenever he wanted to fly somewhere, tox had a way and Toksh and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up it because they like it.