Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Olivia. One morning, Olivia woke up before everyone else in her family. She looked out her window and saw that it was still a little bit dark. So she tiptoed quietly to her parents' room and said, "Mom, Dad, I think you should wake up because I see some green colors in the sky." Olivia's mom and dad woke up, and they walked over to Olivia's room. Olivia pointed to the sky outside her bedroom window, and they all saw giant greenish, bluish bubbles floating in the wind without popping.

Some of the bubbles got closer and closer to Olivia's house. Most of them popped as they got near the city in Virginia where they lived. But one big, greenish, bluish bubble landed right on top of Olivia's house. It touched the chimney, and instead of popping, the bubble went around the chimney, then all the way around the roof and the whole house. After the house was inside the bubble, Olivia told her parents, "I think we're not going to have a regular breakfast like pancakes or cereal today because it's going to be a strange day." And Olivia's parents agreed.

Olivia looked out the window and saw that the bubble was changing colors from green and blue to red, yellow, and pink. At the edges of the bubble, there were little fireworks, but they didn't have real fire. They were just colorful bursts inside the bubble. Olivia could also hear music starting to play, and it felt like there was magic dust in the air, making everything float a little bit. Soon, Olivia's house started to change shape and grow, turning into a castle made of stones.

But there was still magic dust inside Olivia's castle. Olivia looked around and saw that many things were floating in the air, including all her shoes. She noticed an extra pair of shoes that weren't usually there - princess shoes! These princess shoes were really cool because they were floating in the air and doing a little dance all by themselves. Olivia's parents looked up at the castle ceiling and saw that it had real clouds floating just like outside. They also saw that the showers had little clouds on top of them, so if you wanted to take a shower, you just turned on the cloud, and it started raining on you.

The castle was full of wonderful things, including a special kid's kitchen. If kids wanted to cook treats like muffins or cupcakes, all they had to do was put one raisin in the kid's kitchen, turn something around, and a machine that looked like a washing machine would turn the raisin into a cake. Olivia and her friends loved running around the castle and making all sorts of treats for themselves.

Olivia always told the people who worked in the castle to make sure the machines wouldn't break because if a machine broke, the kids wouldn't be able to have treats. So Olivia had a special helper, a pink bear construction worker with a tool belt, a hammer, a screwdriver, and many other tools like a drill. The pink bear also had an emergency tool, a magic wand that a fairy once left him because he used to work for fairies in a fairy castle.

Olivia told the pink bear to keep an eye on the special kid's kitchen to make sure nothing broke. They were planning a big wedding for Olivia's parents, and the kids were going to help by putting flowers everywhere. The next day, Olivia woke up in her princess house, and her parents woke up in the big castle under the magical bubble. They saw that the fireworks on the edge of the bubble were still going, and birds were tweeting happily. It was the day of the wedding!

The pink bear made some final repairs to the kid's kitchen, and the kids brought lots of raisins to turn into wedding cakes. Soon, all the birds from the nearby forest came to sing at the wedding. There were parrots that copied people's songs and said, "Hip, hip, hooray," and other birds that sang the most beautiful tweet tweet songs you've ever heard. The pink bear told everyone to enjoy themselves because there was enough food for everyone.

When it was time to dance, the pink bear loved to go upside down and walk on his hands. Olivia had never seen a bear do that! There were also lots of other silly dancers because the magic dust made everyone float a little bit in the air. Everyone had so much fun dancing and floating around. Olivia and her parents lived happily ever after in their magical castle. The end.