Hey, welcome to makeup stories. My name is Olivia. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. My name is Olivia. I'm five years old. I live in Virginia. My birthday in June 17, and I would like a story about a pink bear, a house that can turn into a castle, and a wedding. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Olivia who lives in Virginia and who turns six years old tomorrow on June 17. And so we want to say happy birthday, Olivia. Happy birthday, Olivia. And Olivia asked for us to make up a story that includes a pink bear, a house that turns into a castle, and a wedding. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Olivia. Olivia woke up the first in her family one morning, and she looked out her window, and she saw that it was still a little bit dark. So she crept really quietly to her parents room, and she said, mom, dad, I think you should wake up, because I see some green colors in the sky. And Olivia's mom and dad woke up, and they walked over to Olivia's room, and Olivia pointed to the sky out of her bedroom window. And Olivia's mom and Olivia's dad saw that there really were green, round things in the sky. And Olivia said, they look kind of like bubbles, don't they? And Olivia's parents said they do, because Olivia and her parents saw giant, greenish, bluish bubbles that were floating in the wind and that weren't popping. Some of the bubbles were getting closer and closer to Olivia's house. And most of them, as they got so close to the city in Virginia where they lived, most of the bubbles would pop. But there was one bubble, a big, greenish, bluish bubble that landed right on top of Olivia's house. It poked the chimney, and instead of popping, the bubble went around the chimney, and then it went all the way around the roof, and it went all the way around the whole house. After the house was inside of the bubble, olivia told her parents, I think we're not going to be able to have a regular breakfast like pancakes or cereal today, because it's going to be a strange day. And Olivia's parents said that she was right. Well, Olivia looked out the window, and she saw that the butt bull was changing colors from green and from blue to red and yellow and pink. And if you looked at the edges of the bubble, you could see there were little fireworks, but the fireworks didn't have real fire. It was like colors that were bursting about in the bubble. And you can also see that there was some music starting to play in the bubble, and it felt like there was a kind of magic dust in the air, and everything started to float a little bit. And soon, Olivia's house started to change shape, and it started to grow, and it was replaced with stones, and it started slowly and slowly turning into a castle. And the bubble made Olivia's house change from a regular house to a castle. But there was still the magic dust inside of Olivia's castle. And Olivia looked around the castle, and she saw that a lot of things were floating in the air. All of her shoes were floating in the air, and she noticed there was an extra pair of shoes that weren't usually there. It was princess shoes. And the princess shoes were really cool because they were floating in the air, but they were also doing a little dance in the air all by themselves. And Olivia's parents looked up at the ceiling to the castle, and they saw that the ceiling had real clouds on it that would float just like it does outside. And they also saw that the showers had little clouds on top of them. So if you wanted to take a shower, you just turned on the cloud, and it started raining on you. And the castle was full of wonderful things. The most special thing was that there was a kid's kitchen. And if kids wanted to cook, like muffins or cupcakes or any kind of treat, all they had to do was put one raisin in the kid's kitchen. And then they had to turn something around. And if they turned it around, then they could see there was a kind of machine that looked like a washing machine that would turn the raisin into a cake. And Olivia and her friends used to run around the castle, and they used to make all sorts of treats for themselves. Yeah, bud. What if one of the machines broke in half? Olivia's castle had lots of special things, and Olivia always told the people that works in the castle that they needed to make sure that the kinds of machines they had wouldn't break, because sometimes if a machine breaks, then you can't use it. And let's say the machine that turned raisins into cakes broke. Then how are all the kids going to have treats? And so Olivia had a special thing that fixed things, and it was a pink bear. There was a construction worker in the castle who was a pink bear, and the pink bear had, like, a tool belt around him, and the pink Bear had a hammer, and the pink Bear had a screwdriver. And the pink Bear had lots of different tools, like a drill, in order to fix anything that got broken. The pink bear also had an emergency tool in case the regular tools didn't work. And the emergency tool was a magic wand that a fairy once left the Pink Bear, because the Pink Bear used to work for fairies in a fairy castle. Well, anyway, Olivia told the pink bear that he had to keep an eye on the special kids kitchen in the castle to make sure nothing broke, because Olivia and her friends were planning to have a big wedding and olivia's parents were going to be in the wedding, and Olivia was going to be in the wedding, and Olivia's friends were going to be in the wedding, and what they were going to do is they were going to have a marriage for Olivia's parents and the kids were going to be able to put flowers down there. And the next day, Olivia woke up in her prince's house, and her dad woke up in the prince castle as well. And Olivia's mom woke up in the big castle that was under the magical bubble. And they saw that the fireworks on the edge of the bubble were still going. And they saw that there were some birds that were tweeting. And it was a happy day. Because it was the day of the wedding, the Pink pear made some final repairs to the kids kitchen. Kids brought lots of different raisins, and they would all put so many raisins in the magic kitchen, and the thing that looked like a washing machine would turn all of them into wedding cakes. Soon, all of the birds from the nearby forest started to come in because they were going to sing at the wedding. And there were some parrots that copied people songs and said, hip, hip hooray. And there were also birds that were able to sing the most beautiful tweet tweet songs you've ever heard. Aunt. Yeah, bud, like tweeted, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet. Yeah, like that, bud. Really good birdie tweet songs. And the pink bear told everyone to enjoy themselves because there was enough food for everyone. And soon it was time to dance. Now, when it was time to dance, the pink bear loved to go upside down and walk on his hands. And Olivia had never seen a bear do that. And there were also a lot of other silly dancers, because remember the magic dust that used to go through the castle? That magic dust made you a little bit easier. And so people would do kind of floaty dances in the air, and it was a lot of fun. And Olivia and her parents lived happily ever after. The end.