Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a princess named Sohana. Sohana lived in a faraway jungle, and her castle was a treehouse. She lived in the treehouse castle with her sister Zaira, her mom, and the king of the whole jungle. Outside of her treehouse castle, there were many friendly tigers. People from different places thought that the tigers in this jungle were mean, but really, they were nice tigers. Instead of eating animals, they would hug their prey and tell them to have a nice day. If these tigers saw people, they would give them a gentle high five with their big tiger paw.

Sohana was really friendly with all of the tigers, and some of them could even talk. One of the talking tigers was named Tiggy. Tiggy tiger had been trained by Sohana since she was a little girl. Sohana taught Tiggy how to speak English because it was not easy for tigers in that jungle to speak English. Tiggy was a good student and always listened to Princess Sohana and her sister Zaira. Tiggy and the other tigers would sometimes tell stories to Sohana and Zaira. Tiggy would also help Sohana talk to other animals by translating her words for them.

One day, Tiggy told Sohana that he would give her a ride to a secret part of the forest where they were having a dance party. Sohana brought her sister Zaira with her, and they both went on Tiggy tiger for a ride. They had never been on a tiger ride before. As they marched through the forest on Tiggy's back, they passed some big bushes and a place with many beautiful flowers that could twirl and spin around. There was one flower that was so big, it was as big as an elephant. Sohana decided to call this flower an elephant rainbow flower. There was a button on the bottom of the flower, and if you pressed it while saying the secret magic password "unicorn ballet princess," the flower would sneeze and make kids laugh. Kids loved to play with the elephant flower.

Sohana and Zaira continued riding Tiggy past all of the pretty flowers until it started to rain. They were happy to be on a tiger ride because tigers are the only cats that like being wet. Most cats don't like rain and don't like going through water, but tigers, especially those that live in India, are okay with water. They can even live in swamps, which are places that have a lot of water and sometimes have frogs, turtles, ducks, birds, and alligators.

Sohana and Zaira were on the lookout for alligators, but they didn't have to worry because an alligator wouldn't attack a tiger. As they were looking around, they saw something big in the air. It looked like the biggest rainbow balloon they had ever seen. The rainbow balloon was shaped like an egg and was bigger than a house. It had red, green, yellow, blue, and orange colors on it. On the bottom of the rainbow balloon, there was a little candle with a magic twinkly sparkly fire that helped the balloon stay in the air. Next to the fire, there was a big bucket that was so big, people and tigers could fit in it. Sohana and Zaira asked if this was a real-life hot air balloon, and Tiggy said it was. So they all got inside the hot air balloon and went up into the sky.

As they were flying in the hot air balloon, they saw a lonely lion in the jungle. Tiggy couldn't play with the lion because he was in the bucket of the hot air balloon with them. So Sohana had an idea. She told Tiggy to make the hot air balloon stop, and they went back down to the ground slowly. She asked the lion if it wanted to join them, and the lion said, "thank you for sharing with me." The lion gave Sohana a high five and went into the hot air balloon with them. Sohana and Zaira said, "blastoff," and the hot air balloon went up again into the air, this time with the lion in the bucket with them. The bucket was so big that they decided it was time to have a dance party. They had a ballet dance party, and the lion and the tiger put on skirts and ballet shoes. Sohana and Zaira sang a beautiful song as the lion and the tiger danced ballet in the hot air balloon.

As they were flying in the hot air balloon, they saw some people who lived in a very rainy place with lots of water. These people could tie flowers and tree roots together to make them grow into bridges and other structures. Sohana and Zaira thought that was really special. They decided to go back home and asked their parents if Tiggy and the lion, whose name was Scar, could live with them because they were both nice, friendly big cats. To their surprise, their mom said that the lion and tiger could live with them. So Sohana and Zaira lived happily ever after with Tiggy and Scar. The end.

That's the end of the story. Thanks for listening, and remember to tell your friends about this fun story.