Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a princess named Sohana. And Sohana lived in a faraway jungle, and her castle was a treehouse. And she lived in the treehouse castle with her sister Zaira, her mom, and the king of the whole jungle. And outside of her treehouse castle, there were a lot of tigers. People from different places thought that the tigers that lived in this jungle were mean. But really, the tigers that lived in this jungle were nice tigers. The things that they liked to do is instead of eating animals, if they found a prey animal, they would jump on the prey animal and give it a hug and tell the prey animal that it was going to have a nice day. And if these tigers saw people, they also gave people a high five with their big tiger paw, and they made sure to be so gentle. 

So Sohana was really friendly with all of the tigers, and some of the tigers could even talk. Well, one of the tigers who knew how to talk was named Tiggy. And Tiggy tiger was trained by Sohana since she was a little girl. And Sohana used to always tell Tiggy tiger how to talk English because it was not so easy for tigers that lived there to speak English because all the other tigers spoke a different language. But Tiggy tiger was a good student and always listened to Princess Sohana and her sister Zaira whenever they would tell Tiggy tiger what they wanted. And the tigers and Tiggy tiger especially would sometimes tell stories to Sohana and Tiggy tiger. The other tigers could understand if Tiggy tiger spoke. And Tiggy tiger would sometimes help Sohana talk to other animals because Tiggy tiger would listen to Sohana and then translate it and tell the other animals what she meant. 

Well, one day, Tiggy tiger told Sohana that he was going to give her a ride to a secret part of the forest where they were having a dance party. And Sohana brought her sister Zaira with her, and they both went on Tiggy tiger for a ride. And they had never been on a tiger ride before. As they were marching through the forest riding on Tiggy tiger's back, they passed some big bushes, and they also passed a kind of place that had so many flowers that they had never seen before. The flowers in this place were able to twirl and spin around even though they were still in the ground. And some of the flowers in this place could get bigger and smaller even while you were looking at them. There was one flower that was so big, it was as big as an elephant. And so Hana decided to call this flower an elephant rainbow flower. And there was a button on the bottom of the flower where if you pressed it and said the secret magic password while you were pressing the button and the secret magic password was unicorn ballet princess. If you said unicorn ballet princess while pressing the button on the bottom of the elephant flower, the elephant flower would say, "ha, chew" and sneeze, and then it would make kids laugh. And kids loved to play with the elephant flower. 

Well, Sohana and Zaira kept riding the special Tiggy tiger that they were riding past all of these pretty flowers until it started to rain, and it started raining so much and it was so cloudy that they were really happy that they were in a tiger ride. Because when you're on a tiger ride and it's rainy, tigers are the only cats that like being wet. Tigers are a kind of cat that are okay with it being wet. Most cats don't like rain and don't like going through water. But some tigers, especially tigers that live in India, are okay with some water. And they could even live in swamps, which are places that have a lot of water and sometimes have froggies and sometimes have turtles and sometimes have duckies and sometimes have birdies and sometimes have alligators. 

Well, Sohana and Zaira were on the lookout for alligators, but they didn't really have to worry because an alligator wouldn't even attack a tiger. And as they were on the lookout, they saw something big in the air. It looked like the biggest rainbow balloon that they had ever seen in their entire life. The rainbow balloon was the shape of an egg, but it was such a big egg. It was bigger than a house, and it had red and green and yellow and blue and orange and so many nice colors on it. And it looked like it had so much air in it. And on the bottom of the rainbow balloon, there was a little candle. And the candle had a magic kind of twinkly sparkly fire that helped the rainbow balloon stay in the air. And right next to the fire, but a safe distance away from the heat, there was a big bucket. And the big bucket was so big, people and tigers could fit in it. And Sohana and Zaira asked if this was a real-life hot air balloon and Tiggy Tiger said that it was, so Sohana and Zaira got inside of the hot air balloon. And when they went in the hot air balloon, the hot air balloon lifted up in the sky. 

And as they were going in the sky in the hot air balloon, they saw that there was a lion who looked very lonely. And the lion was in the jungle. And Tiggy Tiger couldn't play with a lion because he was in the bucket of the hot air balloon with them. And so Sohana had an idea. She told Tiggy Tiger to make the hot air balloon stop. And Tiggy Tiger made it go back down to the ground slowly. And then she asked the lion if it wanted to go in with them. And the lion said, "thank you for sharing with me." And it gave Sohana a high five and it went in the hot air balloon with her. And then, Sohana and Zayeda said, "blastoff." And the hot air balloon went up again in the air and was full of air. This time the lion was in the bucket with them. The bucket was so big that they decided it was time to have a dance party. And the dance party that they tried to have was a ballet dance party. And so the lion put on a skirt and the tiger also tried to fit on some ballet shoes. And Sohana and Zaira decided to start singing. And they sang a beautiful song as the lion and the tiger did a ballet dance on a hot air balloon. 

As they were going in a hot air balloon, they saw that there were some people who lived in a rainy, rainy place which had so much water in it and was one of the wettest places in the world. And the people in that place were able to tie flowers together and tie tree roots together and make them grow into bridges and into different structures. And Sohana and Zaira thought that that was really special. And so Sohana and Zaira decided to go back home. And this time they asked their parents if Tiggy Tiger and the lion could live with them because Tiggy Tiger and the lion, whose name was Scar, were both nice, friendly, big cats. And to their surprise, their mama said that, yes, the lion and tiger could live with them. And so Sohana and Zaira lived with a lion and tiger happily ever after. The end. 

That's the end of the story. Thanks for listening. And remember to tell your friends about makeup stories.