Once upon a time, there is a little caterpillar named Kitty Caterpillar. And Kitty Caterpillar was such a good caterpillar. He had little caterpillar eyes and a nice fat caterpillar nosy, and big caterpillar cheeks and a good smile. But most of all, Kitty Caterpillar had so many legs. A person only has two legs and doggies have four legs. But Kitty Caterpillar had so, so many legs. And Kitty caterpillar lived on the ground. And he used to have to walk around grass, because for him, grass was so, so big, and he would have to walk over dirt on the ground. There are also lots of bugs. So Kitty caterpillar had to be so careful not to step on top of ants, because usually caterpillars are bigger than ants. And Kitty caterpillar didn't want to step on an ant and hurt it. Well, Kitty caterpillar was out on a walk one day, and he was walking over a big pile of twigs, and twigs are little sticks. When he got to the top of the pile of twigs, kitty caterpillar saw something so special. When he looked in the distance, he saw a caterpillar playground. And Kitty caterpillar said, oh, I really want to go there. So he walked down from the pile of sticks and using all of his might and so, so many legs, kitty caterpillar walked around a lot of leafs and even under a leaf tunnel. And when he went so far, he finally got to the caterpillar playground, and he saw that all of his caterpillar friends from caterpillar school were playing in the caterpillar playground. First, Kitty caterpillar decided to go to the sandbox because caterpillars really do like digging. And Kitty Caterpillar started to dig until he made a good pile of sand. And then he told his friend Mima that it's time for them to build a castle. And Mima got a little itty bitty caterpillar shovel, and they started to build the caterpillar castle. After they were done, Mima asked Kitty if Kitty Caterpillar wanted to go on the caterpillar slide. And Kitty caterpillar said yes. Kitty caterpillar went first, and when he got to the top of the slide, it looked big and he was a little scared. But Mima said you can do it. And Kitty caterpillar told himself I can do this. And then he started going down the slide. But it wasn't so slippery for him because he had so many legs, and the legs stuck to the slide. So he went slowly after he got down. And also after his friend Mima went down the slide, mima told him that they should go in the swings, and Mima said that it would be her turn first. Kitty caterpillar said that's not fair. And Mima said, but it was my idea. And Kitty caterpillar said, okay, I'll go next. And Mima said okay. And then Mima went on the caterpillar swing, and Kitty Caterpillar pushed Mima on the caterpillar swing, and she said, Too high too high. Don't push me too high because it's scary. And kitty caterpillar said okay. And Kitty Caterpillar gave Mima just little pushes on the swing. Soon. Mima caterpillar said okay, now I want to go off. And so Kitty Caterpillar helped stop the swing. And when Mima got off, kitty Caterpillar said that it was his turn, and Mima started to push him. Kitty Caterpillar was very good at caterpillar swings, so he said, Higher, higher. Push me higher. And Mima pushed Kitty Caterpillar higher until he got so high. And Kitty caterpillar said to Mima, keep pushing. And Mima gave Kitty Caterpillar big push on the swing. And when he got to the top, he jumped off from the top of the swing, and everything got sparkly and twinkly, and outside it got foggy. And suddenly Kitty caterpillar grew wings. And Kitty Caterpillar looked at his new wings and saw that they were yellow and that he could flap them so he didn't fall down from the top of the swing. Instead, he used his wings to go flap, flap, flap, and to fly. Kitty caterpillar said to himself, am I a butterfly? And he looked all around, and he said, yes. Yes, I am. I am a beautiful yellow butterfly. Hooray. And he saw in the fog there was another butterfly. And he followed the butterfly. And the butterfly went through a forest, which had a lot of trees and a lot of sticks and a lot of leaves. And then the other side of the forest, there was a butterfly road. And next to the butterfly road, there were little butterfly houses, and the whole thing floated in the air. Kitty Caterpillar had never seen a butterfly road with butterfly houses that floated in the air. And then on the road, Kitty suddenly saw a butterfly bus. And the butterfly bus had no wheels. It only had wings, and the bus could fly by, flapping the wings. Kitty Caterpillar said, oh, must be so much fun to go on that bus. And so he went for a ride on the bus, and the bus went flap, flap, fly, fly away. And Kitty caterpillar had so much fun. Well, Kitty Caterpillar flew all the way back to the playground and told his caterpillar friends that they should go on the swing because it's magic and will make them into a butterfly. And his friends did that, and they all started to play such good butterfly games. And Kitty Caterpillar and his friends lived happily ever after. The end.