Once upon a time, Nina was walking around town with her dad, Paul. And Nina's dad said, look at what I see over there. And he pointed to the clouds, and he saw that one cloud was not white, and the cloud in the sky was not gray, but it was pink, and the cloud was getting lower and lower, and it was going near the forest that was not so far from Nina and Malcolm's house. Well, Nina told her dad that they should follow the pink cloud because it looked a little bit like cotton candy, and she wanted to see where it led. So Nina went with her dad and their brother Malcolm all the way to the forest where the pink cloud fell. When they got to the forest, they saw that there were some special things. First of all, there was a waterfall. But the water in the waterfall didn't fall from the top of the waterfall to the bottom. Instead, the waterfall went backwards, and the water that was on the bottom of the waterfall went up to the top of the waterfall. And right next to the waterfall, there were some horses that had fireworks on their back. And the horses made fireworks explode into the pink clouds. And the fireworks were so many different colors, and they went bang, bang, pop, pop. And they made pretty colors in the sky. And Nina said, wow, this is a special magical pink cloud, because I never saw waterfalls that go upside down where the water goes up. I've only seen waterfalls where the water goes down, and I've never seen fireworks go from the back of horses. So she told her dad that they should keep looking through the forest. And just as she said that, she saw out of the corner of her eye, behind some trees, behind the bushes, across the little stream, she saw a princess castle. She couldn't even see the top of the princess castle because the pink cloud that fell down made it a foggy pink color. But she told her dad that they should go into the princess castle with her brother Malcolm. And so they knocked on the door of the princess castle. The door to the princess castle was big and wooden, and when they knocked, it made a sound like knock, knock, knock. And it opened up automatically all by itself. And Nina asked her dad, dad, do you think we should go in the castle by ourselves? And Nina's dad said yes. So they went in the castle with their little brother, Malcolm. And as they were walking around the castle, they saw that there were princess dresses that were just floating around by themselves. Nina and her brother Malcolm decided that they would follow the dresses and they followed the princess dresses until they found an escalator in the princess castle. They couldn't see where the top of the escalator was. And Nina asked her dad if they should go on. And her dad said, that's a good idea because Malcolm really loves escalators and he's never been on an escalator in a princess castle. So Nina and Malcolm and her dad went on the escalator in the princess castle. And the escalator kept making them go higher and higher and higher until suddenly they realized that the escalator in the princess castle took them all the way to outer space. It took them higher than the tallest building. It went higher than the tallest mountain. It went higher than the white clouds in the sky. And the escalator kept going up until they were really in outer space, past the moon. When they were in outer space, they saw at the end of the escalator there were some astronaut suits. And Nina decided to put on one of the princess dresses and to put on an astronaut suit on top of it. And Nina's dad also put on an astronaut suit, a regular astronaut suit. And her brother Malcolm found one that was a prince astronaut suit. And they started floating around outer space, and they started seeing that there were special things in outer space. Nina looked very closely, and she saw that behind the moon there was a new planet. And the new planet was made out of a very, very big apple. And she asked her dad, dad, how could there be such a big apple in outer space that it's as big as a planet? And her dad said that a long time ago, when the dinosaurs were alive, there were some trees that grew so big on Earth they grew all the way to outer space. And one of those trees, back in the dinosaur times was a kind of apple tree. And the apple must have fallen off that big ginormous apple tree that went to outer space from the Earth in the dinosaur times. And that apple was hidden behind the moon and was a new planet. Well, Nina, Malcolm and their dad started floating, using their astronaut suits all the way to the apple planet. And there was a sign right before the apple planet that said, kids that go to the apple planet turn into princes and princesses forever. And Nina said, dad, what does that sign say? And Nina's dad told her that it says they would become princes and princesses forever. And so she said, do we want to do that. And her dad said, well, it sounds like fun. And so they went on to the apple planet. And when they got onto the apple planet, they saw that there were a lot of real princes and princesses, and all of them were dancing around and doing silly dances. And there was music on the apple planet. And the music was like it was singing special songs like Wheels on the Bus and Mary Had a Little Lamb and Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star, and all of it was really good music. And right behind the apple that was in outer space that they were on, where all the kids were princes and princesses, they saw there was an outer space rainbow. And outer space rainbow led to a place where there was the king of all unicorns. And the king of all unicorns was able to jump from star to star so far away. And the king of all unicorns went to Nina, Malcolm, and their dad and said, do you guys want to have an outer space trip and visit different stars and go zoom speed fast? And they said, okay. And they went on the king of all unicorns and started zipping around space. And the king of all unicorns showed them how fun it was to go so fast through outer space and how it seemed like if they went so fast through outer space, like it went slower. And Nina and Malcolm thought that was very, very silly, and the lights looked funny and long. And then the king of all unicorns said that he had to drop them off back at the escalator that led to the princess castle. And Nina and Malcolm went to that escalator, and their dad did, too. And he said, it's time to push the button so that the escalator starts going down. And the king of all unicorns pressed the down button, and Nina and Malcolm and their dad went back down the escalator to the bottom of the princess castle. And when they got to the bottom, nina's dad looked outside and saw it was starting to get dark and the sun was setting, and they needed to go home to have dinner. And so they said goodbye to the princess castle, and they went all the way back to their house and had a yummy dinner that night. And Nina and Malcolm and their dad lived happily ever after. The end.