Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old girl named Claire. Claire was very excited because her mom told her they were going on a unicorn boat to a unicorn island. Claire had never seen a unicorn boat before because she thought unicorns had legs. How could a boat have legs? But Claire and her mom drove through Los Angeles and reached the beach. When they got there, Claire saw lots of sand, and standing on the sand was a big boat with four long legs and a big horn in front. The boat could walk on its big, four wooden legs. Claire saw that the boat really did look like a unicorn, except it didn't have eyes. So she thought maybe the boat was a robot unicorn and not really alive.

Claire's mom showed her a step stool so they could climb up into the boat. Claire and her mom climbed into the unicorn boat, and it started to walk through the sandy beach until it reached the ocean waves. When it got to the ocean waves, the unicorn boat walked into the ocean. Once it was in the ocean, it started to float. Claire asked her mom if she wanted to be the captain of the unicorn boat, and her mom said she could be. So Claire and her mom started sailing through the ocean in the unicorn boat.

Soon enough, they saw an island. Usually, islands have lots of rocks, trees, and grass. But the island Claire saw from the unicorn boat looked like it was surrounded by horns, and there was a flag on the island with a rainbow on it. Claire asked her mom what she thought was on the island, and her mom said, "I don't know. Should we go check?" Claire agreed, and the unicorn boat started using its legs to walk out of the water onto the unicorn island.

The reason the island had horns surrounding it was that it was a magic island where unicorns lived. When Claire and her mom got to the island, they used the stepladder to get out of the boat and onto the ground. They saw a small, sad unicorn crying with tears rushing down its cheeks. The unicorn's mama wasn't there to help it. Claire told her mom they needed to go to the unicorn to ask if it was okay.

Claire and her mom walked over to the little unicorn, and Claire asked, "Little unicorn, are you okay?" The little unicorn said it was trying to brush its teeth, but its toothpaste fell on the ground, and it was sad because the toothpaste was very yummy. Claire told the unicorn it was okay because her mom had an extra toothbrush. Claire's mom took out the extra toothbrush and asked the unicorn if she could clean its teeth. The unicorn agreed, and it stopped crying.

Claire's mom brushed the little unicorn's teeth, and the unicorn asked Claire if she could help find its stuffy. Claire agreed but asked the unicorn for a clue about what the stuffy looked like or where it was. The little unicorn said it left the stuffy on its bed. Claire asked where unicorns sleep, and the little unicorn said they sleep on big swings that look like hammocks. Unicorns like to swing while they sleep because the wind blowing against them gives them a little bit of magic.

The little unicorn took Claire to its sleepy swing, and they found the unicorn's stuffy. The stuffy was a pet koala bear that was also a princess because it had princess shoes, long princess hair, a crown, and a dress. The koala bear's mama was the queen of all koala bears. Claire asked the unicorn if she could hold the stuffy, and the unicorn said, "Okay, but if you hold the stuffy, it comes alive and tries to give you a big hug." Claire didn't believe it, but when she hugged the stuffy, the koala bear came alive and hugged her too.

The koala bear asked Claire if she wanted to be a princess, and Claire said yes. The koala bear held Claire's hand, and they went with the unicorn and Claire's mom back to the beach. Near the beach, there was a mermaid who would jump out of the water and play hopscotch on the horns. The pet koala princess and the unicorn told Claire that to become a princess, she had to tell the mermaid she was nice and good at sharing. Claire got shy, so her mom helped her tell the mermaid. As soon as they said it, a crown fell from the sky onto Claire's head, a princess dress appeared on her, and she found princess shoes in the sand. Claire's mom also turned into a queen, and her dad at home turned into a king.

Claire and her mom wanted to go back home to visit their dad, so they went back on the walking unicorn boat off the island, through the sea, back over the ocean to Los Angeles, and walked in the unicorn boat back to their house. Claire and her family lived happily ever after. The end.