Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Morgan, and Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi. My name is Claire. I live in ohambra, California, and I'm turning five in January 13, and I like a story about a unicorn as a pet koala that's a princess, and I like a mermaid. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Claire, who is turning five years old today on January 13, and who lives in Alhambra, California. And because today is Claire's birthday, we want to say, happy Birthday, Claire. Happy. Love it. And Claire asks for us to make up a story that includes a unicorn, a pet koala, princess, and a mermaid. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old girl whose name was Claire. Claire was very excited because Claire's mom said that they were going to go on a unicorn boat to a unicorn island. Claire had never seen a unicorn boat before because she thought that unicorns had legs. And how could a boat have legs? But Claire and her mom drove through Los Angeles and got all the way to the beach. When they got to the beach, Claire saw that there was so much sand, and standing on the sand was a big boat that had four long legs, and it had a big horn in front of the boat. And the boat was able to walk on its big, four wooden legs. And Claire saw that the boat really did look like a unicorn, except it didn't have eyes. So Claire thought that maybe the boat was a robot unicorn and not really alive. Well, Claire's mom showed her that there was a step stool so that they could climb up into the boat. And Claire and her mom climbed up into the unicorn boat, and the unicorn boat started to walk through the sandy beach until it got to the ocean waves. When it got to the ocean waves, the unicorn boat started to walk into the ocean. And once it was in the ocean, it started to float. Claire asked her mom if she wanted to be the captain of the unicorn boat, and Claire's mom said that she could be. So Claire and her mom started sailing through the ocean in the unicorn boat. Soon enough, they saw that there was an island. Usually islands have, like, a lot of rocks and trees and grass on them. But the island that Claire saw from the unicorn boat looked like it was surrounded by horns, and there was a flag on the island, and the flag was attached to the top of one of the horns, and the flag had a rainbow on it. And Claire asked her mom what she thought was on the island, and her mom said, I don't know. Should we go check? And Claire said, let's go in the unicorn boat. And the unicorn boat started using its legs to walk out of the water on top of the horns onto the unicorn island. The reason that the island had horns surrounding it is because it was a magic island where unicorns lived. And when Claire got to the island, she and her mom used the stepladder that they kept in the boat to get out of the boat and go on the ground in the island. When they got on the island, they saw that there was a unicorn, and the unicorn was so small, and it was crying, and the unicorn was so sad, and it had tears that were rushing from its little unicorn eyes down its unicorn cheeks, and the unicorn's mama wasn't even there to help it. So Claire told her mom that they needed to go to the unicorn to ask if it's okay. And Claire and her mom walked over the unicorn island to get to the little unicorn, and Claire said, little unicorn, are you okay? And the little unicorn said that it was trying to brush its unicorn teeth, but its toothpaste fell on the ground, and the unicorn was sad because the toothpaste was very yummy. Claire told the unicorn that it was okay because Claire's mama had an extra toothbrush. And Claire's mom took out the extra toothbrush, and she said, little unicorn, do you want me to use this extra toothbrush to clean your unicorn teeth? And the unicorn said, okay. And the unicorn stopped crying. Well, Claire's mama brushed the little unicorn's teeth, and the little unicorn said, claire, can you help me find my stuffy? And Claire said, okay. Well, Claire didn't know where the stuffy was, so she said, little unicorn, do you have a clue for what the stuffy looks like or where you left it? And the little unicorn said that he left the stuffy on his unicorn bed. And Claire said, well, where do unicorns really go to sleep? Where are your bed? And the little unicorn said that he sleeps on a big swing. And unicorns are able to sleep on big swings that look like hammocks. The swings are attached to two trees, and the unicorns like to kind of swing while they're sleeping and go back and forth, because sometimes kids know this. Also, if you're swinging back and forth and the wind blows against you, then you could get a little bit of magic. So the way unicorns get so much magic is, every night, they go to sleep on a swing. And the little unicorn went with Claire to its sleepy swing, and on the sleepy swing, they found the unicorn's stuffy. The unicorn stuffy was a pet koala bear, which was also a princess, because the koala bear had princess shoes and long princess hair and a princess crown and also a princess dress. And the koala bear's mama was the queen of all koala bears. Well, Claire asked the unicorn if she could hold the stuffy, and the unicorn said, okay, but if you hold the stuffy, then you know what's going to happen? And Claire said, what's going to happen? And the little unicorn said, whenever you hold the princess pet koala bear stuffy, it comes alive and tries to give you a big hug. Claire said, I don't think it's going to come alive. And she took the pet koala bear stuffy, which was a princess, off of the unicorn's bedswing, and she hugged it. And do you know what happened, bud? What? The koala bear came alive and hugged her also. And the koala bear was so happy to see Claire that the koala bear said, claire, do you want to be a princess also? And Claire said that she did. So the koala bear held Claire's hand, and the unicorn and the koala bear went with Claire and Claire's mom back to the beach. In the beach, there were those big horns that surrounded the unicorn island. And next to the beach, near the horns, there was a mermaid. And the mermaid would jump out of the water sometimes, and she would do hopscotch and skippity, skip from horn to horn jumping, even though the ends of the horns were sharp, because it doesn't hurt her, because mermaids don't even have feet, so it doesn't hurt. Well, the little pet koala princess and the unicorn said to Claire, claire, this is a mermaid. If you want to become a princess, you have to tell the mermaid that she is nice and that you are good at sharing. And Claire said okay. And she went to the Princess mermaid, and she got a little bit shy. So Claire asked her mama, mom, can you help me tell the mermaid that it's nice and good at sharing? And Claire and her mom said at the same time, mermaid, you are nice and good at sharing. And just when they said that, a crown fell from the sky and dropped right on Claire's head, and a princess dress came out of the sky and fell right onto Claire. And she saw there were princess shoes that were in the sand right next to her feet. And she put the princess shoes on, and she realized that her mom also turned into a queen, and Claire's dad at home turned into a king. So Claire and her mom wanted to go back home to visit their dad, and so they went back on the walking unicorn boat off the island, through the sea, back over the ocean to Los Angeles, and they went home, walking in the unicorn boat back to their house, and Claire and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. If your birthday is in February or March and you want me to make up a story for you, then go to the Makeup Stories Facebook page@facebook.com makeup Stories, and follow the instructions for how to submit a story. Thanks for listening.