Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a hero named Jesse. When Jesse was a baby, he was just like any other baby. But as he started to grow, he noticed that whenever he chewed on food, his teeth would turn into metal. They were like little swords in his mouth! As Jesse grew bigger, his teeth got stronger. By the time he was four years old, his teeth were stronger than daggers. Daggers are like big, sharp knives. Nobody knew about Jesse's secret power because his teeth looked normal to everyone else. Jesse also had nails that could grow really long and turn into metal, but nobody could see that either.

Jesse played like any other four-year-old when one day he saw a giant digging a big hole in the ground. The giant was planting an acorn and told Jesse that this acorn would destroy the whole planet Earth. Jesse bravely said, "Not on my watch!" He ran up to the giant and used his long, sharp nails to scratch the giant's ankle. The giant fell down but then picked up Jesse and threw him to the other side of the planet. By the time Jesse flew back, the giant was gone, and the magical acorn had started to grow.

At first, it looked like a piece of grass, but within two minutes, it grew as big as a pea vine. It kept growing and soon looked like a bush. By dinner time, the acorn had turned into a giant tree that kept growing taller and taller. During the night, the tree grew so high that it reached above the clouds. Jesse knew he had to do something because the tree could break Earth if it grew too big.

Jesse told everyone that they needed to chop the tree down before it grew all the way to outer space and tilted the Earth. The tree was so big and strong that it didn't snap in half even when it got really tall. Jesse decided to use his strong teeth to bite into the trunk of the tree and chop it down before it reached outer space and caused Earth to fly out of orbit away from the sun.

Jesse worried that the tree could grow so far into outer space that it reached a black hole, and the gravity of the black hole would pull it in. That would be a disaster! Jesse knew he had to stop this from happening, so he started biting the tree. But the tree was so strong that it felt like it was made out of titanium, the strongest metal.

Finally, Jesse had an idea. He needed the help of animals that were good at cutting trees. Jesse talked to beavers and asked people to put out beaver treats. Soon, beavers came from the lakes where they lived. Jesse also called woodpeckers, squirrels, termites, and even penguins to help.

Together, all the animals and Jesse started chopping the tree. With the help of Jesse's strong nails and teeth, they were finally able to cut the tree down. The top of the tree fell into outer space, and Earth was saved. The giant, who was trying to escape on his rocket ship motorbike, was hit by the falling tree and defeated.

To celebrate, all the animals threw a big party for Jesse. He became the mayor of the town, and they had special parties every Tuesday where Jesse got to eat cake. Jesse lived happily ever after with his big brother Jonah and the rest of his family. The end.