Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a hero whose name was Jesse. When Jesse was a baby, he was a regular baby. But as he started to get bigger, he noticed that whenever he started to chew on food, his teeth would turn into metal. And they were kind of like little swords in his mouth. And as Jesse got bigger and bigger, his teeth got stronger and stronger. And soon, when he was four years old, his teeth got so strong, they were stronger than daggers. Daggers are like big knives that are sharp and strong. And nobody knew about Jesse's secret power because when other people looked at Jesse, they just looked like regular teeth. And Jesse also had nails that could get really, really long. And the nails also turned into metal, and they were, like, very sharp, but nobody could see those.

And Jesse used to play like a regular four-year-old when one day he noticed that there was a giant who was digging a big hole in the ground. And the giant was planting an acorn in the ground. And the giant looked at Jesse and the giant said, this acorn is going to destroy the whole planet Earth. And Jesse said, not on my watch. And Jesse ran right up to the giant, and using his long, sharp nails, Jesse scratched the giant's ankle. The giant fell down. And then the giant looked at Jesse and the giant picked up Jesse in his hand and threw Jesse away to the other side of the planet Earth. By the time Jesse could fly back to where he came from, the giant was long gone. And the magical acorn that the giant planted in the Earth was starting to grow.

At first, it looked just like a piece of grass, but then pretty quickly, like, within two minutes, that piece of grass got as big as a pea vine. And then it got bigger and bigger and looked like a bush. And then by the time it was dinner time, that one acorn turned into a giant tree. And the tree was still growing, and the tree was getting bigger and bigger and bigger. And during the night, the tree got so high up that it went on top of the clouds. Jesse had to figure out what to do because the tree was big enough that it could break Earth. But if the tree breaks out Earth, then the good thing is the tree is going to die with no soil or somewhere. Yeah. Jesse was worried that the giant had said that that acorn was going to destroy the earth. And so Jesse told everybody that they needed to chop the tree down before the tree would get so big, it would go all the way to outer space and tilt earth that high.

I bet that would be enough that it was like a mile long. It got even more than a mile high. It got a mile, like, long at the stump. Oh, yeah. So it was really big, and it was made of this strong material, which is why it didn't just snap in half when it got really tall. But Jesse decided he needed to use his teeth, which were so strong, to bite into the trunk of the tree, to chop it up before it went all the way into outer space and then lifted up the whole earth and made it fly out of orbit away from the sun. Because if that happened, then the planet earth would just be flying through space and it wouldn't be next to the sun is.

What if that's flying away because the tree wouldn't be just doing that? What if the reason for it is a black hole? Yeah, there could have been all sorts of things. Like that tree could have gone so far into outer space that it got all the way to a black hole, and the gravity of the black hole kind of pulled it in. And that would be a disaster. So, Jesse, the only thing that could stop it is the sun. The sun would probably burn it up. So Jesse started to use all of his might if the sun has enough gravity to stop the black hole. That's true. The sun's gravity could counterbalance against the gravity of a black hole if the tree started going into it. But Jesse was on earth, and he needed to make sure this disaster didn't unfold. So he started biting the tree. But really, this tree was so strong, it wasn't made of regular, like wood, which Jesse's teeth could bite into easily. The tree was so strong, it almost felt like it was made out of titanium. And then titanium is the strongest metal, and it can also survive where the very hot temperature is.

Yes. So finally, Jesse had an idea. And Jesse, he knew the only way to save the world was not even through his so strong teeth or his titanium. There is stuff that melts it just the very few. That's right. So Jonah's idea for how to save the world was he needed to figure out how to get the help of a lot of animals that are specializing in cutting trees. And so Jesse got what can Jonah talk to beaver I mean, Jesse talked to beaver. Yes. So Jesse started telling all of the people to put out beaver treats, and they started getting, like, a bunch of beaver treats. And all of the beavers came from the lakes where they lived. In around there, right next to that huge acorn tree. And then Jesse also started doing bird calls and got woodpeckers to come, and he also got squirrels to come help. And all of the animals in the world that are good at cutting trees, including termites and different kinds of insects, all of them banded together? Yes. But did they call penguins? Because penguins, when the termites go in, the penguins dig into the tree to get them? Yes, they also called penguins.

And together, all of the animals in the earth that are good at this got around the tree and started chopping. And with the help of Jesse's strong nails and his teeth, the animals of the earth and Jesse were finally able to chop the tree off. And the top of the tree fell into outer space. And luckily the earth maintained its. And as the giant was running away, getting away in his motorbike, he looked at it, it was bigger than usual right before he died, he looked back and was like, oh, buddy. Yeah, the giant was in outer space, and the tree fell on the giant while the giant was driving away in outer space with his rocket ship motorbike. And so Jesse was the last what he ever saw said, and then Jesse saved the world.

And so all of the animals threw a big party for the people. And Jesse was the mayor of the town, and they started making special parties every Tuesday for Jesse, and he got to have cake at each one of those parties. And Jesse lived happily ever after with his big brother Jonah and the rest of his family. The end.