Welcome to baked up stories. Welcome to make DAP stories. My name is Scarlett. My name is Scarlett. Baked up stories is the beast podcast. Makeup stories is the beast podcast ever. Tell your friends. Tell your friends. My name is Scarlett. What else? I'm nearly five. I live in the cargo, New Zealand. Can I please have a story about a Sampit, a trampoline, and a swing? Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Scarlett, who turns five years old tomorrow on February 27. And so we want to say happy birthday, Scarlett. Happy birthday, Gigi. Happy double birthday, Scarlet. And Scarlett lives in invercargill New Zealand with her brother Edward, who is seven years old. And Scarlett asked for us to make up a story that includes a sandpit, a trampoline, and a swing. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Scarlett. Scarlett was sitting down in the living room with her mom, and Scarlett's mom was reading a book. But as they were reading the book, scarlett heard a big sound on the roof. And she said, mom, what was that noise on the roof? And Edward told Scarlett that they should go outside to go check. So Scarlett and Edward walked outside, and their mom got a broom to try to get something down from the roof. It was too high up. And so Scarlett and Edward told their mom that she needed to get a ladder to climb up to the top of the roof. And Edward and Scarlett's mom got a ladder and started climbing up the ladder to the top of the roof. When she got to the top of the roof, scarlett's mom saw that there were some trampoline shoes. The trampoline shoes must have fallen out of an airplane, and they landed on the roof and were still bouncing. Because trampoline shoes are so bouncy, if a person wears trampoline shoes, then even if they're a kid, they could jump as high as a grown up. And if you get a good pair of trampoline shoes, then kids could jump as high as a tree. Not a redwood tree or the tallest kind of tree, but like a little tree or a baby tree or even a grown up tree or a teenager tree that is not so big. So trampoline shoes are really good. And Scarlett's mom took the trampoline shoes down from the roof, and she said, scarlett and Edward, you guys got lucky because a plane dropped these trampoline shoes trampoline shoes on our house. So Scarlett and Edward put on their trampoline shoes, and they saw that they were so bouncy. Scarlett went first, and the first thing she did was she jumped all the way onto her roof. And then Scarlett jumped from her roof all the way down to the grass, and Edward was also jumping as high as a little tree. They were so jumpy that everyone from invercargill came to watch scarlett and edward do the jumpy bouncy show with their trampoline shoes. As scarlett was jumping so high, she saw something in the distance, and it looked like a big sandpit. So scarlett went and started jumping with edward, and scarlett and edward's mom, she had to drive a car because that's how fast scarlett and edward were able to jump using their trampoline shoes down the road, all the way past the river and near the sand pit. The sandpit that they got to said, you need a ticket to get in. And scarlett asked edward if he had any ticket, and edward said no. And scarlett told the big spider who was in charge of the sandpit that they didn't have any tickets. The spider said that he was a friendly spider, and they could go into the sandpit anyway. So scarlett and edward took off their trampoline shoes, and they put it at the side of the sand pit, and then they went in. Once they were inside the sand pit, scarlett saw that if she dug a little, she would find a robot. So scarlett and edward dug just a little bit in the sand, and they found a sand robot. Sand robots are the kinds of robots that build sandcastles for kids. It was scarlett's first time seeing a sand robot. The way that you tell a sand robot how to build a castle is like this. You say, robot sandcastle builder, do what I say, and then the robot sandcastle builder will drive around the sand pit and then will say, what do you say? And scarlett and edward told the robot sandcastle builder that the robot sandcastle should build a tall castle, and the castle should have a lot of windows and a lot of doors and a special parking garage for flying cars. And the robot sandcastle builder said, okay. And its secret bulldozer came out of the front, and it got its magical bucket. And scarlett and edward watched as the robot sandcastle builder built the best kind of sandcastle real castle. And scarlett asked the robot if it could make a real flying car go into the sandcastle that it built. And the robot said they would have to go to a different place, because no flying cars live in sand pits, and it's not even a really good place for them to park, because flying cars want to park in places where they could flap their wings. And scarlett and edward said, okay, and they put on their trampoline shoes again. And scarlett and edward started to jump up and down with their trampoline shoes. And as they were jumping up and down, scarlett saw that there was a big swing. Swings are really fun if you have trampoline shoes, because if you have trampoline shoes, you could make the swing go speed fast. So scarlett told edward they should go to the big swing, and they started jumping through the forest on top of trees as birds flew by them, and they finally got to the magical swing. The magical swing was hanging from a big palm tree, and it was hanging from one side on a palm tree and the other side on a coconut tree. And the coconut tree was also a grape tree. And the coconut tree had when you touched it, you kind of chose what you wanted the tree to grow, and it could grow coconuts or it could grow grapes or it could grow apples or it could grow hot dogs. But for the tree to grow hot dogs, it had a secret button that was under the bark, so it was hard to find. But on the tree was hanging a big magical swing. And the big magical swing was made of a kind of spider web that isn't sticky and that kids like. It's almost like playdoh or silly putty, but it feels more like a rubber band. And on the special spider web swing, there was a big rabbit who had a purple ear. And the rabbit with a purple ear was eating some strawberries as he was swinging on the spider web swing, which was hanging between the two magic trees. And the rabbit with the purple ear said, scarlet, Edward, what are you doing here? And Scarlett and Edward said that they were bouncing around with their trampoline shoes, and they saw that in the distance there was a fun swing and that they wanted to go. Well, the rabbit with the purple ear said you could have a turn. And Edward got to go on the magical swing, and scarlet got to go on the magical swing. And Scarlett and Edward were swinging so high, they could get as high as an airplane. And it wasn't even scary because they had trampoline shoes. So if they fell, all they would do is bounce, and it wouldn't hurt. And Scarlett was so happy, and Edward was so happy. But they saw that it was starting to get dark, and they realized that their mom was driving, trying to catch up to them. So Scarlett and Edward used their trampoline shoes to bounce all the way home, and they said bye to the rabbit with the purple ear on it, and they stopped by the sandpit, and they said goodbye to the nice robot that builds sandcastles and also to the friendly spider. And when they got home, there, mom was so happy to hear their adventures. And Scarlett and Edward lived happily ever after. The end. Hi. Thank you for listening to Makeup story. Tell all your friends to listen to makeup Stories. Thank you.