Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Vadant. It was after dinner, and Vedant decided to help his parents wash the dishes with soap and water. So he got a little stool to step on, and he put the stool right in front of the kitchen sink. And then Vadon climbed up on the stool, and he helped turn on the sink, and water started to come out. The water that came out of the sink that day was not regular water. The water was made up of a special kind of water sand. The water sand was a colorful kind of sand. When you touched it, it felt like water. But when you looked at the water sand, it looked like colorful sand. Vadon asked his parents if he could clean the dishes using the new kind of water sand. And Vaidon's parents said that it was okay. 

So Vedant rolled up his sleeves so his sleeves wouldn't get wet from the splishes and the splashes. And he picked up a dish, and he put it under the water. While the dish was getting cleaned by the colorful Sandwater, he decided that he would make all of the colorful water go in a cup. So he took a cup from the bottom of the sink, and he put it right under the sink. And the colorful Sandwater filled up the cup. After he filled up the cup, he decided that he would spill it into a bowl that was in the sink. So Vedant picked up the cup of colorful Sandwater, and he poured it into a bowl. When he poured it into a bowl, Vedant asked his mom if he could use a spoon to mix it around. And Vedant's mom said okay. 

So Vedant started to mix around the colorful, sandy water in the bowl. As he mixed it around more and more, a jellyfish started to appear. It was a rainbow-colored jellyfish, and it had four legs just like a kitty cat. The jellyfish came out of the rainbow-colored Sandwater, and he was holding an umbrella. The jellyfish walked right out of the bowl and climbed up the sink. And then when he was on top of the sink where the water comes out, the jellyfish said, "Wait, stop." And Vedant asked why he should stop. And the walking jellyfish held up his umbrella, and he said, "Vedant, you found the magical water that's in the middle of the earth. That is a special kind of water where if you pour it from a cup into a bowl, then it makes things come true." And Vedant said, "Well, how does it work and where does it come from?" 

And the rainbow jellyfish started twirling his umbrella between his jellyfish hands and he started to jump around in the kitchen and he said, "Vedant, follow me and I'll tell you." And the jellyfish walked with Vaidon all the way to Vaidant's bathtub. And when he got to the bathtub, Vadant said that under the ground there's some secret kinds of pools of water and it's under like deserts and sandboxes and stuff like that. Under it there's a kind of colorful water that looks like sand, but when you touch it, it feels like water. And that's the kind of water that was responsible for all of the animals in the world being born. Not like the animals today, but like their parents' parents' parents' parents, like their real grandparents' grandparents. Those were born through the colorful sand and they came out of the ground. Well, at least that's what the jellyfish told Vadon. 

But the jellyfish really wanted to take a bath with Vadant. And Vadon's mom and dad came up and they saw the walking jellyfish. And Vadant told them that the jellyfish was in the sink before and when he poured the colorful Sandwater from the cup to the bowl, it came out and it wanted to go take a bath. But Vadon's dad said it's not time to take a bath now. First, we need to do the laundry. So Vadon got to bring some of his dirty clothes all the way to the washing machine. But guess what? When he put his clothes in the washing machine, the jellyfish went in too. And then Vaidon's mom, before seeing that the jellyfish was in the washing machine, turned the washing machine on. At first, Vadon was worried that maybe the jellyfish would get a boo-boo in the washing machine or something. But he saw that right when his mom turned on the washing machine, all of the water in the washing machine turned into that colorful kind of sand and the clothes were getting really clean. It was amazing. The colorful kind of water sand when it was in the washing machine made the clothes even cleaner. And the laundry was done in like 2 seconds. 

And as Vadant picked it up out of the washing machine with his parents' help, he saw that the clothing was folding by itself. It was almost like there was a ghost there. But then Vedant saw that it was really the colorful walking jellyfish who was like sneaking under the shirts and the pants and stuff and helping to fold them after they got out of the washing machine. And then the walking jellyfish went and he blew on the clothing and it got dry automatically. Then Vaidon asked his parents if now he could have a bath with the colorful walking jellyfish. And Vaidon's parents said, okay, well, Vedant went with his parents and the colorful walking jellyfish all the way to his bathtub. And he turned his bathtub on all by himself. And that colorful kind of sandy water went into the bathtub and started to fill it up while Vadant was getting ready for his bath. And he got like a kind of boat to play with in the bath. And when water started to go in the boat, the colorful sandy water, Vadant could hear it goot. And suddenly the boat that he played with in the bath turned into a monster truck boat. The monster truck boat was good at floating in the water. And while Vadon was playing in the bath, the monster truck had kind of like a water gun in front of it that whenever you went vroom vroom, it squirted out some water. And it was that kind of colorful sandy water. So it was a lot of fun. 

And then Vadon saw that the bath wasn't all the way full yet, so he asked his parents if he could turn on the water even more. And his parents said, okay. But before Vadon could do it, the magical colorful jellyfish got up right to the top of the bath and turned it on full blast. When he turned the bath on full blast, you could see like kind of rockets that were coming out of the faucet from the bathtub and going in the bath. And the rockets were going around in circles under the colorful water and they were making bubbles. So it was kind of like a colorful, bubbly sandy bath. And the sand felt like water rather than a regular one. And it was the funnest bath that Vadon ever had. When Vaedon's parents needed to do, like shampoo and conditioner, it was really silly because it didn't even get in the eyes, because when the walking jellyfish saw that Vadant was doing shampoo and stuff, it just covered Vadon's eyes so that the kind of shampoo and conditioner couldn't go in. 

After the bath was over, Vadon watched the colorful sandy water go in circles down the drain. But even though the water went away, the jellyfish was still there and the colorful rockets were still there. And the monster truck toy was there. And the jellyfish told Vedant that he could keep him as a pet and he could use the monster trucks and rockets as toys for future baths. And Vadant said thank you. And Vadant and his family lived happily ever after. The end.