Once upon a time, long time ago, there was a three-year-old girl whose name was Cheyenne who had a special friend whose name was Jethro. Cheyenne and Jethro lived in Lafayette, California, and they used to love to play a lot of special games. Like if their mom was reading a book, then they used to play a pointing game where they would try to point to the pictures in the book. And whoever could find a picture that had a basket first was the winner. And sometimes Cheyenne won, and sometimes Jethro won. And sometimes there was no basket in the picture in the book, and they would have to touch birdies instead.

Well, one day, Cheyenne and Jethro's mom was starting to read a special book. It was getting late, and as their mom was reading the special book, they started to get tired. And Cheyenne said, "Look, I'm not going to close my eyes." And just as she said that, she closed her eyes a little bit and started to have a dream.

In Cheyenne's dream, it was very cold and there was so much snow and so much ice all over the ground. Cheyenne was inside of an igloo. It was a real-life igloo, and she was on the North Pole, and Jethro was there with her. Cheyenne and Jethro were saying, "Brr, brr. It's so cold on the North Pole in this igloo." And then they had an idea to say, "I want a blanket." And nothing happened. But then they decided to try something silly. Cheyenne put her hands on Jethro's head, and Jethro put his hands on Cheyenne's head. And do you know what happened when they put their hands on each other's heads? They started to say, "Blankie. Blankie. We need a green blankie." And the igloo started to change colors. And instead of just being snow white, the igloo changed to be rainbow-shaped, rainbow-colored. And there was a rainbow on top of the igloo, and a blankie appeared, and the blankie was green. Cheyenne said, "Let's call this Greenie Blankie."

And the blanket was really special because the blanket, once you wrap the blanket up on you, do you know if you stayed cold, you got warm? Yes, you got warm right away. And even if the blankie wasn't on, let's say your feet or your tootsies or something, even that part would get warm. It was a special kind of blanket where you only needed to put a little bit on you, and then your whole body would get hot again. So Cheyenne and Jethro shared the blankie.

Soon they decided they wanted to go out of the igloo and explore the North Pole. So Jethro and Cheyenne got on a ride on the blankie, and the blankie started to fly them. Well, Cheyenne and Jethro decided to fly around on the blankie, and the blankie said, "Do you guys want to go on a sled ride?" And do you know what they said? They said, "Yes. Yes. Yippee." And the blanket turned into a blanket sled. And they got to go down a little hill in the North Pole.

At the bottom of the hill, they found a big, big pile of presents. The pile of presents was so big, it was as big as a mountain. It was even bigger than a tall building. And it had so many presents all over. And there was an old person near it that had a beard. And the old person with a beard was looking at all of the presents and writing things down on a list. Cheyenne and Jethro said, "Who is that person? Who is that person?" And they didn't know. But we don't know, because they didn't go up to ask.

Luckily, just as they were thinking of going up to ask, a chicken started hopping through the snow. Usually, chickens don't live in the North Pole because it's too cold for them. But the chicken came up to Cheyenne, and it came up to Jethro, and it told them that it used to share the magic blanket, and that's how the chicken stayed hot and was able to live on the North Pole. And the chicken asked if he could go for a sled ride on the blanket as well. Cheyenne and Jethro said, "Okay."

So they all started to go down a snowy hill away from the big pile of presents and toys, and they started to go to the lake at the bottom. When they got to the lake at the bottom, they saw there was a part that was bubbling and that was not frozen. Why? Because there was some hot lava under the lake, so it kept the water boiling and bubbling, even though it was the North Pole. Most of the North Pole is really cold. But this particular point of the North Pole had a little bit of magma and some lava under it, and so it made like bubbles in the water. It made the water boil a little bit, like if you're cooking noodles. It was kind of like that.

Cheyenne and Jethro were saying, "We don't want to go because there's still a lot of snow." But do you know what the magic blanket said? "We could go," because the magic blanket, whose name was Greenie, knew how to float, and he started floating right over the lake, and it wasn't even hot because the magic blanket, just as he can make you hot if you're cold, if it's too hot, it makes it colder for you. So the magic blanket was able to fly right over the lava and right over the magma of the bubbliest part that was boiling, just like if you're cooking noodles at home in a pot and the white steam, which looks like smoke, comes out. And it didn't even make Cheyenne or Jethro hot at all because the magic blanket named Greenie was special.

Well, they floated on the blanket to the other side of the lake, and on the other side of the lake, they saw that there were some reindeer. And the reindeer were looking around for berries, but they couldn't find any berries. There was a Santa reindeer. Well, they didn't ask, so they didn't know. But they were starting to get some clues with the wet nose reindeer in front. But should I tell you what they started to see? That the reindeer were eating a kind of berry from a tree called a stormtrooper berry. A stormtrooper is kind of like a robot soldier that could have a gun and even be bad sometimes. But this was a mini version that was growing as a berry. It looked not like a strawberry, and it didn't look like a blueberry, and it didn't look like a blackberry. This was a special kind of berry growing on a bush that was the shape of a person stormtrooper. But it didn't taste like a person or like meat or anything like that. It tasted like a berry, and it almost tasted like have you ever had a Gummy Bear? Gummy Bears are very yummy. And that's the only kind of berry this Stormtrooper Gummy Bear berry. That the special chicken and the reindeer like to eat.

Well, the reindeer were having a num, num, num, yummy yummy time chomping on the Gummy Bear stormtrooper berries. And the chicken was sharing also because they're good at sharing on the North Pole when suddenly Santa can no. Cheyenne and Jethro decided they would go back and see if Santa was there by the big pile of toys. And they walked all the way up to the big pile of toys. And do you know what they saw? Santa? No. They saw somebody flying away on a big sled with some toys attached to it, but they couldn't see who it was. They couldn't see. It was too far away. And to this day, they don't know. But they did see somebody in the North Pole who had some toys on a sleigh that was floating through the air. And there were reindeers which were eating Gummy Bear shaped stormtrooper berries, and they were saying, "Num, num, num," and flying in the direction of kids' houses.

So Cheyenne and Jethro went back home and they told their mom about what they saw. And she said, "That is very interesting." And Cheyenne and Jethro lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to the lesson to make up because they like it.