Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived two kids named Jonah and Jesse. It was a big day for Jonah and Jesse because there was going to be a big race in town with all of the rabbits. Some of the rabbits were going to bring little rabbit bicycles to the race, and some of the rabbits were going to bring pogo sticks that they could hop on. There were also some rabbits that had skateboards. All of the rabbits were going to start at the starting line, which was at one end of the street. The people who were organizing the race put a red carpet on the street. At the end of the race, there was a pile of carrots. All of the rabbits were trained so that they knew how to ride bikes, go on skateboards, and use pogo sticks. There was a bell that was going to ring, and then the rabbits would start to race.

Well, there was a big crowd, and there were also different booths that had fair food like cotton candy, big pretzels, and hot dogs. Those booths were where they gave out the prizes. But when the race started, there was a big commotion because one of the rabbits in front, his bicycle crashed into a different rabbit that was on a skateboard. The rabbit that was on a skateboard fell down and got a boo-boo and started to bleed. But he decided that he still wanted to win the race. So he got back on his skateboard and started racing. Just like Jonah had a race today and he won the race even though he fell down. Well, the rabbit that was on the skateboard decided to still go even though it had a boo-boo. And it ended up winning the race. But when it got to the end of the race, it was so happy because of the big pile of carrots at the end of the race. It started munching on the carrots, and then all the other rabbits that were on the bicycles and pogo sticks started getting to the finish line, too. All of the rabbits were munching on so many carrots in the carrot pile.

Finally, after all the rabbits ate so many carrots, they found that there was a treasure box under that big pile of carrots. The people who were watching were all surprised by the treasure box because they didn't know if maybe the race organizers put it there or if it magically appeared. One of the rabbits opened the treasure box, and when the rabbit went into the treasure box, it just disappeared. Then another rabbit tried to get that first rabbit out, but when it went in the treasure box, it also disappeared. The people weren't sure what to do, and all of the kids were very curious because the treasure box was made of gold and it was very shiny. They had never seen a treasure box that would make something disappear when you went inside it.

Jesse and Jonah went all the way to the treasure box, and they looked in the treasure box. They saw that there was a mirror at the bottom of the treasure box, and when they looked in it, it had their own reflection. There was also a gem that was right on top of the mirror, and it was a green gem and very shiny. Jesse said to Jonah that they should get the gem, but Jonah said to Jesse that they didn't want to get caught in the treasure box and disappear also. So that's when Jesse said, "Oh, I have an idea. How about we use a spoon?" They went over to one of the vendors, one of the people that was selling food, and they asked if they could borrow a plastic spoon. They put the spoon in the treasure box, but when they put the spoon into the treasure box, Jesse's whole body turned into plastic, just like the same color as the plastic spoon. And because he was holding on to Jonah, Jonah also turned into plastic. They couldn't move anymore, and they were all stuck.

Steve and Amanda saw that Jonah and Jesse turned into plastic because they put the spoon in the treasure box. They were like, "Oh no, now what should we do?" They knew they couldn't touch Jonah and Jesse because if they touched them, then Steve and Amanda might turn into plastic also. So they had to figure out a way to get Jesse and Jonah to turn real again without turning into plastic themselves. Steve said, "How about we go right next to the treasure box, and we blow very hard on Jesse and Jonah so that they won't be attached to the treasure box. They'll fall over because the wind from our mouth will push them down. And then maybe after they're not attached to the treasure box, they'll not be plastic anymore, and they'll turn back into regular people." Steven and Amanda started to blow as hard as they could on Jesse and Jonah. But what happened was, when Steve and Amanda started to blow, they blew out cold, snowy air, and it just turned into snow as it went on Jesse and Jonah, and the plastic just got wet and snowy. So that first idea didn't work.

Then Amanda said, "Oh, well, I have another idea for how to get Jesse and Jonah to not be plastic anymore. How about we ask some of the rabbits?" It was just someone who tricked them because they were actually not plastic. They were just covered in plastic. So Jesse wanted to tell his mom that really they were still there inside, and they were regular people. They were just covered in plastic. But he couldn't talk because the plastic was on top of his mouth, so he couldn't even open or close his mouth. And so he wasn't even able to talk to his parents. Jesse's whole idea was that his mom would get a shovel to so many shovels to shove the plastic off, like, shove the plastic off, and then the shovel turns into the basket, but then mom lets go of it, and then they keep doing that. So Jesse really wanted to tell his mom that he had an idea of her getting a shovel and then using the shovel to push him off of the treasure box. But he couldn't talk, so he couldn't even tell his mom that idea.

Finally, Amanda thought of a good idea. She said, "Oh, remember that gem that's inside the treasure box? Maybe we could test out a trick to see if the gem could make Jesse and Jonah not be plastic." But she was afraid that if she touched the gem, then she would fall into the treasure box and disappear. So she looked at the gem, and while she was looking at the gem, she said, "Magic, magic. Make the rabbits come back." Just as she said that, the rabbits that fell into the treasure box hopped right out of the treasure box. That's when Amanda knew that whatever you wished for from the magical gem, it became real. So Amanda said, "Magic, magic" to the magical gem. She said, "Magic, magic, make Jesse and Jonah not be plastic anymore." Just as she said that, Jesse and Jonah stopped being plastic and they became regular people. The spoon that they were using just fell down, and that's how Amanda got Jesse and Jonah to be regular people again.

After Jesse and Jonah were regular people, they were so happy that they decided to have some cotton candy. And then Jesse told his mom that they were just covered in plastic. They decided that the next time they found a treasure box, they would be even more careful. Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.