Tonight's makeup story is a request for my son Jonah. And Jonah asked for me to make up a story about a dragon and a horse and a birthday cake. About dragon, a horse, and a birthday cake. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Jonah. It was the morning time, and Jonah was eating some cereal for breakfast. There was some milk that was already in the bowl, and he poured some Lucky charms on top of the milk. Some of the milk splashed out of his bowl, but he told everyone that it would be okay. And then Jonah used his spoon to mix the lucky charms in his bowl of cereal. And as he started to mix the bowl of Lucky charms, jonah saw that there was a unicorn lucky charm and also a dragon and the unicorn and the dragon lucky charm. Well, they started to kind of swim in the milk. It wasn't just that the spoon was mixing up the unicorn and the dragon lucky charm. Once you started mixing them, they were swimming by themselves. And soon the unicorn and dragon lucky charm got up out of the bowl and they started to walk right next to Jonah's bowl of cereal. When they started to walk, Jonah looked at them, and Jonah looked very closely, and he saw that they were starting to get bigger. And the unicorn got bigger and bigger until it was about the size of a kitty cat. Well, the dragon one was made of marshmallow, and it got even bigger until it had to step off of the table where Jonah had his bowl of soup. And the dragon started to walk around Jonah's house. And soon Jonah's little brother Jesse saw the dragon, too. And soon Jonah called his mom and dad and told them that a dragon walked out of the bowl of lucky charms. Jonah's dad looked at the dragon and he saw that it looked friendly and that it was made of marshmallow. The dragon was a red marshmallow dragon, and it had a stripe that was a white stripe that went all the way from its dragon nose all the way on top of the dragon head and in middle of the dragon back all the way to its tail. And Jonah's dad, Steve, said, jonah, why don't you try to ride the dragon? And Jonah said okay. And Jonah climbed on the dragon, and Jonah said, mom and dad, the dragon is starting to go to the front door. And the dragon curled up its wings so it fit through the hall, and it put its mouth on the doorknob, and the dragon opened up the front door, and the dragon went outside. When the dragon got in front of Jonah's house and Jonah was on top of the dragon, jonah knew it was about to take off and fly, and he told his parents that he's not strapped in. And Jonah saw that there was actually a marshmallow seatbelt attached to the dragon's back. So he pressed the button and the marshmallow seatbelt came out of the dragon and it attached onto Jonah. And then there was a steering wheel that came out of the dragon's back. And Jonah started using the steering wheel to steer where he wanted the dragon to go. And the dragon opened up its wings and it said, take off. And then it blew some fire on the ground, and it took off in the sky on top of snow qualmy ridge. And the dragon was flapping its wings until it flapped all the way to Seattle. And when Jonah got to Seattle, he saw that there was an emergency in Seattle. All of the cars in Seattle had disappeared, and everyone who was in a car was now on top of a horse. And it was like Seattle went back to the olden days. No cars. Not so much electricity, but enough for cars and some light bulbs. And the cars didn't look like cars because all of the cars that used to be in Seattle turned into toy cars. The only thing people could use to get around were the horses. While Jonah was flying on the marshmallow dragon on top of the Seattle, when suddenly all of the horses saw him and they started to get scared. And Jonah knew why they were scared. The horses were scared because they saw a dragon. And so Jonah wanted to shout and say, don't be scared. It's just a marshmallow dragon. But Jonah couldn't shout loud enough because he was still in the sky and the horses were on the ground. So finally, Jonah had an idea. Jonah told the marshmallow dragon that it should land right next to Seattle on a big boat. And then Jonah got out of the boat, and all of the horses had calmed down, and the horses weren't scared of the dragon anymore because they didn't see it. So Jonah told the dragon that it should put on a big raincoat so that it would be hard for people to tell that it was really a dragon. And he also told the dragon that it should put on a mask, and the mask should be a unicorn mask, and it'll have a horn coming out of it. And the dragon said, that's a good idea. So they got a very big raincoat, and they also got a unicorn mask with a horn in it. And then when they got to the streets of Seattle with the dragon that was made of marshmallow dressing up as a unicorn, all of the horses were so happy because they thought a unicorn was there. And unicorns are a kind of king or queen of horses. They're the ones that are in charge in horse kingdoms. And so all of the horses were so happy. And Jonah went right next to the dragon, and he told the dragon, who is dressed up as a unicorn, to ask the horses in horse language where all the cars went and how they turned into horses. So the dragon said, Nay, nay, nay to the horses. And the horses replied the answer to the question. And they said, N. And then the marshmallow dragon that was dressed as a unicorn with a raincoat and a pretend unicorn horn told Jonah that what happened was the sea around Seattle, the whole ocean, it turned into some milk. And there were some lucky charms that were all over the ocean and it seemed like there was a big giant who was pouring so much milk into the ocean. And then there was a giant that had a spoon and was turning the ocean around and all the lucky charms were mixing up in the ocean and that suddenly all of the cars started getting little and turning into toy cars. And suddenly horses started to come out of the trees and the horses would walk out of the trees and it was very strange because they didn't look like they could even fit in the trees. Well, that was the answer to the mystery. Jonah figured it out when he poured lucky charms that morning at his house for breakfast. There was a giant in the sky that was spying on him, looking through his window and deciding to be a copycat. And the giant in the sky saw that Jonah had lucky charms and so he poured so much milk and lucky charms into the ocean and wanted to make it into his cereal. So Jonah flew back home on the magic marshmallow dragon and he told his parents that they should never have Lucky Charms again. And Jonah and his family lived happily ever after. The end.