Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old boy named Sylvan. Sylvan had just turned four, and he had a little birthday party because it's important to have a birthday party when it's your birthday. Sometimes at birthday parties, you get to have a birthday cake, or you could have a birthday muffin or a birthday cupcake, and you should, I think, have candles on the cake. If you're four, then you can have four candles. Or you could have one candle that says four, and you're supposed to light the candles, which have a little bit of fire on them, and then you get to blow out the candles, and it's a lot of fun.

Well, Sylvan blew out the candles to his birthday cake, and after he blew out the candles, he heard some aliens coming down from space. The aliens were coming down in big spaceships that looked a little bit like eggs. The spaceships that looked like eggs that the aliens were in were colored yellow. They all started landing on Sylvan's roof and all over his house. One of the aliens came out of his yellow egg, and the alien said to Sylvan, "Do you want to go to outer space with me because there's a planet that is made up of sharks?" Sylvan asked his dad and his mom, "Can I go?" Sylvan's parents said yes. That's okay. So Sylvan's mom went with Sylvan in the yellow alien spaceship. The alien took Sylvan and his mom all the way to outer space.

When they got to outer space, they saw there really was a planet where there were sharks. The sharks were able to swim around outer space all by themselves. The sharks used to have pet doggies. The pet doggies, the sharks taught them how to swim underwater, and they also had leashes. The sharks would swim in outer space, holding on to their pet doggies that had leashes. Sylvan and his mom were in the yellow alien spaceship looking at that when suddenly they saw the biggest snowman in the world. There was a snowman that was so big, it was bigger than the sharks and the spaceship. The snowman was so big, it was like three whole planets on top of each other. The bottom of the snowman was a planet as big as Jupiter. The middle one was Earth, and the top one was Neptune, which was a bit smaller. All of the planets were on top of each other, but they were all covered in snow. On the top planet, one of the sharks who had a pet doggie showed Sylvan and his mom that the top planet had a carrot coming out of his nose, a big carrot, not the size of a carrot that you might have in a grocery store. This carrot was longer than an elephant's trunk. It was longer than seven school buses. If you glued two Earths together and cut them in a circle shape, yes, the carrot was so big that it would be like if you cut the whole Earth in half and then went from one side to the other, that's called the diameter. Well, this was a really big carrot nose. Sylvan also saw that the planets, which were the snowmen, had special snowmen eyes and snowmen ears and were wearing a silly shark hat.

The alien shark told Sylvan and his mom that there was also a different planet where there were unicorns everywhere. Sylvan and his mom asked the yellow alien egg-shaped spaceship if they could go through space to the planet where unicorns come from. The alien said, "Okay." Sylvan kept flying through the yellow alien spaceship through space, passing different stars, which were suns to some planets near them, and they also passed a big cake in outer space. It was such a big cake, you could fly a rocket ship over the cake. The cake was so big that there was an entire rainforest on the cake. There was even an ocean in a little part of the cake. That's how big the cake was. The cake had buildings made of cake in it. The ocean was yummy. It was sugar water. It was grape juice. The lake on top of the cake, which wasn't even a lake, it was an ocean. It was so big and it was in outer space, and the whole planet was made up of cake. There was not one speck of rock. There were only sugar crystals, which looked like rock but tasted like sugar.

Sylvan was looking over that cake planet, and he saw that that's where the unicorns lived. Unicorns actually come from a planet that is made of birthday cake. The reason that you only could see unicorns on Earth sometimes, and that not a lot of grown-ups know about unicorns, is because unicorns love to eat birthday cake. So usually, they stay in outer space on their birthday cake planet. But sometimes, like if it's your birthday, a unicorn might come to visit. But they don't always come to visit because sometimes unicorns just like to eat the birthday cake that's on their birthday cake planet because their whole planet is made of birthday cake.

A unicorn flew off the birthday cake and went right up to the egg-shaped spaceship that Sylvan and his mom and his dad were riding. The unicorn asked the alien if Sylvan wanted to go out of the spaceship for a special unicorn ride through outer space. Sylvan said, "Okay." A different unicorn came to take Sylvan's mom. A different unicorn came to take Sylvan's dad. Sylvan and his mom and his dad all took unicorn rides through outer space, and they even dove down onto the cake to get some yummy cake for them to eat. But then there was a problem. There would be a point where the unicorns ate all the cake. The unicorns were really good at sharing cake, so they didn't have to worry that the unicorns would take all the cake.

Sylvan was having fun flying through outer space, and he also got next to a black hole which had such a strong magnetic pull that they almost got pulled in. But Sylvan had a trick, which was he shot a rubber band at the black hole. The rubber band went in the black hole, and it pushed him out a little bit because sometimes when you shoot rubber bands, you could feel like you go back an eensy-weensy tiny bit. Sylvan was having fun, and he got away from the black hole. Sylvan's parents said it was time for them to go home. The aliens landed right back using the yellow egg-shaped spaceship. They landed on Sylvan's house in Pennsylvania and Sylvan and his mom on his roof. On his roof? Yes, they landed on Sylvan's house's roof, and Sylvan and his dad and his mom went out of the alien spaceship and they left onto the roof and they took a ladder down from the roof, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.

Tell all your friends. Listen to the lesson to make up because they like it.