Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse, who lived in a regular house in Wanica, New Zealand. There was a problem in New Zealand because there weren't many eggs in the stores. There was an egg shortage in the whole country, and there was a rule that each family was only allowed to buy one carton of eggs at a time. So Jonah, Jesse, and their dad had to be careful about how many eggs they had for breakfast. And every time before opening an egg, they would make sure that they cracked it carefully so it didn't just spill on the counter.

One time, Jesse asked if he could crack an egg, and he cracked an egg on a bowl before his dad and mom woke up because Jonah was going to make him some eggs. When Jesse cracked the egg on a bowl, instead of the usual white and yellow yolk inside the egg, there was a little person who was trapped inside the egg. When they cracked the egg, the person came out. At first, the person was covered in all that white stuff that's in an egg, and it looked like the person was sleeping. Jesse was scared because he had never seen such a little person inside an egg. People are usually born from moms, not eggs, and they're also bigger, starting off as babies. But this person who was in the egg looked like maybe he was a ten-year-old kid or something like that. And it was definitely not a baby. The person was already wearing some clothes, but the clothes had all of that white stuff from the egg on them.

So Jesse and Jonah ran to wake up their dad and mom, and when they got to their dad and mom's room, they saw that the bed was empty. Jesse and Jonah were worried, wondering where their mom and dad were. They looked in the bathroom to see if their parents were there, but their mom and dad weren't in the bathroom. They ran all around the house looking for their parents, but they couldn't find them anywhere. Finally, they went back to the kitchen where they were going to make scrambled eggs to check on the little guy. And guess what? The little guy got up and started to walk around the counter.

Jonah and Jesse were a little bit afraid because they had never seen such a little person before. So they asked, "Are you going to hurt us?" The little guy tried to talk, and he opened his mouth, but no words came out. Instead, letters floated out of his mouth. The letters that floated out of the little guy's mouth were N and O. When the letters floated into Jesse's ear, he heard the word "no." So the way the little guy that lived in the egg was able to speak was not like a regular person with sounds coming out of their mouth. Instead, letters came out of his mouth, and those letters had to float to your ear. When the letters arrived in your ear and landed in your ear, that's when they made their sounds.

Jonah and Jesse asked, "How did you even get into the egg?" The little person opened up his mouth, and a bunch of letters came out. It was too many letters for Jesse to read all of them because he was just four. The letters were floating into Jesse's ear. So Jonah rushed in between the letters and Jesse so that the letters would go into Jonah's ear, and they started spelling "wizard." Jonah told Jesse that the little guy said there was a wizard.

Jonah said, "What? Wizard?" The person said some more letters floated out of his mouth. He said something about a chicken. It was hard to understand because some of the words that the ten-year-old was spelling were not seven-year-old words. They were big, like ten-year-old words. Jonah didn't understand everything, but from what he pieced together, it seemed like there was a wizard dressed up in a chicken costume. The ten-year-old kid was at a petting zoo, looking at the goats when suddenly there was a giant chicken or a wizard in a chicken costume with a magic wand. The next thing he knew, he was stuck in an egg. Then he went into a factory, and he was in an egg carton. Finally, he was in a supermarket, then in a shopping bag, and then he was all the way in Jonah and Jesse's house.

It took a lot of time for the ten-year-old who was in the egg to explain this. Jonah asked, "What happened to our parents?" The ten-year-old boy started spelling, "I don't know." Jonah and Jesse asked if he could hop on their shoulder. The little ten-year-old boy that lived in the egg hopped onto Jonah's shoulder, and they looked together again in their parents' bedroom. Jonah lifted up the blankets, and he saw that there were two little eggs where his parents were sleeping. That's why he couldn't find them before because he didn't look under the blanket.

Jonah and Jesse looked at each other and said, "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?" Jesse said, "Uh-oh," because that's when they knew their mom and dad must be in the eggs. They decided to go to the kitchen and crack open those eggs. In one of the eggs, there was their mom. In the other egg was their dad, who was sleeping and snoring. Jonah asked, "Should we wake him up?" They decided that they should. So they woke up their mom and dad and asked, "What should we do?"

When their dad, Steve, woke up, he was little and thought it was just a dream. He told Jonah that since they were all having a dream, he should just go back to sleep. When he woke up, he'd be regular again. So he tried to fall back asleep in all that white icky stuff from the egg. But when he tried to fall asleep and woke back up, he was still in the egg, so it wasn't just a dream. Their mom, Amanda, who was also very little, hopped onto Jesse's shoulder. Jesse and Jonah looked at each other.

Finally, Jonah said he had an idea. Jonah's idea was to get a magnifying glass. He got a magnifying glass and looked at his parents through it. Luckily, that was good enough to turn them bigger again. He tried the same trick on the ten-year-old kid, and it turned the ten-year-old kid bigger again. But now there was an even bigger problem because it made Jonah and Jesse small since they were the ones using the magnifying glass. That was part of the wizard's magic that made them small again.

Jesse said, "Help! Help!" When he said "Help," it wasn't the sounds; it was the letters H, E, L, and P that came out of his mouth. That's when Jonah and Jesse really didn't know what to do. But Steve had an idea. His idea was that they had a really big teddy bear in the house. Steve's idea was to have the big teddy bear hold the magnifying glass and point it at Jonah and Jesse. When the big teddy bear held it and pointed at Jonah and Jesse, they got big again. But the teddy bear got little.

Now that everyone was big again, they lived happily ever after. The kid who was ten years old, who was a regular kid, Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda helped him find his family. His parents were so happy to see him again. Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.