Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse, and Jonah and Jesse lived in a regular house in Wanica, New Zealand. And there was a problem in New Zealand because there weren't a lot of eggs in the stores. There was an egg shortage in the whole country, and there was a rule that each family was only allowed to buy one carton of eggs at a time. And so Jonah and Jesse had to be careful about how many eggs they had for breakfast, and their dad did also. And every time before opening an egg, they would make sure that they cracked it carefully so it didn't just spill on the counter.

And one time, Jesse asked if he could crack an egg, and he cracked an egg on a bowl before his dad and mom woke up because Jonah was going to make him some eggs. And when Jesse cracked the egg on a bowl, instead of there being, like, white stuff and a yellow yolk inside the egg, there was a little person who was trapped inside the egg. And when they cracked the egg, the person came out. And at first, the person was covered in all that kind of, like, white stuff that's in an egg, and it looked like that person was like, sleeping. And Jesse was scared because he never saw such a little person that was inside of an egg. And when people are born, they come out of moms. They don't come out of eggs, and they're also bigger, and they start off as babies. But this person who was in an egg looked like maybe he was like a ten-year-old kid or something like that. And it was definitely like it wasn't a baby. And the person was already wearing some clothes, but the clothes had all of that white stuff from an egg on it.

So Jesse and Jonah ran to wake up their dad and their mom, and when they got to their dad and mom's room, they saw that the bed was empty. And then Jesse and Jonah were like, oh, no, where's mom? And where is dad? And they looked in the bathroom to see if their parents were there, but their mom and dad, they weren't in the bathroom. And then they ran all around the house looking to see where their parents were, and they couldn't find their mom and dad anywhere. So finally they went back to the kitchen where they were going to make the scrambled eggs to check on, like, the little guy. And guess what? What? The little guy got up and started to walk around the counter.

And the little guy, Jonah and Jesse were like a little bit afraid because they never saw such a little person before. So they said, Are you going to hurt us? And the little guy tried to talk and he opened his mouth, but no words came out. Whenever he opened his mouth, instead of words coming out, there were just letters that floated out of his mouth. And so the letters that floated out of the little guy's mouth were N and O. And when the letters floated out of was no. Yeah, the letters floated out of his mouth. And when the letters floated into Jesse's ear, he heard the word no. And so the way the little guy that lived in the egg was able to speak was not like a regular person with sounds coming out of their mouth. Instead, letters came out of his mouth, and those letters had to float to your ear. And when the letters arrived in your ear, when they landed in your ear, that's when they made their sounds.

And so Jonah and Jesse said, how did you even get into the egg? And then the little person opened up his mouth and a bunch of letters came out. And it was too many letters for Jesse to read all of them because he was just four. And the letters the problem was it was floating into Jesse's ear. And so Jonah rushed in between the letters and Jesse so that the letters would go into Jonah's ear, and they started spelling wizard. And Jonah told Jesse that the little guy said there was a wizard.

So then Jonah said, what? Wizard? And then the person said that some more letters floated out of his mouth. And he said that something about like a chicken. And it was hard to understand because some of the words that the ten-year-old was spelling were not like seven-year-old words. They were big, like ten-year-old words. And so Jonah didn't understand everything, but from what he pieced together, it seemed like there was like, a wizard dressed up in a chicken costume and that this ten-year-old kid was at a petting zoo and he was looking around at the goats, and suddenly there was, like, a giant chicken or a wizard in a chicken costume with a magic wand. And then the next thing he knew, he was stuck in an egg. And then he went into like a factory and he was in an egg carton. And finally, the next thing he knew, he was in a supermarket and then in a shopping bag. And then he was all the way in Jonah and Jesse's house.

Now, it took a lot of time for the ten-year-old who was in the egg to explain this. And so Jonah said, what happened to our parents? And the ten-year-old boy started spelling, I don't know. And Jonah and Jesse asked if he could hop on their shoulder. And so the little ten-year-old boy that lived in the egg hopped onto Jonah's shoulder, and they looked together again in their parents' bedroom. And Jonah lifted up the blankets, and he saw that there were two little eggs where his parents were sleeping, and that's why he couldn't find them before, because he didn't look under the blanket.

And Jonah and Jesse looked at each other and they said, are you thinking what I'm thinking? And Jesse said, Uhoh, because that's when they knew their mom and their dad got to be in eggs. So they decided they would go to the kitchen and they would crack open those eggs, and they cracked open those eggs. And in one of the eggs, there was their mom. And then the other egg was their dad. And their dad was sleeping in the egg. And he was snoring. And Jonah was like, should we wake him up? And they decided that they should. So they woke up their mom and their dad, and they're like, dad, what should we do?

And when Steve woke up, he was like, little, and he thought that it was just a dream. He told Jonah that since they were all having a dream, he should just go back to sleep. And then when he woke up, he'd be regular again. So he tried to fall back asleep and all that white icky stuff from the egg. But when he tried to fall asleep and he woke back up, he was still in that egg, so it wasn't just a dream. And then Amanda, who was also very little, she hopped onto Jesse's shoulder. And Jesse looked at Amanda, and Jesse and Jonah looked at each other.

And finally Jonah said that he had an idea. And Jesse, could you guess what Jonah's idea was? Jonah, do you know what your idea was? I forgot. Well, the idea that Jonah had was to get a magnifying glass. And so he got a magnifying glass, and he shined the mag and he looked at his parents through the magnifying glass, and luckily, that was good enough to turn them bigger again. And he tried the same trick on the ten-year-old kid, and it turned the ten-year-old kid bigger again. But now there is an even bigger problem, because it made Jonah and Jesse small since they were the ones using the magnifying glass. That was part of the wizard's magic that it made them small again.

And Jesse said, Help. Help. And when he said, Help, help, it wasn't the sounds. It was he LP the letters that came out of his mouth. And that's when Jonah and Jesse really didn't know what to do. But Steve had an idea. His idea was that they had, like, a really big teddy bear in the house. Steve's idea was to have the big teddy bear hold the magnifying glass and pointed at Jonah and Jesse. And when the big teddy bear held it and pointed at Jonah and Jesse, then they got big again. But the teddy bear got little.

And now that everyone was big again, they lived happily ever after. And the kid who is ten years old, who is a regular kid, Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda helped him find his family. And his parents were so happy to see him again. And Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.