Welcome back to makeup, the kids bedtime stories podcast. My name is Steve. I make up new stories every night without preparing to put my five year old son to bed. You should listen to another story tomorrow. But right now we're ready for today's story. So get ready. Get tucked in. Makeup story time begin. Tonight's makeup story is a request from listener named Nikki or nick. Nick. And Nikki asks for a story that is about a rocket ship, a meteor, flying cat. Flying cat and aliens. Well, once upon a time involved blue. And what involved once upon a time a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Nikki. And Nikki lived on a beach in a far away island. And the island that Nikki grew up in had a lots of trees that grew oranges. And sometimes when he was walking about with his family or trying out his bicycle or scooting, nikki would reach up to the tree and pick down orange. Well, the island that Nikki lived on also had other special things. One of the trees had a special kind of fruit called a zulup. And the zulup fruit was really yummy because it had honey inside. And zulup fruit also had a little bit of graham cracker inside and it grew from the ground. At first Nikki thought this tree can't be real because you have to make graham crackers in factories and bees are the only ones that make honey. But when Nikki saw it and he tried the zulop fruit, he thought this is delicious. Well, one day Nikki was walking about with his friend Jonah and they were going on the beach because they wanted to see what kind of fishies are on this island. And suddenly as they were walking, they saw a rocket ship come down from space. And the rocket ship first zoomed through the clouds and it seemed like there was a big fireball attached to it in the back. And after it zoomed through the clouds, some lights started going on. And it was kind of like siren lights, but a lot of different colors and there was no sound. Finally, as they were looking, they saw that some robot noises came out of the rocket ship. And the robot noises were like deep was he. And the rocket ship kept making really silly noises like that. And Jonah said maybe it's an alien rocket ship. And Nikki said that aliens weren't real. Just as they said that a secret compartment in the rocket ship opened up. And the secret compartment looked like a big soccer ball because it had black and white spots and was round, but it was much bigger than a soccer ball. And when the compartment opened up, a kind of kitty cat came out. But this kitty cat had wings. And out of the rocket ship from the soccer ball compartment flew a kitty cat. And Nikki told Jonah that that was meow. Meow the kitty cat. And Meow Meow the kitty cat was a rescue kitty cat who used to fly through the skies. And one day he had a special trip where he went to space and saw aliens. And so Miyamiya the kitty cat flew down on the beach on the sand right next to Jonah and Nikki. And Jonah and Nikki told me, I'm Yow, the kitty cat, maybe we should buy one of those little walking long things that shoot up to the clouds and deploy those parachutes to go slowly down. I think that's a good idea. Let's buy one of those. Last time we tried it with Nikki and Seaton and it didn't work. Yeah. Okay. So Jonah and Nikki started talking to meow Meow, the flying kitty who flew out of the soccer ball compartment in the rocket ship. And Miamiyao the kitty said that the rocket ship was a special kind of rocket ship that could go all the way to different planets and that Miami the kitty went so far to a different planet where he met aliens. And Jonah said, what did the aliens look like? And Miami the kitty said the aliens were looking very silly because instead of just having two legs on the bottom, they had legs all around their body. And to go, they would kind of spin over like a wheel. So they were really good at soccer because they had so many legs. And aliens on this planet were experts at playing soccer because they had so many legs and they could do so many tricks. So if you were playing soccer against one of these aliens on this planet, then the other alien could definitely beat you because it had too many legs and was too fast and could even go with the legs on top of each other and it could dribble the ball in soccer so well. Well, Nikki asked Miyamyao if they brought any soccer balls from the other planet with those aliens. And Miyamyao told Nikki that the aliens eyeballs on that planet were also made of they kind of looked like grapes, but they were the same colors as a soccer ball. And so Nikki said, I don't really believe you that there was an alien planet that had aliens that were so good at soccer. And Miamiyow the kitty cat said, Come on to my rocket ship. And he helped Jonah and Nikki fly up to the rocket ship. When they got on the rocket ship, they saw that it was full of soccer balls and that the soccer balls helped the rocket ship go because every time they wanted to go up, they just blasted some soccer balls out and the soccer ball rocket ship blasted back to outer space. And when it went back to outer space, they saw there were some meteors in the sky and one of the meteors was made out of gold. And so Jonah said, let's catch that meteor with a rope. And we'll rope it back in when our spaceship goes back down. And Jonah and Nikki found a rope on the rocket ship and they threw it out using their astronaut suits and roped up the meteor and attached it to the rocket ship. And then they blasted the rocket ship back down to Earth, carrying the gold along the way. And they finally got back to Earth. And when they got back to Earth, they saw that there were a lot of leprechauns waiting for them because the leprechauns told them that really the way leprechauns get gold is from meteors. And Jonah and Nikki weren't sure if Miamiya was telling the truth. And Jonah and Nikki lived happily ever after. The end.