Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Genevieve. One day, as Genevieve was walking with her mom and dad to the playground, they saw a big car shaped like a hot dog. As the car drove through the streets, it spilled ketchup out the back. The driver of the hot dog car was a chicken!

The chicken stopped in front of Genevieve and her parents and asked if they wanted to go to a special water park on the other side of British Columbia in Canada. Genevieve asked her parents if it was a person dressed up as a chicken because chickens can't drive cars. Her parents thought it might be a robot dressed as a chicken or maybe it was magic. They agreed to go in the hot dog car with Genevieve.

When they got in the car, Genevieve told the chicken about the ketchup spilling out the back. The chicken said, "Bach, bach!" As it said that, the hot dog car started to go, and no more ketchup came out the back. The hot dog car drove over a bridge with water underneath, full of bubble bath. Then, it went through the deepest tunnel in the world, all the way to the other side of the earth.

When Genevieve and her parents came out of the tunnel, they found themselves in the magical city of the water park. The magical city was really special, and hot dog cars weren't allowed inside. So, the chicken parked the car, and Genevieve and her parents got out. They met a captain of a little sailboat that looked like a bath toy, but much bigger and it really worked!

The captain invited Genevieve and her parents to board the boat to enter Adventure Water Park City. As they floated on the biggest pool in the world, they saw floating islands made of Lego. There were Lego mountains, Lego volcanoes, and even Lego clouds hanging from strings. The Lego water park was very special because it had Lego fish with little motors that could really swim, and a Lego flamingo too!

As Genevieve, her parents, and the captain sailed along, they approached a waterfall. Genevieve told the captain they didn't want to fall over the waterfall in the boat. The captain assured them they would be okay. They sailed right over the waterfall and discovered a secret slide underneath! They slid down the waterfall with their boat, but decided it was too fast for others, so Genevieve put up a sign that said "Don't go down."

At the bottom of the waterfall, they saw a witch's hut in the woods by the pool. The hut looked old and broken, with some parts you could see through. Genevieve and her parents went to knock on the door, but it opened by itself, and the doorbell rang without anyone touching it. Inside, umbrellas spun on the roof so fast that rain went up to the sky instead of down!

Genevieve told her parents she thought a witch lived there. Soon, they saw something moving inside. It was a princess who looked like Princess Laura from Frozen! She had a special power that turned anything she stepped on into lava. Princess Laura told Genevieve and her parents that she could turn into a witch and knew a special way to get back to the pool with the Lego fish.

Genevieve asked how, and the princess said she needed to say magic words. The magic words were "IGVA DEXA." As Genevieve said the words, the princess turned into a witch, a grown-up, a kid, an elephant, a swan, and finally a flamingo. Genevieve and her parents climbed onto the flamingo, which took them back to the edge of the pool with the Lego islands and special Lego fish.

The witch, who was also a princess, wanted to go to Genevieve's house and be her friend. But Genevieve said she couldn't because she would make magma and lava everywhere. The princess witch said she could make magic shoes to stop that from happening. She said the magic words, "ankapu we GABA Kalampa," and made special shoes from titanium and bird feathers.

With her new shoes, the princess witch went home with Genevieve and became her best friend. Sometimes, she pretended to be a five-year-old girl. And they all lived happily ever after. The end.