Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Genevieve. One day, as Genevieve was walking with her mom and her dad to the playground, they saw a big car that was the shape of a hot dog. And as the car kept going through the streets, it kept spilling out ketchup through the back. And the hot dog car had a chicken who was the driver. And the chicken stopped off right in front of Genevieve and her parents. And the chicken asked Genevieve and her parents if they wanted to go together to a special water park that was on the other side of British Columbia in Canada. Genevieve asked her parents because she thought that maybe it was a person dressed up in a chicken costume because chickens can't drive cars. And Genevieve's parents told Genevieve that maybe it was a robot dressed up as a chicken, or maybe it was magic. And they said that they could go in the hot dog car with Genevieve. And when they got in the car, genevieve told the chicken that ketchup was spilling out the back. And the chicken said, bach, bach. And as he said bach bach, the hot dog car started to go, and no more ketchup came out the back. The hot dog car drove over a bridge that had water under it, which was full of bubble bath. And after it drove over the bridge, it went under a tunnel that was the deepest tunnel in the world and went to the other side of the earth. When Genevieve and her parents exited on the other side of the earth, when they got out of that tunnel with their hot dog car and the chicken driver, they saw that they were in the magical city of the water park. The magical city of the water park was really special. You weren't allowed to drive hot dog cars in it. So the chicken had to park his hot dog car, and Genevieve and her parents got out. And when they got out, there was a captain of a little sailboat. It really looked like the kind of boat that Genevieve used to have for bath time or a boat that a different kid had for bath time, but it was much bigger, and this one really worked. And the captain got off the boat and told Genevieve and her parents that they could go in the boat to enter the Adventure Water Park City. When they got in the boat, they saw that they were floating on a big blue pool. It was the biggest pool in the world. And on the pool there were floating islands which were made of Lego. And on some of the Lego islands, there was Lego mountains and even Lego volcanoes. In the air, there was some string that held up some clouds which were made of Lego. And the Lego water park was really very special because it even had Lego fish which could really swim because they had little motors in the back. And in the Lego park, there was also a flamingo who was made out of Lego. Flamingos are like pink birds that look a lot like ducks but have long, long legs, and they love to balance on 1ft. Well, Genevieve was driving in the boat with the captain and with her parents when suddenly they were coming up to a waterfall. And Genevieve told the captain that they didn't want to fall over the waterfall in the boat. And the captain of the boat said, don't worry. And Genevieve asked her parents, Are you sure we'll be okay? And her parents said, I think we will. And they sailed right over the waterfall. And do you know what happened? What? There was a secret slide under the waterfall, and they slid down the waterfall with their boat. When they got to the bottom of the waterfall when they got to the bottom of the waterfall, they saw that the slide was too fast and nobody else should go in the slide down the waterfall. And so Genevieve put up a sign that said don't go down. And all of the Lego fishy had to stay on top in the pool before the waterfall. In the bottom of the waterfall, Genevieve saw that there was a witch. The witch lived in an old hut that was in middle of the woods, right at the side of the big pool. Sometimes it got snowy on the hut, and the top of the hut got white. There were little pieces. Why didn't it break? There were little pieces of the hut that did break, and there were parts where you could see through. It looked broken and it looked old. And Genevieve looked inside the hut, and Genevieve and her parents went off the boat onto the shore where the little old hut was sitting. And when they got to the little old hut, they were going to the door to knock, when all of a sudden, the door opened by itself. And then they didn't even press any button. But the doorbell went ding dong. And Genevieve and her parents saw that the lights turned on by itself and that a bunch of umbrellas started to spin on the roof of the house. And the umbrellas were spinning round and round, and the umbrellas started to spin so fast that rain started to go up from the roof of the house. And from the umbrellas, the rain went up to the sky, even though usually it goes down. Genevieve told her parents that she thought a witch lived there. Well, soon enough, as Genevieve and her parents were looking at the hut, they saw that there was something moving from inside. The thing that was moving was wearing a princess dress, and it looked like a nice princess. It looked like, you know, in frozen. There's Princess Anna and Princess Elsa. Yeah, there's a secret princess in Frozen called Princess Laura, and Princess Laura is somebody that you don't know about in Frozen yet because she's in a different Frozen movie. But Princess Laura has a special power where anytime her feet step on something, it turns into lava. And it was Princess Laura that was in the witch's hut. And Princess Laura told Genevieve and her parents that she knew how to turn into a witch, and she knew how to turn into a princess. And if Genevieve and her parents wanted to go back to the pool with the Lego fish, she knew a special way to get there. And Genevieve asked how. And the princess, who is also a witch, said, I have to say some magic words. And Genevieve said, what are those magic words? And can you guess what they were? Bud havalabaloma higg lama meow meow. They were not havalabala higa meow meow. The magic words were very close. Bud avocado. The magic words were IGVA DEXA. And just as Genevieve said those magic words, suddenly the princess turned back into a witch, and then she turned into a grown up, and she turned into a kid, and she turned into an elephant, and she turned into a swan, when suddenly Genevieve said, what are you going to turn into next? And the witch turned into a flamingo. And Genevieve and her mom and her dad climbed on the flamingo, and the flamingo took Genevieve and her parents for a ride over the waterfall, back to the edge of the pool, where there were the Lego islands and lots of special Lego fish. After they got back, the witch, who was also a princess and who was very nice, told Genevieve and her parents that she wanted to go to Genevieve's house to be Genevieve's friend and to live there. He would just make magma all over and to live there. But Genevieve told the special princess witch that she couldn't do that because she would just make magma and lava everywhere she walked. And then the princess witch said, because I'm a witch, I know how to make magic shoes so that the floor where I step on doesn't turn into lava. And Genevieve said, Let me see. And the witch said, ankapu we GABA Kalampa. And just as she said that there was a special shoe made of titanium. A sound like this? Yes. And there was a special shoe made of titanium and bird feathers, and she used that, and she came back home with Genevieve. And they became best friends forever. And the witch also sometimes pretended to be a five year old girl. And that was Genevieve's friend. And they all lived happily ever after. The end.