Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. It was around New Year's, and their dad announced that they were going to go camping. Jesse said, "Hooray!" They got in a big van, and the van had a tent that you could put on top of the van. They put their car seats inside the van, and they drove down a long road until they got to a huge, humongous lake. They parked their van in a parking lot right next to the lake and got into a boat. The captain of the boat said that they were going to see some special things. "All aboard!" he called. Jonah and Jesse waved goodbye to all the people who were on the shore. The boat's engines turned on, and it made a lot of noise.

As the boat started to go over the big lake, there were some dolphins that swam right next to the boat. One of the dolphins even jumped out of the water. The captain told Jonah and Jesse that dolphins could jump so high that sometimes they could even go on the boat. Jesse wasn't sure if the captain was right. The Captain also told Jonah and Jesse that this day they were going to go to a waterfall that nobody had seen before. Jesse decided to draw a map of where they were going to go, and he showed his map to help the captain find the hidden waterfall.

The Captain looked at Jesse's special map, and he said it looked familiar because there was once a pirate that used to bury a treasure, and the treasure looked like it might be right where that map showed. The captain steered the ship to the right and turned the engine on full blast. The ship went so fast until it got past a rainbow all the way by a really tall waterfall. When they got to the tall waterfall, the captain told Jesse that the map showed that they needed to go behind the waterfall. Jonah and Jesse stayed aboard the ship as it went around the waterfall to a secret cave which was hidden in the dark.

Inside of the cave, there were green glow-in-the-dark worms that hung upside down from the roof of the cave. There were also mermaids that would jump up out of the water, and they would try to play tag with the worms. The game was that the mermaids had to try to touch the green glow-in-the-dark worms before the worms could fall down. When the worms fell down into the water, they turned into fish, and the fish would swim next to the mermaids. The captain told Jesse that the glow-in-the-dark worms were very useful because otherwise, the cave would be too dark for the ship to see anything. Jesse and Jonah told the captain that they thought he was getting close to the buried treasure that the pirates left there in the olden days.

Jesse and Jonah followed the current until a mermaid told them, "You really shouldn't go any farther because this is where the world ends. If you go one more little bit, then you'll fall off the world and you'll go into outer space." Just as the mermaid said that, a bunch of glow worms fell off the roof of the cave, and they fell onto the boat, pushing it off the water and into outer space. Jesse told the captain that they needed to figure out a way to get back to Earth, and he needed to turn the ship around and put up a big sail. The captain told Jesse that the sail fell off, and there was no way to turn the ship around, so they started sailing through outer space.

Luckily, when they fell into outer space, there were two mermaids that fell with them. The mermaids were kind of floating right next to the ship. One of the mermaids said that she could help turn the ship around, and she used all of her mermaid might to turn the ship around so that it could get back to the cave with the glow worms where the secret buried treasure was. She tried so hard, but the mermaid wasn't strong enough. The mermaid asked if there was anyone on the ship who had any ideas for what to do. Jesse asked his older brother Jonah, "Do you know what we could do?" Jonah said, "How about everyone stands on one side of the ship and we all blow out with our mouths as strongly as we can? If we blow so much air one way, then maybe the ship will turn around and go the other way."

Everyone on the ship stood on the deck, and Jonah said, "One, two, three, blow!" Everyone blew some air in one direction as hard as they could. The ship turned a little bit, but it still wasn't enough. Finally, there was nothing they could do. Jesse and Jonah were worried that they would be stuck with the ship in outer space forever. But that's when the ship came right across a big old wooden box that was floating in outer space. Jonah said, "That must be the pirate treasure. Maybe that fell into outer space, too. That's why it was behind the waterfall in the secret cave." Jesse said, "Yes, that is where the map showed."

The captain asked one of the mermaids to help get the pirate treasure, and she brought it aboard the ship. Inside the pirate treasure, there was an extra sail. Jonah and Jesse helped the captain put the sail back on the ship. There was jewelry and a sail, and they put the sail back on the ship, and there was also extra jewelry. Jesse gave one of the necklaces to a mermaid that helped. With the sail back on the ship, this time when everyone blew on the sail, it was enough to turn the ship all the way around back to Earth.

They got back to the glow worm cave, this time with the pirate treasure, and the mermaids followed them back. When they got into the glow worm cave, all the fish were so happy. The dolphins that had jumped up when they followed the ship in the beginning of the journey were also so happy that the ship returned, and they showed the captain the way out of the cave. Jonah, Jesse, the captain of the ship, the dolphins, and the mermaid all shared the treasure and lived happily ever after. The end.