Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Josie. Josie lived in a town filled with fruit, so much that all the houses were covered with leaves and fruit all the time. This was because in Josie's town, there were grapes as big as oranges. The grapes would roll down from giant vines that grew as high as houses. There were oranges that grew from giant orange trees, and the oranges were as big as watermelons. There were also watermelons that were about as big as cars.

The fruit in Josie's town grew so fast that you could plant a seed, and the next day, the fruit would be right there. So you could grow a whole orange tree in just a day. And if you wanted the oranges to fall down, all you had to do was go next to the tree and say the word "wind." Then the oranges would fall down because the tree would get windy.

There were also banana trees as tall as skyscrapers. Every day, the grownups in Josie's town had to bring big chariots and lines of horses carrying different things like bananas out of the town. If the grownups let all the fruit stay in town, the streets would be full of tomatoes, grapes, and strawberries.

A few weeks earlier, there was a strawberry juice flood. So many strawberries fell at once that they got squished when they hit the ground, making red strawberry juice flow through the rivers. The juice flooded over the rivers and turned the grass red. Josie's parents started to worry and said, "What can we do? The grass keeps changing colors, like red from the strawberry juice."

Just as they said that, they noticed grapes raining down. These were big grapes, and it was raining more than ever before. The grapes turned into grape juice, and suddenly, the red rivers from the strawberry juice turned purple. The grape juice flooded the basements of the grownups' houses.

Josie and her parents talked about what they should do with all the grape juice everywhere. Josie suggested they move to a different house. Her parents asked, "Where would we go?" Josie said there was a Purple Bunny that lived in the town. The Purple Bunny was famous for always knowing the answer to any question. Not many people believed the Purple Bunny really existed, but if you went to the Purple Bunny, it could tell you what to do.

So Josie and her parents went across the town from their house. They skipped through the grape juice pools and floods using Josie's new rain boots until they reached the Purple Bunny. The Purple Bunny lived in a cave on the other side of town, next to a river filled with grape juice.

Josie asked the Purple Bunny, "It seems to be raining more fruit each year. What should we do?" The Purple Bunny looked at Josie and said she had an idea. Josie asked, "What is the idea?" The Purple Bunny said they should do a special Rain Dance. If they did the Rain Dance, it would stop raining so many grapes and strawberries.

Josie, the Purple Bunny, and her parents did the special Silly Rain Dance, and it stopped raining strawberries and grapes. It worked! They were the heroes of the town. The Purple Bunny said that now there weren't big floods due to the fruit, it was a great place to live again. Josie thanked the Purple Bunny for helping save the day.

The Purple Bunny said that because Josie had the idea of going to the Purple Bunny, he would make a special chocolate playground for all the kids in the town. The purple bunny said "Avra Khadavra," and a small cloud turned rainbow colors and came down to the ground. There was the sound of drums, and fireworks appeared in the sky. When they looked back down, they saw a big new chocolate playground.

The playground had strong chocolate monkey bars and a slide made of chocolate. It was a fun place for all the kids in Josie's town to play. Josie, her parents, and the purple bunny played in the chocolate playground. The purple bunny did funny tricks, like going on the monkey bars upside down using its feet.

The purple bunny told Josie that because she was so good to play with, he would give her a magical notebook. The purple bunny made a magical notebook appear and gave it to Josie. Whenever Josie looked at the magical notebook, whatever she was thinking was written on the page. Josie thought, "Wow, this chocolate playground is really cool," and the words appeared in the notebook.

Josie then thought of a picture of a unicorn, and the picture magically appeared in the notebook. She imagined a magical animal that helped deliver fruit to different towns. It looked like an elephant with multiple trunks and a special basket on its back for the fruit.

Josie imagined this pretend animal, and it was drawn in the magical notebook. The purple bunny said it was a good kind of elephant to help deliver fruit to other towns. The purple bunny said, "Avra cadavra," and the magical elephant appeared. It started to help bring all the bananas and extra tomatoes to nearby towns that might want free food.

Josie became the hero of the town, and the purple bunny was always her friend. The magical notebook continued to work, and Josie wrote down lots of things by just imagining them. Josie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.