Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Josie. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Josie, and I'm from Exorcist, New Hampshire, and I'm five and a half years old. And I would like a story about a purple bunny, a magical notebook, and a chocolate chocolate playground. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Josie, who is five and a half years old and lives in Exeter, New Hampshire. And so we want to say, hey, Josie. Hi, Josie. And Josie asks for us to make up a story that includes a purple bunny, a magical notebook, and a chocolate playground. Once upon a time, long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Josie. Josie lived in a town that had so much fruit, all of the houses in her town were covered with leaves and fruit all the time, because in the town where Josie lived, there was grapes that were as big as oranges. And the grapes would roll down from big, giant vines that would grow as high as houses. And there were oranges that would grow from giant orange trees. And the oranges were as big as watermelons, and there were also watermelons that were as bout as big as cars. And the fruit in the town where Josie lived grew so fast that you could plant a seed, and the next day, the food would be right there. So you could grow a whole orange tree in, like, a day. And then if you wanted the oranges to fall down, all you had to do is go next to the tree and say the word wind. And then the oranges would fall down because the tree would get windy. Well, there were also banana trees that were as tall as skyscrapers. And every day, the grownups in Josie's town had to bring big chariots lines of horses carrying different things like bananas out of the town. Because if the grownups let all of the fruit just stay in town, then all of the streets would be full of, like, tomatoes, and they would be full of grapes, and they would be full of strawberries. There was a time a few weeks earlier when there was a strawberry juice flood. There were so many strawberries that fell at one time that all of the strawberries got squished when they hit the ground, and it made red strawberry juice go all through the rivers, and it flooded over the rivers, and it made the grass red. And so Josie's parents were starting to worry, and they said, what can we do? Because the grass keeps getting kind of different colors, like red from the strawberry juice. And just as they said that, they noticed that there were grapes that were raining down, and these were big grapes, and it was raining more than it had ever rained before, and the grapes were turning into grape juice. And suddenly, the red rivers from the strawberry juice turned purple. And the grape juice went all over the town and started flooding into the basements of the grownups house. And Josie's parents and Josie started to talk, and they said, what should we do? There's so much grape juice everywhere. And Josie said, well, maybe we should move to a different house. And Josie's parents said, well, where would we go? And Josie said there was a Purple Bunny that lived in the town. And the Purple Bunny was famous for always knowing the answer to any question. And not many people believe that the Purple Bunny really existed. But if you went to the Purple Bunny, the Purple Bunny could tell you what to do. And so Josie and her parents went across the town from their house. They were skipping through the grape juice pools, and the grape juice floods using Josie's new rainboots, until they got all the way to The Purple Bunny. The Purple Bunny lived in a cave on the other side of town. And the cave was next to a river, so you could see the grape juice everywhere. And Josie came up to the Purple Bunny, and she said, purple Bunny, it seems to be raining more fruit each year. What should we do? What should we do? And the Purple Bunny looked at Josie, and the Purple Bunny said that she had an idea. And Josie said, what is the idea? And the Purple Bunny said that they should do a special Rain Dance. And if they did the Rain dance, then it would stop raining so much grapes, and it would stop raining so much strawberries. And so Josie and The Purple Bunny and her parents did the special Silly Rain Dance, and it stopped raining the strawberries, and it stopped raining the grapes. It worked. And they were the heroes of the town. And the Purple Bunny said that because now there weren't big floods due to the fruit, it was a great place to live again. And Josie said, well, that is really nice that you helped save the day, Purple Bunny. And the Purple Bunny said that because Josie had the idea of going to the Purple Bunny, he would make a special chocolate playground for all of the kids who lived in the town. And the purple bunny said avra Khadavra. And just as he said that, there was a small cloud that started to turn rainbow colors, and it came down to the ground. And then there was the sound of some drums. And after the drums sounded, you could see some fireworks in the sky. And after you looked back down from the sky and saw the fireworks, you could see a big new chocolate playground in front of you. And it had chocolate monkey bars that were really strong. It had a slide made of chocolate. And it was a really fun playground for all of the kids in Josie's town to play in. And Josie decided that she would start to play in the chocolate playground with her parents and with the purple bunny. So the purple bunny started to do some really funny tricks. The purple bunny was able to go on the monkey bars upside down, using its feet. And the purple bunny told Josie that because she was so good to play with, the purple bunny was going to give her a magical notebook. And the purple bunny made a magical notebook appear out of his hands. And the purple bunny gave it to Josie. And Josie looked at the magical notebook, and whenever Josie looked at the magical notebook, whatever she was thinking was written out on the page. And so Josie started to think, wow, this chocolate playground is really cool. And just as she thought that, the words and the right letters started to appear on the magical notebook. And then Josie started to think of a picture of a unicorn. And the picture of the unicorn magically appeared on the magical notebook. And then Josie decided she would start to picture in her mind a magical animal that helped deliver fruit to different towns. And just as she started picturing it, it looked kind of like an elephant, but it had multiple trunks, and it was able to pick up so much fruit, and it had a special kind of basket on its back to put the fruit in. And Josie imagined this pretend animal, and it was able to be drawn on the magical notebook. And the purple bunny looked at the magical notebook and said that it was a good kind of elephant who could help deliver fruit to other towns. And the purple bunny said, avra cadavra. And suddenly, the magical kind of elephant appeared, and it started to help bring all of the bananas that were lying down in the street and all of the extra tomatoes to towns nearby that might want free food. And Josie became the hero of the town. And the purple bunny was always her friend. And the magical notebook continued to work. And Josie wrote down lots of things by just imagining them. And Josie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.