Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse were playing in a playground one day, and they found that you know those slides that have, like they're kind of like tubes and you can go in the slide? Well, they went in one of those slides, and at the very bottom of the slide, they found a remote control that was gold. And Jesse picked up the remote control, and he brought it to his mom to go show her. And when he brought it to his mom, he accidentally pressed the up button on the remote control. And because he was pointing at his mom, his mom went up and started, like, lifting in the air. And that's when Jesse knew that he found a magical gold remote control that could control people. So Jonah told Jesse that he should press the down button so that his mom would get back on the ground. So Jesse pressed the down button, and Jesse's mom, Amanda, went back on the ground. And then Jonah asked Jesse if he could see how it worked. So Jesse gave Jonah the remote control, and Jonah held the remote control, and he saw that there was some squirrels that were running on the tree right next to the playground. And Jesse said, jonah, don't point at the squirrels. But it was too late because Jonah pointed the remote control at the squirrels and he pressed the off button. And then the squirrels just died, and they fell right off the branch of the tree. That was a really big problem. So Jonah, like, he didn't mean to kill the squirrels. It was just an accident. So he pointed the golden remote control at the squirrels, and he pressed the power button again. And then the squirrels got alive again, and they started walking around, and they ran right back to that tree. Well, they realized that they had a very powerful remote control. And so Jesse and Jonah told their mom and dad that they should go and do a lot of cool things with it. And on their way home, they passed a cemetery, which is a place where people are buried. And when Jonah got to the cemetery, he pressed the power button and he pointed it at some graves. And when he did that, there were, like, dead people that went right out of the graves, and they went alive again. And they were just like, after bodies go in the ground, parts of the bodies decompose. They get holes in them and stuff. And so the dead people were walking around with just like, their bones and skeletons and it seemed like a little bit spooky. And Jesse took the remote control away from Jonah quickly because it was too scary. And Jesse meant to press the off button again, but the problem was he pressed the up button and after he pressed the up button, then the skeletons that he made, like get up out of the graves, they started floating in the air. And then Jesse pressed the fast forward button and they started going really fast to chase after Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda. And quickly Jonah took the remote control away from Jesse and he pressed the off button again and they fell back down and so they weren't scary anymore. And that's when Jesse and Jonah realized that they had to be very careful with this golden remote control. And so Jesse said, Jonah, what should we do with our remote control? And they realized that they could use it for some good things also. So one idea that they had was they were going to go to a candy store and then they decided to press the up button while pointing at the candy so the candy could float in the candy store. And the owner of the candy store was really happy about that because then all the kids who got to go to the candy store instead of picking the candy from like shelves or jars or something like that, they just got to reach in the air for lollipops or different kinds of candy. And Jesse and Jonah were having a lot of fun with their remote control. But the problem was that Jesse and Jonah, after when they went to sleep one night, they forgot where they put their remote control. And when they woke up the next day, they were looking all over the house for the remote control and they couldn't find it anywhere until they saw that their parents, Steve and Amanda, were floating. And the one who had the remote control was a kitty cat. And the kitty cat pointed the remote control at Jonah and made Jonah float. And then he pointed it at Jesse and made Jesse float. And the kitty cat pressed like, the fast forward button so that Jesse and Jonah were like going fast in the air and he made them go in circles. And then the kitty cat decided to get leashes and he put a leash on Jesse and a leash on Jonah. And he used the remote control to make Jonah and Jesse go on little walks. And Jesse and Jonah didn't know what to do because they had to do whatever the remote control said and they had no control over it. But they didn't want to be a pet. And it wasn't fair that the kitty got to be in charge. And so they had to figure out a plan for what to do. And Jonah decided to whisper a secret in Jesse's air, in Jesse's ear while they were floating in the air. And Jonah whispered to Jesse, jesse, we have to figure out a way to get the remote control away from the cat. And Jonah thought that he was being so sneaky and that nobody would be able to hear him. But the problem was, the cat put up the volume and made the secret that Jonah was saying be louder. And so even though Jonah thought he was whispering because the cat made the volume go louder, the cat was able to hear what Jonah said to Jesse. And that's when Jonah got in trouble. The cat made Jonah go float all the way back to his room. And then the cat gave Jonah a time out. And he said that Jonah couldn't even talk to Jesse for one whole hour. And Jonah really didn't want to do that because now Jesse had to think of an idea all by himself. And Jesse knew that whatever his idea was, he couldn't say it out loud or else the cat would be able to hear him. He just think of that. Yes. So Jesse just thought of his idea quietly in his head and his idea was a very good idea. He decided that he would have to get some kitty treats. And then you know what kitties like the most of anything. They love to be petted. And so Jesse decided to get some kitty treats and he asked the kitty if he could pet the kitty. And of course, the kitty wanted Jesse to pet him. So Jesse gave the kitty some kitty treats and the kitty was letting Jesse pet him. And as Jesse was petting the kitty cat, he snuck one hand under the bed where the kitty was hiding the golden remote control. And then suddenly he pointed at the kitty and he pressed the pause button. And pause makes things stop. So suddenly, the kitty was, like, frozen. It was almost like the kitty went in a block of ice and the kitty couldn't do anything. And Jesse took the collar and leash off of him and he rushed into Jonah's door and he pressed play so that Jonah could move again and get out of his room. And Jonah got out of his room. And then they found that the kitty had locked their mom and dad in their bedroom and put them on pause. So Jonah pressed play so his parents could move again. And they had to figure out what to do with the kitty because the kitty wasn't a mean kitty like it was usually a nice kitty cat. It's only when the kitty had the remote control that it was starting to be a meanie. And so Jesse and Jonah decided what the best thing that they should do was. They should go to a place that's, like, far away and they should hide that remote control so that nobody could use it. And Jesse and Jonah, they left their kitty in their house and they went on a ride in a car and they went into car seats with their family. And they went all the way to a part of New Zealand where nobody goes. And they hid the golden remote control so that nobody could ever find it again. And if you ever visit New Zealand and you're traveling in the South Island, you should keep your eye out for a golden remote control that could control people and animals. And Jesse and Jonah and the kitty cat and their parents lived happily ever after. The end.