Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Arav. Arav was really good at cooking and he used to help his mom and dad bake yummy treats for everyone to eat. Sometimes, Arav's friends and cousins would come over and they would share some of the cookies or other yummy treats that Arav and his parents made, and everyone would be happy. But the favorite treat of everyone was a special dessert that Arav invented.

You see, Arav liked to experiment and try different things. He came up with a recipe that included rainbow sprinkles, a whole cup of sugar, muffin mix, cake mix, chocolate pieces, and candy cane. After mixing it all together, he added some ice cream and put it in the freezer to freeze. Then, he took it out of the freezer and mixed it up again. He also added something very, very yummy - double sugar! It was like a sandwich of sugar with one layer on the bottom, another in the middle, and a third layer on top.

Arav mixed everything together and asked his mom to put it in the oven. She set the oven to 350 degrees and let it bake for 42 minutes. When the time was up, the oven beeped, and Arav's mom took his special yummy invention out. The delicious smell filled their apartment and drifted out the windows into the whole city where Arav lived. All the kids in the city sniffed the air and could smell the most delicious smell ever. Even the kids inside their houses could smell it!

All the kids told their parents they had to go outside, and they followed the smell until they came to Arav's building. When they got there, all the kids surrounded the building and said, "We want some yummy treat! We want some yummy treat!" Arav didn't know what to say because there wasn't enough for everyone. It was his first time making it, and he didn't know it would be that yummy. So, Arav told his mom to tell all the kids that he was going to build a special robot, a factory that could make all these yummy cakes by itself. But he needed their help to find a magical cow.

Arav told all the kids, "Attention, everyone! I have an important announcement. The only way I can make enough of this yummy treat for all the kids in the whole city is if we find a magic cow that I can program and turn into a robot. Then, it will cook them by itself." Most of the people were quiet because they didn't know where to find a magical cow. But in the back, there was one little kid wearing sandals and a mysterious cape. The kid said, "I know where a magical cow is." All the grownups thought he was joking, but Arav looked into the kid's eyes and saw that he was telling the truth.

Arav said, "Come back here with the magic cow." Everyone followed the kid to his house, where he really did have one. It was a small, blue cow, the size of a kitty cat. The magical cow looked a bit like a robot, but it felt like a real cow. The best part about this magical blue cow was that you could plug it into a computer and program it to do things. 

The kid brought the blue cow to Arav's apartment, and Arav started pressing buttons on his computer until he figured out how to get the magical blue robot cow to mix all the ingredients by itself, using its cow hooves. The cow was really good at it because it was so fast, almost as fast as lightning. Arav shouted out his window to the kids in the street below, "Everyone, the magic cow made a lot of the special yummiest cake. We have enough for everyone!"

All the kids in the city started clapping and cheering. Arav was their hero. Some kids were so excited to eat the special cake that they knocked on the doors, wanting to come in. But Arav said everyone had to form a line and wait their turn. Everyone decided to behave, and Arav gave each child a piece of the special cake. The magic cow kept cooking more and more of the yummiest cake ever, and Arav and his family lived happily ever after. The end.