Welcome to make the stories. My name is Ara. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi. My name is Arab. I live in India, Gujarat. I am eight years old. My birthday is on 6 April. I would like a story about cake, magic, cow and coding. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Arav who lives in Gujarat, India, and who turned nine years old yesterday on April 6. And so we want to say Happy birthday Arav. Happy birthday Olive. And Arav asked for us to make up a story that includes a magical cow, some cake and coding, which is telling computers what to do. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Arav. Arav was really good at cooking and he used to help his mom and his dad bake yummy things for everyone to eat. And sometimes Arav's friends and cousins would come over and they would share some of the cookies or other yummy treats that Arav and his parents would make and everyone would be happy. But the favorite treat of everyone was a kind of thing that Arav invented. You see, Arav liked to experiment and to try different things. And he came up with a recipe and into the recipe went rainbow sprinkles. And then you had to put a whole cup full of sugar. And then you also had to take some muffin mix and some cake mix and some pieces of chocolate and then mix it up with some candy cane. And after you mixed it up with some candy cane, you also had to put in some ice cream. And then you put it in a freezer and it gets all frozen together. Then you take it out of the freezer and you mix it up. And you also have to add something very, very yummy. What is it? The very yummy thing that you have to add is called sugar. Double sugar. Have you ever heard of that? Is it like sugar but another layer of sugar? But another layer of sugar? Yeah, sugar double layer. Sugar is like one layer of sugar on the bottom part of the sandwich of sugar, and then another part in middle, and then there's a part on top too. And so that was what Arab decided to add to the mix. And he mixed it all up. And then he told his mom to put it in the oven. And she set the oven to 350 degrees. They let it bake in the oven for 42 minutes. And after 42 minutes were up, the oven beeped and Arav's mom took his special yummy invention out. When they took it out of the oven, Arav's whole apartment smelled so nice. And the air started going out the windows of his apartment into the whole city where Arav lived. And all the kids in the city sniffed their noses, went and they can smell the most delicious smell in the air. And all of the kids, even the ones who were inside, they could smell it even in their houses. And all of the kids started sticking their noses in the air and smelling the yummiest thing that anyone had ever made. And then all of the kids told their parents that they have to go outside. And all of the kids in the city went outside, and they started following the smell until they came to Arav's building. When they got to the building, all of the kids surrounded it, and they said, we want some yummy thing. We want some yummy thing. And Arav didn't know what to say because there wasn't enough for everyone. And this is his first time cooking it. He didn't know it was going to be that yummy. And so Arav told his mom to tell all of the kids that he was going to build a special robot, and the robot was going to be a factory that could make all of these yummy cakes by itself. And the way that he would do that is he needed people's help to find a magical cow. And Araf told all of the kids. He said, Attention, everyone. I have an important announcement to make. The only way I can make enough of this yummy treat for all of the kids in the whole city is if we find a magic cow that I can program and turn into a robot, and then it will cook them by itself. And most of the people were quiet because they didn't know where to find a magical cow. I haven't even heard of a magical cow before, but in the back, there was one little kid who was wearing some sandals and who had a mysterious cape on his back. And the kid said, I know where a magical cow is. And all of the grownups thought he was joking, but Arav looked into the kid's eyes, and Arav saw that the kid was really telling the truth. And so Arav said, Come back here with the magic cow. And everyone followed the kid to the kid's house, where he really did have one. It wasn't as good as a regular cow because it was littler. It was like a cow, but the size of a kitty cat, and it was blue. And the magical cow, the reason it was magical is because it looked a little bit like a robot. Like, it wasn't a real cow with, like, cow eyes and stuff, but if you touched it, it felt like a real cow. And what was so good about this magical blue cow is that you could plug it into a computer. And if you plug it into the computer, you could program it and tell it what to do. And the way you do that is you press buttons on a computer or on your phone after you plug it into your computer and your phone, and then you could type in, hey, I want this magical blue cow to bake the yummiest cake ever, and then it will help you. So the kid marched back to Arav's apartment and they went into his building and brought the blue little cow up. And Arav started pressing a lot of buttons on his computer until he figured out how to get the magical blue robot cow to mix all of the stuff up by itself, using its cow hooves. And the cow ended up being really good at it because it wasn't a regular real cow. It was so fast, and it could move almost as fast as lightning because that is what Arav told it to do when he coded it. And then Arav shouted out his apartment to the kids in the street below. He said, Everyone, the magic cow made a lot of the special yummiest cake. We were missing a little bit of the sugar, double layer sugar. But after we found some, we realized we had enough. And we put the rainbow sprinkles in it and we also put the ice cream in it and we put the cupcake mix and we put the cake mix and we put the chocolate and we put the candy cane in it and then we froze it and then we baked it in an oven at 350 degrees for 42 minutes. And now there is enough for everyone. And just as Arav said that, all of the kids in the city started clapping and saying yay hooray. And ARV was the hero of everyone. Was there some kid that really just want to open the door and be like, yeah. And there were some kids who were so ready to eat that specialist cake that he made that were banging and knocking on the doors and being like, let me in, let me in. We need this yummy cake because it smelled even more yummy in the city because now he cooked a lot. But Arav said everyone had to form a line and wait their turn. And everyone decided to behave. And Arav. Everyone a piece. And the magic cow kept cooking more and more of this specialist cake ever. And our ovenous family lived happily ever after. The end. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stops.