Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jesse. Jesse's dad was a great warrior. He had a big metal shield, a sword, and a strong helmet with two horns on either side. One morning, Jesse was eating some porridge when his dad told him, "Jesse, it's time for me to go to war, and you are going to come with me." Jesse asked his mom if he could finish his porridge, and she said yes. So Jesse ate two more spoonfuls of porridge and put on his hiking boots.

Jesse opened the front door and followed his father outside. They began to march, and Jesse's dad said, "March, 2, three, 4. March, 2, three, four." Jesse saw that they were marching out of the town, right to where the enemy army was gathering. The enemy army was at the edge of the town, and they had dug big trenches and pits around the town, filled with traps. Jesse asked his father if he could use binoculars to see the traps, and he saw that they had traps with pointy sticks, like spears.

Jesse's dad told him, "It's time for us to do battle." But Jesse suggested that before they fought with their swords, they should try to make their own traps to capture the enemy. Jesse's dad asked for his ideas, and Jesse said they could make lots of cages and throw them over the trees to where the enemy was. When the cages fell, they would trap the enemy.

So Jesse and his dad started to build lots of cages. They used hammers, nails, and long pieces of wood. Jesse showed his dad how they would shoot the cages over to where the enemy was so they would fall on them. Jesse built a catapult using a playground slide, a seesaw, and a rubber band. They put the cage on the slide, pulled back the rubber band, and let it go. The cage would fly over to the enemy and fall on top of them.

Jesse and his dad used the catapult to trap many enemies. But some enemies saw the traps coming and dug tunnels to avoid them. They even broke the traps with their swords and continued to advance. Jesse knew they needed a new idea. He suggested they make the area dusty and then send metal traps. They decided to scatter bread crumbs around bushes to attract birds, which would create dust. The plan worked, and many birds and spiders came.

Jesse had another trap idea: they would use spider webs to make strong ropes and throw them on the enemy. The enemy would stick to the ropes, and their swords couldn't cut through them. They gathered many spiders and made long ropes out of spider webs. They used the catapult again to throw the spider web ropes at the enemy. The enemy got stuck and tried to cut the webs with their swords, but the webs were too strong and sticky.

One enemy tried to burn the spider web ropes with a torch, but it only made them stickier. Jesse told his dad that they had successfully defended the village from the invading army. The townspeople, including the mayor, praised Jesse for his clever traps. The enemies apologized, and Jesse let them go but banished them from the village forever.

Jesse became the new mayor of the city, even though he was just four years old. As mayor, he decided to give all the kids in the city free stickers. Jesse ruled his village happily ever after. The end.