Hi. My name is Rose. Welcome to makeup stories. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the Makeup Stories club. Nayo AI. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from my younger son Jesse, who asks that we make up a story about a picture that lifts persons up. Right, Jesse? Yeah. Okay. And Jonah, do you want anything to be in the story? No. He said no, which is no. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse. And Jesse's dad was a great warrior. And his dad had a big shield that was made out of metal. And his dad also carried a sword and had a strong helmet that had two horns on either side. It was the morning time, and Jesse was eating some porridge. And Jesse's dad told Jesse, jesse, it's time for me to go to war, and you are going to come with me. And Jesse asked his mom if he would get to finish his porridge. And Jesse's mother said yes. So Jesse ate two more spoonfuls of his porridge, and then he put on his hiking boots. Jesse opened the front door, and he followed his father outside. They began to march, and Jesse's dad said, march, 2, three, 4. March, 2, three, four. And Jesse could see that he was marching out of the town, right to the place where all of the enemy army was gathering. The enemy army was gathering at the edge of the town. And you could see that there would be big trenches, big, like ditches and pits that the enemy had dug right around the town. And in all of those ditches and the pits, they put traps. And Jesse asked his father if he could use some binoculars to see the traps. And Jesse saw that they had traps which had different sticks. Jesse's father told him, Sticks with fields? Yeah, and the sticks were kind of pointy like spears. Jesse's dad told him, It's time for us to do battle. And Jesse told his dad that before they went out to do battle with their swords, they should try to make their own traps to capture the enemy. And Jesse's dad asked Jesse what his ideas were. And Jesse said that they could make, like, a lot of cages, and they could throw the cages over the trees to where the enemy was. And when the cages fall down, they would fall down on top of the enemy and then trap them. And so Jesse and his dad started to build a lot of cages. They needed to use a lot of hammers and a lot of nails, and they had to use a lot of long pieces of wood. And they put together these cages. And Jesse showed his dad how they were going to have to shoot the cages over to where the enemy was so it would fall down on the enemy. And Jesse built a catapult. And the catapult was like a long slide, but they cut the slide off of the playground, and they put it kind of like in a seesaw position on top of a log. And there was a rubber band that was attached to one side of the slide, and that rubber band would pull down that slide, and on top of that would be the trap. And then you'd let go of the rubber band, and the trap would fly all the way over to where the enemy was and fall down right on top of him. And so Jesse started to use his special catapult using the rubber bands and the playground slide, and they trapped so many of the enemies. But unfortunately, some of the enemies saw that the traps were coming, and they started to duck under, and they dug tunnels so that the traps couldn't go on top of them. They dug under a part of then they came up, then they dug under a part of the traps, all the ones that had been trapped. Yeah, and then they dug, like, even under the traps. They even broke the traps under the traps with four swords. Yeah. And they used their swords to break the bottoms of the traps to get set free after they dug their tunnels. And the enemies were coming once more. And so Jesse said he needed to have a new idea. And Jesse's dad asked what? Okay, what's your idea? They could set off, like, a bomb near there so it gets really dusty, then send the traps. But metal traps. Well, this is what they decided to do. The first thing that they decided to do was they decided to put out, like, they got some pieces of bread, and then they smushed up the bread until it was like a lot of crumbs. And then after there were so many crumbs, they scattered the crumbs around bushes. And then do you know what happened when there were so many crumbs? From breads from bread on the bushes? No. There were so many birds that came that you couldn't even imagine. And then all of those birds, all of those rocks yeah, the whole sky was full of birds, because the birds since there was war everywhere, there wasn't so much food for the birds to eat, and so many different birds came. And when the birds came, well, spiders sometimes like to see birds, and so spiders came out, too. And that's when Jesse had his next trap idea. Jesse told his dad that the trap they should use would had to do with a lot of spider webs. He told his dad they should just get the spiders to make so many spider webs, and then they should tie the different spider webs together so it'd be like ropes. And then they should throw the spider web ropes on the enemy, and the enemy would stick to those ropes, and the spider web ropes would be so strong because it would be so many spider webs put together that the enemy swords couldn't even cut through it. And so that's exactly what they did. They got so many spiders to come and yeah, Bud, what happened was, when they caught one, all of the swords, they combined it and cut it. Well, first they put together these long ropes made out of spider web, and then they used the catapult again, that was like the playground slide and the seesaw part and the rubber bands. And then they used the catapult to make all of that spider web rope go all the way to the enemy, and it landed on top of the enemy, and the enemy got stuck. And they tried to combine their swords to cut the spider web. But the spider web was way too strong, and their swords just stuck to the spider web, so it was like glue. So they tried to cut through it, but when they tried to pull their sword back, they just couldn't put. Someone had a better idea. They took a bunch of torches and they melted it. Well, and those bad guys couldn't figure out what to do to get out. And one of them decided that he would, like, light a fire and see if that could burn up the spider web thing or melt it. But what happened is when he put the flame of the fire under the spider web rope, which was so sticky, then it just turned into glue, and they got even more stuck. And so Jesse told his dad that they succeeded in defending the village from the invading army. And all of the people in the town, including the mayor, they went to go look, and they said, jesse, you're just four years old. You're not even a big warrior, but you figured out how to do good traps, how to make good traps so that you could get the enemy. And there was a parade in the town to celebrate Jesse and all of the people who were the enemies, they all said they were sorry. And Jesse decided to let them go. But he told them that they were banished from the village forever and that they could never go back. And they said they were so sorry. And Jesse became the new mayor of the city, even though he was just four years old. And yes, Bud, he was the youngest mayor ever. And Jesse decided he did become the mayor. And Jesse decided that as the mayor of the city, he was going to let all of the kids in the city have free stickers. And Jesse ruled his village happily ever after. The end.