Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse lived in a treehouse in the jungle. There used to be lots of noises of monkeys hooting and hollering and singing in the jungle. There would also be lots of noises of parrots and different kinds of birds making sounds in the jungle. Jesse and Jonah's treehouse didn't have windows made out of glass. There were just two branches sideways like an X, and then holes in them. There was one bird who they called Papai that used to fly into their window and go into their treehouse with them. Papai was a parrot, and the parrot used to be able to repeat whatever Jonah and Jesse said. So Jesse used to teach it how to talk English.

One day, Jesse said, "Merkel, Merca Braca." The parrot said, "Merkel Braca Bra." And whatever Jesse said, the parrot would repeat. Jesse taught the parrot to say, "Hi, my name is Jesse." The parrot would go over to different tree houses in the jungle and tell Jesse's friends, "Hi, my name is Jesse." They would always think that Jesse was going to visit, but really it was just the parrot. Jesse also taught the parrot other things. He taught the parrot how to ask for candy, and the parrot would go to different tree houses and ask people for candy, and it would carry back the candy all the way to Jesse's treehouse.

One day, Jesse taught the parrot to say, "Could I please have the magic stone?" Jesse was just kind of joking. He didn't really think that there was a magic stone. But that night, when Jesse went to sleep in his bed in the treehouse, the parrot, Papai, flew through the rainforest all the way to an old wizard's treehouse. The old wizard lived inside of a tree, and there was a pole that he used to go down to go to the bottom of the tree. And under the tree, there was a basement. In the basement, he had a factory for magic things. There was a big cauldron in the factory, and the cauldron had bubbles, and it was full of water that would change colors when you looked at it.

Papai, the parrot, flew into the tree and went down to the bottom, to the basement, where the wizard was busy brewing some magic cereal. The parrot Papai said, "Can I have a magic stone?" The wizard looked at the parrot and saw that the parrot had the same colors on its wings as the water in his cauldron. Whatever color the parrot was, so too, the bubbles in the cauldron would bubble that color. The parrot was changing colors, and the cauldron was also changing colors. There was red, blue, green, orange, yellow, and purple. Soon all of the water in the cauldron evaporated, and there was a colorful cloud that went poof, and a bunch of chalk dust fell. In the empty cauldron was a magical rock. The wizard gave the magical rock to the parrot Papai. Papai picked up the magical rock and flew up the tree, out of the wizard's treehouse, through the rainforest, past some monkeys that were trying to get the magical stone, and all the way to Jesse's treehouse.

When the parrot went to Jesse's treehouse, it went through the window. Jesse was sleeping on his pillow in his bed, and he kind of felt something like crawling on his face, and it was the parrot's feet, and it dropped the magic stone right on Jesse's pillow. When Jesse woke up, he saw the magic stone shimmering on his pillow. He saw his pillow was getting softer and changing colors, and he touched the magic stone. As Jesse touched the magic stone, he could feel that the tree that his treehouse was attached to was getting detached from the ground and was starting to walk. The other trees in the rainforest were also starting to walk. There was a wind that came, and all of the trees were walking in the wind, and they were going back and forth.

Jesse picked up his magical stone and got out of bed. He said, "Jonah, look outside." Jonah looked out the window and saw all of the monkeys were jumping from tree to tree as the trees were holding hands and dancing in a circle. There was a group of trees that were troublemakers. Those troublemaker trees said, "Ring around a Rosie," and they held hands and started going in a circle. But there were different kids' treehouses attached to those trees, and the trees were going to all fall down, and then all of those kids' houses would crash onto the ground.

So Jesse pointed to those trees that were doing ring around a Rosie, and he held the magic stone in his hand, and he said, "Stop doing ring around a Rosie." The trees stopped because of Jesse's magic. Jesse made some glue go out of his hand, and the trees that were trying to go out got stuck in the glue trap. Then Jesse made the treehouses fly off of those trees and get attached to different trees.

Jesse saw that he had lots of power. He decided that all of those trees, which were playing ring around a Rosie, would be turned into people, and they would have people bodies but tree heads. They would kind of be like zombie people because, even though they had people-like arms and legs, their tops would be trees instead of heads. So Jesse turned them into zombies. The trees were stuck in the glue, and they couldn't move anywhere. Jesse could see that one of the trees was starting to cry. Jesse started to feel bad a little bit because he wasn't really trying to be so mean to the trees. He just didn't want them to destroy all of the treehouses.

So Jesse pointed with his magic stone at the trees, and he turned them back into regular trees, and he made the glue go away. All of the trees, first, they started whistling in the wind, and then they started to sing the "I'm Sorry" song. As the trees sang the "I'm Sorry" song, Jesse looked at his magical rock and realized he would have to be very careful about how he used it in the future. He said goodbye to Papai that day as he set off for a day full of adventure. The end.