Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six-year-old girl named Brigitte. Brigitte lived near a magical train station where the trains, called ChuChus, were very colorful and had fireworks come out of them. The ChuChus also sometimes said, "ding dong, ding dong" as they went by. Some of the ChuChu trains even had birthday cakes on top of them.

One day, winter was coming, and it was starting to get so cold. Brigitte looked outside and saw that it was snowy, and there was wind that was howling. Everyone had on their jackets, mittens, and snow boots. All of the kids were going outside to play in the snow. Some friends were making snowballs by padding the snow together and making it into a ball. Some friends were making snowmen, and some friends were lying down in the snow and flapping their arms, pretending to be angels.

Brigitte told her mom that they should probably go to the lake near her house to see if it was frozen. Brigitte got on her snow boots, her snow jacket, and her mittens, and she and her mom went to the pond. When they got to the pond, they saw that it was frozen and that there was a pair of magical ice skates right near the pond.

Brigitta asked her mom if she could put on the magical ice skates. The magical ice skates were pink and had many different twinkly, sparkly colors on the bottom. Whenever people looked at the magical ice skates, they had to say, "wow." The magical ice skates smelled like a yummy muffin, even though they weren't food. Usually, if something's not food, it doesn't smell like a muffin. But these ice skates smelled like a muffin.

Brigitte put on the magic ice skates and asked her mom to go on the lake to test if the ice was thick enough to skate on. Brigitte's mom stepped on the lake and said, "It's okay. We can go ice skating on it." Brigitte put on the magical ice skates and started to skate on the lake. Her mom went on the lake too and fell down because it was so slippery, and her mom didn't have ice skates on. But Brigitte helped her mom get up, and they said, "Woof."

Brigitte started to ice skate, and as she was ice skating, she felt something funny in one of her magical ice skates. It felt like maybe there was a lollipop stuck in the ice skate, or it could have been a piece of chocolate, but it felt like maybe there was a candy or something there. Brigitte asked her mom if she could help her take off the magic ice skate. When she took off the magic ice skate, she found a bracelet. The bracelet was so special because it had many different colored rocks, some of them were very shiny, and it had letters that spelled "treasure."

Brigitte put on the bracelet, and then she put her ice skate back on and started to skate. But soon, Brigitte fell down, and the bracelet fell down. When Brigitte looked where the bracelet fell down, she saw a mermaid who was frozen in the ice. Brigitte could see the mermaid from on top of the frozen lake. The mermaid was under the frozen ice, and it looked like the mermaid was saying, "Help. Help. Get me out of the frozen ice because I'm frozen under the lake."

Brigitte got her mom and said, "Mom, emergency! There's a mermaid that's frozen under the lake. We need to help." Her mom said, "Okay." Brigitte took off her magic ice skates and decided to rub the ice skates together to see if anything would happen, even though they were magical ice skates. When she rubbed the ice skates together, little colorful sparks started to come out.

Suddenly, Queen Elsa appeared from the other side of the lake. It seemed like Queen Elsa was wearing magical ice skates also. Queen Elsa skated right up to Brigitta, and Brigitta said, "Queen Elsa, Queen Elsa, we need your help because there's a mermaid that is stuck under the frozen lake." Queen Elsa skated right over and looked at the frozen mermaid.

Queen Elsa said, "Brigitte, it's so good that you found me. Usually, I make things into ice. I'm not so good at turning things out of ice and turning them back to water." But Queen Elsa said she had an idea. Queen Elsa suggested rubbing her magic ice skates with Brigitte's magic ice skates to see what would happen.

Brigitte and Queen Elsa started rubbing their ice skates together, and a lot of sparks came out. All of the sparks turned into fireflies. Fireflies are little bugs that light up, and they can make a teensy-weensy bit of fire. Queen Elsa and Brigitte kept rubbing their ice skates together until more and more fireflies came. Soon there were so many fireflies that everywhere you looked, there were lights in the air.

Brigitte said, "Oh, I know what we could do. We could have all of the fireflies go near the frozen lake, and that will melt the frozen lake." Brigitta and Queen Elsa agreed that it was a good idea. All the fireflies started whooshing down next to the lake, and they began to melt the lake. They melted it and melted it.

Suddenly, Brigitte realized that it was getting wet under her, and she didn't want to fall into freezing cold water. So she said, "Queen Elsa, Queen Elsa, what should I do?" Queen Elsa said, "Wait. Before we make the ice all the way into water, let's rub our ice skates together again to make a unicorn appear."

They rubbed their ice skates together, and a unicorn came out of the sky with one horn in front of its head. It started flapping its unicorn wings and flapped all the way down to Brigitte and Queen Elsa. The unicorn had floaty equipment with it. It had so many floaties that Brigitte could just stay on a floaty. There were even inflatable boats full of air that the unicorn brought with it.

The unicorn let Brigitta go in one of the floaty boats, and it let Brigitta's mom have some floaty equipment. They melted the lake with the fireflies, and soon the frozen lake turned into water, and the mermaid who was stuck inside was rescued.

When the mermaid was free, the mermaid said, "Brigitte, Brigitta, I wanted to wish you a happy birthday." Brigitte was so happy because she had never been wished a happy birthday by a mermaid. Brigitte asked the mermaid if she could help push their boat back to the shore. The mermaid pushed Brigitte's boat back to the shore.

Brigitte left the magic ice skates where she found them and said goodbye to Queen Elsa, the unicorn, and the mermaid. She went back home that day, and she lived happily ever after. The end.

Tell all your friends to listen to the story because they will like it.