Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. Hi. My name is Brigitte. I am six years old. I will be seven three weeks. My birthday is on November 2. I live in New Jersey and I and I will eat four things in the story queen Alpha, a unicorn, a mermaid, and an ice rink. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a six year old girl whose birthday is coming up and who's about to be seven. And her name is Brigitta and she lives in New Jersey. And Brigitte asked for us to make up a story that includes Queen Elsa, a unicorn, a mermaid and an ice rink. Usually we ask kids to ask for three things in a story, but because Brigitte's birthday is coming up, we'll make an exception. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six year old girl whose name was Brigitte. Brigitte lived near a magical train station where the trains that came by and said ChuChu were very colorful and had fireworks come out of them. And the ChuChus also sometimes said, ding dong, ding dong as they went by. And some of the ChuChu trains would even have birthday cakes on top of them. Well, one day winter was coming and it was starting to get so cold, and Brigitte looked outside and she saw that it was snowy and there was wind that was howling. And everyone had on their jackets and their mittens and their snow boots. And all of the kids were going outside to play in the snow. And some friends were making snowballs by padding the snow together and making it into a ball. And some friends were making snowmen, and some friends were lying down in the snow and flapping their arms and pretending to be angels. Well, Brigitte told her mom that they should probably go to the lake near her house to see if it was frozen. And so Brigitte got on her snow boots and she got on her snow jacket and she got on her mittens and she and her mom went to the pond. When they got to the pond, they saw that it was frozen and that there was a pair of magical ice skates right near the pond. Brigata asked her mom if she could put on the magical ice skates. The magical ice skates were pink and on the bottom they had so many different twinkly sparkly colors. And whenever people looked at the magical ice skates, they had to say, wow. And the magical ice skates smelled like a yummy muffin, even though they weren't food. Usually if something's not a food, then it doesn't smell like a muffin. But these ice skates smelled like a muffin. Well, Brigitte put on the magic ice skates and she asked her mom to go on the lake to test if the ice was thick enough to skate on. So Brigitte's mom stepped on the lake and she said, It's okay. We can go ice skating on it. And Brigitte put on the magical ice skates, and she started to skate on the lake. Her mom went on the lake too, and fell down because it was so slippery. And her mom didn't have ice skates on. But Brigitte helped her mom get up, and they said, Woof. And then Brigitte started to ice skate just as she was ice skating. She felt something funny in one of her magical ice skates. It felt like maybe there was a lollipop stuck in the ice skate, or it could have been a piece of chocolate, but it felt like maybe there was a candy or something there. And Brigitte asked her mom if she could help her take off the magic ice skate. And when she took off the magic ice skate, she found a bracelet. The bracelet was so special because it had so many different colored rocks, and some of them were very shiny, and it had letters that spelled treasure. So Brigitte put on the bracelet, and then she put her ice skate back on, and she started to skate. But soon Brigitte fell down and the bracelet fell down. And when Brigitte looked where the bracelet fell down, do you know what she saw in the lake? There was a mermaid who was frozen in the ice. And Brigitte could see the mermaid from on top of the frozen lake. And the mermaid was under the frozen ice, and it looked like the mermaid was saying, Help. Help. Get me out of the frozen ice because I'm frozen under the lake. So Brigitte got her mom and said, mom, emergency. There's a mermaid that's frozen under the lake. We need to help. And her mom said okay. Well, Brigitte took off her magic ice skates, and she decided to rub the ice skates together to see if anything would happen, because probably nothing would happen, even though they were magical ice skates. But when she rubbed the ice skates together, there were little colorful sparks that started to come out. And suddenly Queen Elsa appeared from the other side of the lake. And it seemed like Queen Elsa was wearing magical ice skates also. And Queen Elsa skated right up to Brigitta. And Brigitta said, Queen Elsa, Queen Elsa, we need your help because there's a mermaid that is stuck under the frozen lake. And Queen Elsa skated right over and looked at the frozen mermaid. And Queen Elsa said, brigitte, it's so good that you found me. Usually I make things into ice. I'm not so good at turning things out of ice and turning them back to water. But Queen Elsa said she had an idea. Queen Elsa said, how about she rubbed Queen Elsa's magic ice skates with Brigitte's magic ice skates and then see what happened? And so Brigitte and Queen Elsa started rubbing their ice skates together, and a lot of sparks came out, and all of the sparks turned into fireflies. Fireflies are little bugs that light up and they can make, like, a teensy weency bit of fire. And Queen Elsa and Brigitte kept rubbing their ice skates together until more and more fireflies came. And soon there were so many fireflies that everywhere you looked, there were lights in the air. And Brigitte said, oh, I know what we could do. We could have all of the fireflies go near the frozen lake, and that will melt the frozen lake. And Brigitta and Queen Elsa agreed that that was a good idea. So all the fireflies started whooshing. Down next to the lake, and they started to melt the lake. They melted it and melted it. They started melting it and melting it. And suddenly Brigitte realized that it was getting wet under her and she didn't want to fall into freezing cold water. So she said, queen Elsa, queen Elsa, what should I do? And Queen Elsa said wait. Before we make the ice all the way into water, let's rub our ice skates together again to make a unicorn a pair. And they rubbed their ice skates together, and a unicorn came out of the sky with one horn in front of its head, and it started flapping its unicorn wings and flapped all the way down to Brigitte and Queen Elsa. And guess what the unicorn had with it? What? Floaty equipment. It had so many floaties so that Brigitte could just stay on a floaty. And there were even, like, little inflatable boats that were full of air that the unicorn brought with it. And the unicorn let Brigitta go in one of the floaty boats, and it let Brigitta's mom have some floaty equipment, and it melted the lake with the fireflies. And soon the frozen lake turned into water, and the mermaid, who was stuck inside was rescued. When the mermaid was free, the mermaid said, brigitte, Brigitta, I wanted to wish you a happy birthday. And Brigitte was so happy because she never got wished a happy birthday by a mermaid. And Brigitte asked the mermaid if she could help push their boat back to the shore. And the mermaid pushed Brigitte's boat back to the shore. And Brigitte left the magic ice skates where she found them and said goodbye to Queen Elsa, the unicorn, and the mermaid. And she went back home that day, and she lived happily ever after. The End tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.