Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Sully. Sully told his parents that he wanted to move to a farm. So, his parents said they would move to a farm the very next day. When Sully woke up, he had breakfast. His mama made him pancakes with maple syrup on a plate. Sully loved maple syrup because it was so sweet and yummy. But sometimes his mama didn't let him have too much.

After Sully finished his pancakes, his mama said, "Let's go outside because there's a truck that's going to help us move." Sully looked outside, and he didn't see a moving truck or a pickup truck. The truck his parents used was a fire truck! Usually, people use fire trucks only to put out fires, but this fire truck was empty and extra. Sully's papa was driving it. Sully didn't know his papa could drive a fire truck, but there he was, wearing a fire hat and driving the truck.

Sully and his mom packed up all their toys and put them in the fire truck. Then, Sully climbed into the fire truck seat, and his mom went in the back. He asked his dad if they could turn on the siren as they went to the farm. His dad said, "It's not an emergency, so we're not going to use the siren today." So instead, as the fire truck drove on the road outside the city, Sully just pretended to use the siren quietly, so no one thought it was an emergency.

Soon, Sully's papa pulled up to a farm in the fire truck. This farm was not a regular farm with cows, sheep, chickens, and pigs. It was a farm for jungle animals! On the farm, there were giraffes, monkeys, leopards, cheetahs, and parrots. The parrots could talk, and they repeated whatever you said.

Sully and his parents unpacked everything from the fire truck and put it in a big red barn. After they moved all their furniture, Sully said it was time to explore the farm. So, Sully held his mama and dada's hands, and they started walking around.

The first thing they saw was a big apple tree with lots of monkeys in the branches. When the monkeys saw the fire truck, they took apples off the tree and threw them up in the air. The parrots caught the apples while they were still in the air. There were probably 87 parrots, which is a big number!

Suddenly, a giraffe appeared and tried to reach its tall head to get some apples from the parrots. The parrots flew away, but the giraffe had a friend named Clanky, who was a cheetah. Clanky did a special trick where he jumped on top of the giraffe and ran up its neck, then jumped off its head to catch an apple from a parrot. Clanky brought the apple to Sully, who thanked him and started eating it.

A friendly lion named Leila told Sully she was happy he moved there. Sully said he would be the best farm person and take good care of all the animals. Leila gave Sully a hug, and they looked up to see the parrots flying in a circle. In the middle of the circle was a giant dinosaur!

Sully asked Leila if she would protect him from the dinosaur. Leila said, "Don't worry, that dinosaur is my friend, and his name is Danny." Sully asked how Danny survived the meteor that hit Earth. Leila explained that Danny hid in a cave and later had babies in a jungle where no one could find them. Danny decided to live on Sully's farm, and all the animals shared apples with him.

Sully promised to keep Danny's secret, and all the animals told him they were happy he moved to the farm. That night, they had a pajama dance party with Sully and his parents. Sully's parents told him a made-up story about living on a regular farm, which Sully thought was silly. From then on, Sully took good care of his animals, and they all lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they will like it!