My name is Sally, and I'm from Canada. How old are you? Four. Okay. What would you like in your story, Sally? I'd like my papa. And I would like dino. Dinos. And lion. And elephant. Yep. You want to say thank you for your story? Thank you for your stories in the tractor and small puppies, small cat. Any of those things would be good, right? My birthday was 40. December 44. Bye. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a listener named Sully. And Sully asked for us to make up a story that includes jungle animals on a farm and dinosaurs and Sully's papa. And we are going to add the big bang. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Sully. Sully told his parents that he wanted to move to a farm. And so his parents told Sully that they were going to move the next day to a farm. When Sully woke up first, he had breakfast. And for breakfast, his mama gave him pancakes with maple syrup on a plate. And Sully loved maple syrup because it was so sweet and sugary. But sometimes his mama didn't let him have so much. After Sully finished his pancakes with maple syrup, celly's mama said, let's go outside because there's a truck that's going to help us move. And Sully looked outside, and he did not see a moving truck, and he did not see a pickup truck. The truck that Selly's parents used was a fire truck. Usually people use fire trucks only to put out fires, but this fire truck was empty, and it was extra, and Sully's papa was driving it. Sully didn't know that his papa could drive a fire truck. But there his papa was in a fire hat, driving a fire truck. And Sully and his mom packed up all of their toys and put it in the fire truck. And then Sully climbed up into the fire truck seat, and his mom went in the back of the fire truck, and he asked his dad if they could turn on the siren as they went to the farm. His dad said, It's not an emergency, so we're not going to use the siren today. So instead, as the fire truck was driving on the road outside of the city, sully just said, but he said it quietly, so not everybody else thought that it was an emergency. Soon, Celly's papa, who was in the fire truck, pulled up to a farm. Now, the farm that Selly's papa pulled up to in the fire truck was not a regular farm because regular farms have animals like cows and sheep and chicken and pigs. But this farm was a farm for jungle animals, and on the farm, instead of having pigs but how did they I didn't know fire trucks have so much room in the back that has enough for a bed, a walking chair, even a clothing thing, even. Yes, that's a good question. Some fire trucks, most fire trucks don't have enough room in them to be moving trucks. But this fire truck that Sully's papa drove had no water in it. And the space where fire trucks usually have water, which is in the inside, that's where they put all of their stuff. When they got to the farm, Sully saw some strange animals. One of the animals was a giraffe, and there were also some monkeys, and there was a leopard and there was a cheetah, and there were some parrots. And the parrots on this farm were able to talk and whatever you said, the parrots repeated. Well, Celly told his parents that it was time for them to unpack stuff. His parents unpacked everything from the fire truck and put it in a big red barn. After they moved all their furniture to a big red barn, celly told his parents that it's time to look at what's on the farm. And so Sully held his mama and dada's hand and he started to walk around the farm. The first thing that Sully saw was a big apple tree. Apple trees are trees that have apples that grow on them. On this apple tree, there were so many monkeys, and the monkeys were in the branches of the apple tree. And when they saw the fire truck, the monkeys said and all of the monkeys took the apples off of the apple tree and they started throwing them up in the air. After they threw them up in the air, the parrots that lived on the farm started to catch the apples while they were still in the air. And all of the parrots were holding the apples and flapping about. And there were probably 87 different parrots. 87 is a big number. So there were so many parrots. Well, it isn't a big number compared to 100. That's true. 87 is a big number compared to three, but a bigger number is 101. Hundred is also 10,000. So all of the parrots were carrying the apples that the monkey threw about, when suddenly a giraffe appeared and the giraffe tried to reach his tall head because the giraffe was so, so tall and tried to get some of the apples from the parrots. Parrots are birdies. And when the birdies saw that the giraffe was coming near, the birdies flapped away. But what they didn't know is that the giraffe had a friend whose name was Clanky. And Clanky was a cheetah. And Clanky, the Cheetah used to do a special trick. And the trick was he would jump on top of the giraffe, who was his friend, and he would climb up the giraffe's back and go, speed, fast, cheetah speed all the way up the giraffe's neck and then jump off the giraffe's head. And he could jump so high into the air because cheetahs are good jumpers. Well, the cheetah did that and he ran on top of the giraffe and jumped off the giraffe's head and tried to jump all the way to a parrot. And do you know what happened? The cheetah was able to get an apple from the parrot. And so the cheetah brought the apple to Sully. And Sully said, cranky Cheetah, thank you for giving me the apple. And he started numb NUM, numbing it as he was numb, numbing the apple and eating it all up. There was a friendly lion, and the lion was a girl, and her name was Leila. Leila the lion told Sully that she was so happy that Sully just moved there. And Sully said, Layla, I'm going to be the best farm person, and I'm going to take good care of all of the animals. And Leila. The lion gave Sully a hug. While they were hugging, all of the parrots started going in a circle in the sky. And they were going, Circle, circle, circle, circle. And Sully looked up, and do you know what he saw in middle of the parrot circle? What? A giant dinosaur. And all of the parrots, which are colorful birds, were carrying the apples and circling around a dinosaur's head. And the dinosaur said, RA. And Sully asked the lion, Leila, if Leila the lion would protect him from the dinosaur. And leila. The lion said, don't worry. That dinosaur is my friend, and his name is Danny. But how did the dinosaur survive the meteor that hit Earth? And Sully asked Leila the lion how the dinosaur survived the meteor that hit Earth. And Leila the lion said that this dinosaur saw the meteor coming, and it hid in a cave where nobody could find it and where the explosion couldn't reach it. And so it survived while all the other animals died. And then it ran away to a jungle where nobody could find it, and it had babies and so on and so forth. And that's how the dinosaur survived. And nobody knew about it. But the dinosaur decided to live on Celly's farm. So Celly told Danny the dinosaur that he would keep it a secret, and all of the parrots who were carrying the apples decided to share the apples with Danny the Dino. Danny the Dino was a silly dinosaur who loved apples. And all of the animals, including the monkeys, started to behave, and they told Sully that they were so happy. Daddy. But how did the dinosaur run away from the meteor? Because the meteor was so big. The dinosaur was in the right place. When the meteor came, it was lucky. It was in a cave. And all of the animals told Sully that they were so happy that he moved onto the farm. And Sully told them it was time for a pajama dance. And Sully's parents and Sully put on their pajamas, and they also put some pajamas on the monkeys. And all of the jungle animals that lived on Sully's new farm had a pajama dance. And that night, sully's papa and Sully's mama told him a maked up story about a time when he lived on a regular farm. And Sully thought that story was so silly. And Sully started taking good care of his animals, and Sully and the animals lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.