Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy who had a birthday party. The boy was so happy because at his birthday party, they had a big bounce house. And then the boy had an idea. He said, what if we put the bounce house on top of a trampoline? And then if we bounce in the bounce house, it'll be extra springy and jumpy, and we'll go higher and higher. And the boy's mom said, I'm not so sure that the bounce house would be very sturdy. But the boy had an idea. He said, how about we put a lot of helium balloons on top, so if it starts to tip over a little bit, then it'll just be balanced on the other side from the balloons. And the mom said, I'm still not sure that's sturdy enough. And then the boy said, okay, well, on the bottom of all of the corners of the bounce house, we'll put little toy rocket ships, and in case it starts falling, then the rocket ship will just blast off from that side so that the bounce house would be balanced. The boy's mom said that that was a good idea.

The next day, it was the boy's birthday. So many people were coming to the playground where the bounce house was being set up, and the boy's friends started coming out of their cars, and some of them had goodie bags full of candy. And there was a big cake that was being prepared right for the kids to have in the playground after the bounce house. And then there was a whistle. And the lady who was in charge of the bounce house said, time for everyone to go in the trampoline bounce house that has helium balloons on top and toy rockets on the side. And then the birthday boy said, me first. And everyone followed him in the bounce house.

It was a really big bounce house, and it had two levels. There was one level that was the bottom level. That was where the slide went. There was also another level of the bounce house, which you could climb up to on the ladder. The bottom level was made of regular bounce house material, so like a rubber. But the trampoline was under it so that it would be extra bouncy. Because this wasn't just a regular bounce house. The kind of bounce house that this was is the kind that they use in bounce house factories where they make bounce houses. Those are made of bounce houses. So bounce house factories are like big bounce houses. And this was from the bounce house factory, the part with the trampoline under it. So, you know, it's a good trampoline and a good bounce house.

But there were two levels, and on the bottom level is where the slide went. The top level the kids could climb up to and they could jump up and down. And there was also a plastic fire pole that the kids could slide down to go to the bottom of the bounce house. The lady who is in charge of the bounce house said the kids had to split up between different levels so that there was enough room for everyone. And then the birthday boy had an idea. He said, how about let's all jump at the same time? And so all of the kids said, one, two, three, wee. And then they made their biggest jump. And do you know what happened? The bounce house bounced off of the trampoline, and the helium balloon started carrying the bounce house with all of the kids in it away in the air. And the bounce house started to get higher and higher, and all of the kids were like, whoo, we're flying through the air. And the kids weren't really worried because the birthday boy realized that if he pulled the strings of the helium balloon, he could steer the bounce house. And so the bounce house was like a floating party.

And all of the kids were going, yeah, but what about the grown ups? All of the kids were going down the fire pole in the bounce house and the slide and climbing up the ladder, and the grownups were on the bottom, like saying, come back, come back. We need to eat the birthday cake. And the birthday boy was like, oh, we do need to eat the birthday cake. And so all of the kids were like, how do we get back down to get to the birthday cake? And the kids looked up and they saw the moon. And the birthday boy was like, I hope we don't go all the way up to the moon. Because there were rocket boosters, they attached toy rockets to it, and they were worried that they would go higher past the moon, all the way to the sun, and there would be a bounce house party in outer space. That would be fun, but it wouldn't be so good because there's no air in space. Yeah, they would fall into space, and there's no birthday cake in space that we know of. And although, wouldn't it be funny if there was a whole planet made of birthday cake that could be somewhere because there's a lot of planets.

Anyway, the bounce house was going so high past the clouds, and as it was going up, the birthday boy realized something. He remembered that if you popped, like, just one of the balloons, not all of them, then it wouldn't go up anymore because it would be less helium balloons pulling it up. So he pulled in one balloon and popped it. And guess what happened? The bounce house didn't fall down fast. It went very slowly because there were still 17 different helium balloons that were going. And the boy said he had an idea for how to land slowly. When they were getting close to the trampoline. He steered the bounce house through the air as some birds flew by, and they got really close to the playground, and all of the parents were saying, yay. Yippee. You're doing such a good job steering it. And as they got closer and closer, the boy realized that unless he wanted a hard landing, he needed to use the rocket thrusters to land it gently. So when they got closer to the ground, he told his friends that were in the corner to do a blastoff mode, and they all pressed the buttons to do blastoff. Right at the same time as the bounce house was lowering itself down onto the trampoline. And the boy and his friends landed safely back on the trampoline, and all of the parents were clapping.

And all of the parents were telling the birthday boy that he had done such a good job. And then the kids were like, finally, birthday cake. Birthday cake. So all of the kids got out of the bounce house, and some decided that they wanted to have one piece of birthday cake. And some were like, Wait, we want to stay on the bounce house. And then there were different people who were like, well, how about we get a piece of birthday cake? And usually you shouldn't eat cake in the bounce house. But all of the kids were like, we want to eat the birthday cake inside the bounce house. Oh, boy. Yeah, it was pretty silly. And so the birthday boy told all the kids that they had to make a single file line and that there was enough cake for everybody. And they sang Happy Birthday. And everyone said he was doing such a good job, and he got the first piece of cake. And then everyone else got different pieces, and they went back in the bounce house for another big ride. And the boy and his family lived happily ever after. The end.