Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a prince whose name was Jesse. Jesse's dad was the king, and Jesse's mom was the queen, and Jesse was the prince. And Jesse lived in a castle, and he had all of the toys that he could desire. He had Lego, he had magnetiles, he had monster trucks, he had Hot Wheels, he had blocks. He had board games. He even had army people. And Jesse always got to play. But there was a rule. No other kids were allowed in the castle. And Jesse's dad wouldn't play with him, and Jesse's mom wouldn't play with him. Nobody would play with Jesse because nobody was allowed in the castle. And so Jesse used to play all by himself.

What about his mom and dad? Why wouldn't they play with him? Well, Jesse's mom and dad were the queen and the king, and so they couldn't play with him because they were too busy ruling the kingdom. And so Jesse always had to play by himself. How about his brother would play with him? And Jesse's brother, whose name was Jonah, was already a teenager, and Jonah the teenager was going off to college in a different country. And so Jesse was all alone in his giant toy room, and he got some Hot Wheel cars, and he was trying to race them with two hands to see which one was faster, but he really, really wanted somebody to play with him, when suddenly a ghost came in the room, and the ghost started to talk. And the ghost asked Jesse if he could play with Jesse. And Jesse said that he wasn't scared of ghosts. So the ghost took a Hot Wheels car, and they started to have a race. And Jesse got a head start, and he won.

Well, the ghost told Jesse that when it became nighttime, he turned into a regular person. And Jesse said that that wasn't really true. But after dinner, when it started to get dark, Jesse looked in his toy room, and he couldn't find the ghost anymore. And he said, "Are you there? Are you there?" And there was no answer. Jesse went to sleep that night in his special bed in the middle of the palace. And the next morning when he woke up, he saw that there was an extra bowl of cereal right at the table where he used to eat it. And Jesse's dad, the king, said, "Jesse, why is there an extra bowl of cereal?" And Jesse said, "I don't know. It wasn't me." And Jesse's mom said, "Jesse, did you have two bowls of cereal?" And Jesse said that he didn't. And then Jesse asked if he could go play because he was done eating breakfast. And Jesse went to the toy room where there was nobody else. And there in the toy room, the ghost was waiting.

The ghost told Jesse that this day he wanted to go down the secret slide in the castle so that they could escape and go outside of the castle to where there was a playground. Jesse told the Ghost that he wasn't allowed to go out of the castle, but the ghost said that slides are fun. And at the bottom of the slide, there was a big ball pit. And Jesse said, okay, but they would have to go back to his castle before anybody noticed. And Jesse and the ghost slid down the slide down into the ball pit. And when the ghost got down into the ball pit, he stopped being a ghost, and he turned into a kid. And the kid was another boy who looked exactly like Jesse. And the ghost was wearing Jesse's clothing. And Jesse said, "Hey, you look like me." And just when Jesse said that, the ghost said, "No, you look like me." And Jesse said that's just copying. And then the ghost, which now looks like Jesse, said, "No, you're copying me." And Jesse said, "Well, I'm just going to go back into the castle."

So Jesse went to the front door of the castle, but before he could get to the front door of the castle, the ghost, which now looks like Jesse, pushed Jesse into the ball pit and he ran into the front door of the castle. And the ghost that was pretending to be Jesse, opened up the door. And the King and Queen opened the front door of the castle. And they said, "Oh, Jesse, you're home." But really it wasn't Jesse. Really it was the ghost pretending to be Jesse. The real Jesse quickly got up from the ball pit and he ran to the front door. And when he opened the front door, the queen, his mom, was there. And Jesse said, "Mom, I have to tell you something." But the Queen looked at Jesse and said, "You can't be the real Jesse because Jesse just walked in here." And Jesse said, "No, mom. That's just a ghost pretending to be me." And Amanda, the Queen said, "I think you're tricking and that this is not the real Jesse." Jesse started to cry because his mom didn't even believe him. And so Jesse's mom saw that Jesse was crying, so she picked him up and then she took Jesse to the other Jesse who came in first. That was really the ghost. And then Jesse's mom, the Queen, said to both of the Jesse's, "One of you is the real Jesse, and one of you is the fake Jesse. If you're the real Jesse, say me first." And then she said, "Okay, I'm going to say beep." And then she said, "Beep." And then the real Jesse said "me?" But he wasn't fast enough. The Ghost, Jesse said, "me" even before that.

And then Jesse had to think of an idea for how to tell his mom that he was the real Jesse. And even though the Ghost said "me" first, that the ghost was just pretending. So Jesse, the real Jesse, said, "Mom, do you remember when I was a kid and one day we baked cookies and we had, like, whipped cream and honey on the cookies and it was so yummy?" And his mom, the queen said, "Yes, I remember that." And that's how Jesse proved that he was the real Jesse. Because the ghost who was pretending to be Jesse just looked like Jesse but didn't have any of Jesse's memories. And then Amanda, the Queen said to the real Jesse, "Will you be friends with the pretend Jesse? The Ghost?" And Jesse told the pretend Jesse that he would only be friends if he stopped copying him because it's not so nice to just copy. And the pretend Jesse said that he would stop copying. And then he turned back into a regular ghost and didn't look like Jesse anymore. And that is when Jesse said that they were going to play a game with blocks. And they started to build some blocks to make, like, a little tower in the toy room. But some of the blocks were too big. So the ghost said, "Don't worry, I have a magic saw." And the ghost would touch the magic saw on some of the blocks, and it would cut the blocks in half. And that's how Jesse and the Ghost became friends again. And they started to build a really big tower. And Jesse and the Ghost decided to be friends. And they lived happily ever after in the castle. The end.