Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old girl named Rosie. One of Rosie's favorite things to do was to play in the playground. So one day, Rosie went with her mom and dad to the playground. When she got there, she noticed something different: there was a magic door under the climbing structure, right behind the slide. The magic door was very special. It was glow-in-the-dark green and covered in yellow and white flowers. Next to the magic door, there was a big yellow minion with one eye. Its eye was so big it covered its whole face. The minion was a silly one because it had an upside-down nose on top of its head. And guess where its hair grew? On its eye! It was hard for the minion to see because it had so much hair on its eye.

The minion said to Rosie, "Rosie, you're very lucky because most kids and no grownups can even see this magical glow-in-the-dark door covered in flowers. But you found it under the climbing structure behind the slide. If you say the magic words, the door will open, and you can go through to a special castle where there are princesses." Rosie replied, "But I don't know the magic words." The minion said, "Guess." And guess what the magic word was? Rosie guessed "silly-eyed hair." The minion asked, "How did you know that was the magic word to open the door?" Just as he said that, there was a creaking sound, and the door opened. Rosie saw that it was bright on the other side of the magic door. She asked her mom if she could hold her hand so they could go through the magic door together. Her mom agreed.

When they went through the magic door, they found something special on the other side: a castle! The castle had yellow flags on top, and it was a big pink castle. There was a troll bridge leading to the castle, and there were ducks in the water next to the troll bridge. Do you know what the ducks were eating? Crackers! There was something really silly about the whole pink castle with yellow flags on top: it was upside down! Even though it was upside down, with the top of the castle on the bottom and the flags holding it up, it didn't fall down. Rosie asked her mom, "How can that castle stay up even though it's upside down?" Her mom said, "Let's look very carefully." They looked at the bottom of the castle, which was really the roof. Guess what they saw? They saw clouds made out of cotton candy holding up the castle.

Rosie told her mom it was time for them to cross the troll bridge and that her mom should hold her hand. When they got to the other side of the troll bridge, they would go into the upside-down castle. Her mom agreed. As they crossed the troll bridge, the ducks said, "Quack, quack, quack." Rosie realized it wasn't a regular duck quack because these quacks sounded like "Quacka, Quacka, Quacka." Rosie realized the ducks were saying, "cracker, cracker, cracker," because they were eating crackers. That's when Rosie figured out that the reason ducks say "quack, quack, quack" is because they want crackers. But sometimes it might not be good for kids to feed ducks crackers if it hurts the duck's tummy. So they should ask their parents first. But these ducks loved crackers, and that's why they were saying, "Quack, quack, quack."

Rosie got to the other side of the troll bridge and opened the big upside-down door that led to the princess castle. Inside the princess castle, she saw something special: princesses! But these weren't regular princesses. These princesses wore special pink dresses and crowns and could fly. Regular people can't fly, and even princesses usually can't fly. But these princesses could. Three different princesses came up to Rosie and her mom. The princesses said, "Rosie, you found the secret door under the slide at the playground that led to this magical castle, which is upside down." Rosie said yes. The princesses continued, "And you figured out the magic password to get into the magic door." Rosie said yes. The princesses asked, "And you knew that the reason duckies say quack quack is because they like crackers?" Rosie said yes. The princesses said, "Well, Rosie, because you figured all of this out by yourself, we're going to give you a princess dress and a princess crown, and we'll give one to your mom too. Then you'll be able to fly." Rosie asked, "I'm going to be able to fly?" The princesses said, "Yes, you will."

Rosie and her mom put on the princess dresses, and guess what happened? They were able to fly! They didn't even have to flap their wings. Rosie just had to flap her arms, like, flap, flap, flap, and her hand would go up and down, and she was able to fly. So if you're a princess, you just need to flap your arms. Regular princesses can't fly, but these were magical princesses in the upside-down princess castle, so they could. Now, kids shouldn't try to fly off of something, so if kids want to try this, they should be on a floor. But Rosie tried to fly, and she was able to when she wore the magic crown and the princess dress. Boys could do it too if they wore prince things. The princesses said the magic crown helped kids fly.

Rosie's mom looked outside and saw that it was getting dark through the cotton candy clouds. She told Rosie they should take the secret slide to get out of the castle and slide all the way back down to the playground. Rosie and her mom slid back down to the playground. Rosie decided the next day she would check if the magical door was still there when she went to the playground. The next day, it was still there. Rosie brought her friends back, and Rosie, her mom, dad, and friends lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they'll like it.