Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime womb is hello. My name is Rosie. I'm four years old. I live in Oakland. I would like a story that it's about magic, cutting candy and adore a lead to a place with princesses and a crowd. And when's your birthday? December. December 7. December 7. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old girl who lives in Oakland, California, and whose name is Rosie. And Rosie has a birthday coming up in December when she will turn five. Rosie asks for us to make up a story that includes cotton candy, a door that leads to princesses, and a crown. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four year old girl whose name was Rosie. One of Rosie's favorite things to do was to play in the playground. So one day, Rosie went with her mama and daddy to the playground. When she went to the playground, she saw something was different because there was a magic door under the climbing structure right behind the slide. And the magic door was very special. First of all, the magic door was glow in the dark and it was green. And the magic door was covered in yellow and white flowers. And right next to the magic door, there was a big yellow minion that had one eye. Its eye was so big it covered its whole face. And the minion was a silly minion because it had an upside down nose that was on top of its head. And instead of growing hair on his head, should I tell you where his hair was? His hair grew on his eyes. And it was so hard for him to see because usually people and he had actually just one eye. His eye was in middle of his head, right where the mouth usually is. And there was so much hair on his eye. Well, the minion said to Rosie, rosie, you got very lucky because most kids and no grownups can even see this magical glow in the dark door that is covered in flowers. But you figured out how to find it under the climbing structure behind the slide. So if you say the magic words, then you could make the door open and go through to a special castle where there are princesses. And Rosie said, but I don't know the magic words. And the minion said, guess. And buddy, guess what the magic word was. It was I thought a door is secret. No, that wasn't it. Guess again. Silly eyed hair. Yeah, well, Rosie guessed silly eyed hair. And the minion said, how did you know? How did you know that really was the magic word to open up the door? And just as he said that, there was a creaking sound and the door went open. And Rosie saw that it was so light on the other side of the magic door. And she asked her mom if she could hold her mama's hand so that they could go through the magic door together. And her mama said okay. Well, when they went through the magic door, they found something so special on the other side of the magic door, they saw a castle. The castle had yellow flags on top of the castle, and it was a big pink castle, and there was a troll bridge that led to the castle, and there were duckies in the water right next to the troll bridge. And do you know what the duckies were eating? What? Crackers. And there was something that was really silly, because the whole pink castle with the yellow flags on top was upside down. And even though it was upside down and the top of the castle was on the bottom, and the flags were holding up the castle, it did not fall down. And Rosie said to her mom, how can that castle stay up even though it's upside down? And her mama said, let's look very carefully. And they looked at the bottom of the castle, which was really where the roof was. And you know what they saw? Guess what they saw, bud? They saw that there were clouds that were made out of cotton candy, and the clouds were holding up the castle. Well, Rosie told her mom it was time for them to cross the troll bridge and that her mama should hold her hand, and when they got to the other side of the troll bridge, they should go in the upside down castle. And her mama said okay. As they were crossing the troll bridge, the ducky said, Quack, quack, quack. And Rosie realized it wasn't a regular duck quack, because do you know what these quacks really sounded like? What? Quacka, Quacka, Quacka. And Rosie realized the ducks were saying, cracker, cracker, cracker, because they were eating crackers. And that's when Rosie figured out that the reason that ducks really say quack, quack, quack is because they want crackers. But sometimes it might not be so good for kids to feed ducks crackers if it hurts the duck's tummy. So they should ask their parents first. But these ducks really loved crackers, and that's why they were saying, Quack, quack, quack. Well, Rosie got to the other side of the troll bridge and opened up the big upside down door that led to the princess castle. And when she got into the princess castle, she saw something really special. It was princesses. But these weren't regular princesses. These princesses were wearing special pink dresses, and they had crowns on, and they could fly. Now, regular people can't fly. Even princesses usually can't fly. But these princesses were able to fly. And three different princesses came up to Rosie and her mom, and the princesses said, rosie, I guess you found the secret door under the slide at the playground that led to this magical castle, which is upside down. And Rosie said yes. And the princesses said, And I guess you figured out the magic password so that you could get into the magic door. And Rosie said yes. And the princesses said, And I guess that you knew that the reason duckies say quack quack is because they like crackers. And Rosie said yes. Yes. I figured it out. And the princesses said, Well, Rosie, because you figured all of this out all by yourself, we are going to give you a princess dress and a princess crown, and we're also going to give one to your mama, and then you're going to be able to fly. And Rosie said what? I'm going to be able to fly? And the princesses said, yes, you will. Well, Rosie put on the princess dress, and so did Rosie's mama. And guess what happened? They were able to fly. They didn't even have to flap their wings the way that Rosie was able to fly. And kids could try this at home, but only in a room on a floor is she just had to flap her arms, like, flap, flap, flap. And her hand would go up and down, and she was able to fly. So if you're a princess, you just need to flap your arms. Well, regular princesses can't even fly. But these were magical princesses in the upside down princess castle, so these princesses were able to. Now, kids really shouldn't try to fly off of something, so if kids want to try this, they should be on a floor. But she tried to fly, and Rosie was able to when she was wearing the magic crown and the princess dress and need to be weird princess stuff, I guess. And boys also could do it if they wear prince things. I think the reason that Rosie was able to fly is that Rosie had the magic crown, and the princess said that the magic crown helped kids fly. Well, Rosie's mama looked outside, and do you know what happened? She could see that it was getting dark through the cotton candy clouds. So she told Rosie they should take the secret slide to get out of the castle, and they should slide all the way back down to the playground. So Rosie and her mama slid back down to the playground. And then Rosie decided the next day she would check when she went to the playground if the magical door was still there. Why would it move? Well, she didn't know because it was glow in the dark bud, so not everyone could even see it regularly. Well, the next day, it was still there. So Rosie brought her friends back, and Rosie and her mom and dad and her friends lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up the because they like it.