Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Una. And Una lived in a little town where it never rained. Not even for a second. It was like her town was in the middle of a desert, and it never rained in this desert. Yes, some deserts rain a little bit, but her desert, the Attacama Desert, was the driest place in the whole world. And in the Attacama Desert, it never rains. That's where Una lived.

Una always wanted it to rain because, in her town with little huts and a teepee, they had to bring water from other towns out of the desert through a big pipe so that people could drink water and shower. But Una had an idea. Una's idea was to do a rain dance. When she did the rain dance, she would go, "Hayo, hayo, we want it to rain today. Hayo, hayo, it's going to rain. Oh, yay." And then she would stomp her feet, clap her hands, and twirl about in the sand. She would throw some sand in the air but not at another person. Then she would look up at the sky.

So she did her dance, and she looked up at the sky, and all of her friends came from their teepees and their huts. They went and started digging in the sand. Do you know what happened in the sky? It became so cloudy. And then there was a kaboom, and it looked like thunder, and it started to lightning a little bit, but it wasn't a scary kind of lightning because this kind of lightning was rainbow-colored, and it stayed in the sky, and suddenly it started to rain.

Not many people in the desert knew this, but in the desert, especially the desert where Una lived, there were some strawberry seeds. And the strawberry seeds were in the middle of the sand where everyone was digging. They were magical strawberry seeds, so they grew so quickly. One of Una's friends had a sandpile, and when it rained on the sandpile, a strawberry plant came out. It wasn't regular strawberries that grew out of the sandpiles; the kind of strawberries that grew out of the sandpiles were chocolate-covered strawberries. Another kid built a sandcastle, and right out of the top of the sandcastle grew a chocolate-covered strawberry. There were so many different strawberries growing all over the desert, and the sand was getting wet, and the wetter the sand got, the more strawberries grew. So everywhere in the desert, there were so many strawberries.

Una said, "Dad, there are so many strawberries in this dry, dry desert because I made it rain." And Una's dad said, "I think it's because you did such a good rain dance." Una decided that because she did such a good job at her rain dance, she wanted to do a robot dance. So Una said, "Waka waka we gawaka waka wika." And just as she said that, do you know what happened? A robot came right out of the ground. The robot was made out of tinfoil, and it had pots for its arms, and its legs were made out of a bowl, and it came out of the ground, and it had lights where its eyes were supposed to be. It said, "Beep beep, I am a robot. I like to eat strawberries." And Una said, "Guys, I created a strawberry robot."

Then, just as she said that, do you know what happened to the robot? The lights turned off, and the robot stopped working. Una told her dad she thought that the robot had no more electricity. But Una had a very special idea. Her idea was to get electricity from the lightning that was in the sky because there was lightning, colorful lightning in the sky. She wanted to get the lightning to come down and go into the robot so that the robot's batteries would get charged, and it could keep collecting strawberries. Because Una wanted the robot to make a big pile of chocolate-covered strawberries so that she could give them to everyone and sell them to all the kids in the whole world.

Well, Una's dad said, "Una, how are you going to get electricity from the lightning?" And Una had a good idea. She decided that all the kids would make a big trampoline. Then, when there was such a big trampoline that was the bounciest trampoline in the whole entire world, she was going to put the robot on the trampoline, and then they would push the robot down on the trampoline so that it would spring up. All the kids helped push it down. The robot sprung up, and it jumped so high, it went all the way into the clouds. Just as the robot went into the clouds, some electricity from the lightning went into the robot and charged its batteries.

The robot woke up right while it was falling down, and the robot said, "Deploy parachute." The robot pressed a button, and it deployed a parachute. The parachute is something that robots and even people can use to land softly. The robot used the parachute to glide down back to the Earth in the desert where Una lived. It went so nicely down all the way to the desert. When the robot landed, everyone said, "Yay! Una got the robot to work again." The robot said, "Una, what would you like me to do? What should I do?" And Una said, "Robot, I want you to get all the chocolate-covered strawberries, and I want you to make piles of the strawberries. And if you make piles of the strawberries, then we can start handing them out to friends so everyone could have a chocolate-covered strawberry."

The robot said, "Okay, I will make some piles." The robot started its lights in the eyes, started to blink different colors, and it started to hop up and down using the bowls that it had for feet and using so much tinfoil. It started collecting all of the strawberries in its bowls, and it started to make one pile. That pile got so big; it was even bigger than a teepee. They didn't go all the way to the cloud. No. And then Una said, "If you keep making that pile so big, Mr. Robot, then it's going to go all the way to the clouds." So the robot said, "Okay, I'm going to make two piles." And the robot started getting some chocolate-covered strawberries and making another pile. Then it had two piles, and then there were still more, so it had three piles. And then after that, it got more, and there were four piles of strawberries, and then a hundred, and then after four comes five.

The robot made five piles of strawberries. Yeah, and then six and seven. But once it made five, everyone said, "Five seems like a really good number of piles of strawberries. So how about this? Let's get an airplane to come, and it'll take those five piles away, and then we'll make six and seven. We'll make more and more piles." So Una pressed the yellow button, which was on the robot's belly button. And you know what it did? It made an airplane come. The robot said, "We need an airplane to come." And suddenly, an airplane came and picked up the strawberries. Then the robot made more and more piles.

All of Una's friends were so happy that she made it rain in the dry, dry desert, and that all the strawberry seeds grew, and it was magic strawberries that had chocolate. So everyone in the desert said, "Una is the best. Una is the best." And Una and her parents and all of her friends lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to the makeup story because they will like it.