Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime wampus. Tonight's makeup story is a request of a listener named Lou. And Lou asked for us to make up a story about his dog named Woody and picking blackberries. And then a troll comes. Once upon a time, a long time ago lo there was a boy whose name was Lou. Lou lived in a small town where all of the houses had just two rooms. The houses in this town had a kitchen and a bathroom, and everybody in this town would sleep on their roofs. Their roofs were a little slanted, and so they would need to have ropes that held up their beds and made them sleep tight at night. And then in the morning, if they wanted to use the bathroom, they got to slide down a pole all by themselves and go to the bathroom. The pole had a soft mat on bottom so that kids couldn't get a boo boo. Well, Lou decided one day that he would like to make a BlackBerry pie with his mom, and Lou's mom told Lou that they should go out and look for blackberries that were growing in the wild. So Lou put on his clothing, and his mom packed him a snack, and they brought a backpack with some sippy water, which was ice cold, and Lou brought his doggie named Woody, and his mom went with him out on a BlackBerry picking adventure. Woody I thought I had a friend named Helen and Woody. You do, and we have a friend named Helen. Woody. This is a doggie named Woody. And Lou went with his doggie and his mama and their backpack out to the BlackBerry bushes. It was the middle of the summer, and in the middle of the summer is a really good time to find BlackBerry bushes that are ripe. Usually when the berries grow on the bush, when they're not ripe, first they start off green, and then they turn red, and then they turn black. And when they're all black and it's easy to take off the bush, that is a good time to eat the blackberries, because that's when it tastes sweet and yummy. And so Lou went with his mom and their doggie. Woody and their doggie had a very silly way to pick the blackberries because the doggie couldn't use its hands. No. And the doggie didn't want to bite it off because it didn't want to get the blackberries all wet with its tongue. So the doggie was wearing a special helmet that had two pretend arms coming out of it. And when the doggie would stomp on his paws, it would press a button that would make a hand go out of the helmet and pick the blackberries for the doggie and Woody. The doggie had this silly BlackBerry picking helmet, and it would take the hands on the helmet would take blackberries off the tree and put them in a bucket. The bush. You're right. The BlackBerry bush. And as they were picking blackberries, they saw that there was a little river going behind the BlackBerry bushes. It was not such a big river, and there was no way to get to the other side. So Lou and his mom looked around, and suddenly I'm going to keep telling the story. Lou and his mom lou and his mom were looking around for how to cross the river when they heard their doggie Woody say, Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof. And their doggie was right next to a troll bridge. And Lou and his mom caught up to the doggie, and they saw that there was a real life troll bridge going from one side of the blackberries over the river to a different set of raspberry bushes. And blackberries and raspberries are yummy together, so they wanted to get both. Well, as they were going over the bridge, Lou decided lou decided he would go first. And Lou went chip trapping over the bridge. He went, trip trap, trip trap, trip trap. And there was a troll under that bridge that said, who's that trip trapping under my bridge? And Lou said it is just I, Lou, and I am picking blackberries. And the troll said, well, go on to the other side. And then his doggy Woody came, and his doggy Woody came, pitterpatter, pitterpatter, pitterpatter, chip chop chip, chap, chip chip. And the troll under the bridge said, who's that trip trapping over my bridge? And the doggie said, Woof, woof, woof. And the troll got scared away, so the mama didn't even have to worry about trip trapping because trolls are scared of dogs. And the troll went back under the bridge, and as he went back under the bridge, some froggies started to jump on him. And the froggies were going ribbon, ribbon, ribbon all over the troll. And some of the froggies were different colors, and one of the froggies was poisonous. And when it licked the troll with its poison yellow green tongue, the troll got frozen still and couldn't move. And Woody went up to the frozen troll, and he said, Woof, woof, woof, woof. But the frozen troll couldn't move. And Lou and his mama told Woody to come to the other side of the river, and they got some blackberries, some raspberries, and then they went back over the bridge, the troll bridge, where they were at first, and they saw that one of the troll did not melt. They saw that one of their berries was not black, and it was not red. It was twinkly and sparkly. It looked a little bit like a star in the sky. And each part of the BlackBerry was shiny. And Lou and Lou took out the shiny twinkly sparkly berry, and his doggie Woody took it away from him. And his doggie Woody rushed away with the twinkly and sparkly berry and brought it all the way to the troll, which was frozen under the bridge. And Woody the doggie put the sparkling twinkly berry on top of the frozen troll, using his helmet with his robot arms. And once it got on top of the troll, the troll unfroze and was regular again. But then the troll skin got less wrinkly, and the troll became a regular person. And the troll said to Woody that he was so sorry that he was mean. And Woody couldn't speak back, so instead, he woofed. And the troll followed Woody the doggie all the way back to Lou and his mom. And when the doggie and Lou and his mom all saw the troll together, they realized that it was really just a nice person that got stuck in a bad troll body. And after all, this troll was going to be nice again. And so Lou and his mom told the troll that they were sorry that they went over his bridge. And the troll said, well, from now on, anybody could go on my bridge. And that day, Woody and Lou and his mama brought all their berries home and made the yummiest BlackBerry pie. And they even brought a piece back to the troll bridge and gave it to the troll, who was now nice. And Lou and his doggy, Woody, and his mama and daddy lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.