Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six-year-old girl named Logan. Logan was busy making paper airplanes out of folded paper when suddenly she saw a bird fly through an open window. The bird had rainbow-colored wings, a yellow beak, and its eyes were funny because they looked like people's eyes, only they were red. The bird went right up to Logan, and the bird said, well, first the bird took Logan's paper airplane, and the bird said, "It's mine. It's mine." Logan said, "No, that's not for you, because birds don't need to fly in paper airplanes. Birds can fly by themselves." The bird said that it was just joking and that really the bird had a secret present for Logan. Logan asked the bird, "What's the secret present that you brought for me?" The bird showed that it brought some pepper. Logan said, "What's so special about this pepper? Pepper is just a spice that sometimes people use for cooking." The bird told Logan it went right up to Logan's ear. The bird whispered in Logan's ear, "Because the pepper is magical, and whatever you sprinkle the pepper on, it makes it smell like cupcakes with frosting." Logan said, "What? Really?" And then do you know what the birdie said? The birdie said yes.

So Logan decided she would try to make a soup. In the soup, Logan decided that she would put some milk and some Cheerios because it would be like a cereal soup. But she would also put in things like if she saw flour that looked special, then she could put the flour into the soup. Logan also decided to put in a stick. Logan didn't use a real oven. It was a pretend soup. She was just making it in the kitchen sink when her soup was ready. Do you know what she did? She sprinkled the magic pepper in it, and instead of tasting like a pretend soup that she just made in the sink, it tasted like cupcake soup. I don't know if anyone has ever tasted cupcake soup, but cupcake soup, and this was a kind of cupcake soup that had frosting on it. Cupcake soup with frosting is probably the yummiest kind of cupcake soup because it's so special. It tastes like sugar, and it really does taste yummy. But do you know what happened after Logan tasted a little bit of the magical soup where she put the magical pepper in the soup? She saw that there was a real cupcake starting to appear in the air. The cupcake was floating around her house. Logan started chasing around to get the cupcake that was floating through her house. The cupcake kept floating away. Logan finally got it by going on top of her bed and reaching as high as she could. She caught the cupcake, and right when it got in her hand, do you know what happened to the cupcake? It turned into honey. There was honey all over Logan's hand because it was a magic cupcake. That's how it could float also. There was honey everywhere. It was all over Logan's hand. Logan decided she would lick a little bit of the honey. When Logan licked a little bit of the honey, something even more special happened. A fairy appeared. The fairy was riding a little floating zebra. Because fairies can fly by themselves, but there's a special kind of fairy that rides a zebra through the air. It's a little zebra, like a miniature one. It's about the size of a toy car. Fairies that ride zebras through the air have really special powers when it comes to cooking. One of those fairies came, and it was riding a zebra. The fairy told Logan, "Logan, do you want to cook anything together?" Logan said yes.

The fairy and Logan decided that they would make a candy factory in Logan's house. The fairy made some factory equipment and machines. The machines were buzzing and working very quickly. In Logan's house, Logan poured the magic pepper on the machine, and it turned into a lollipop machine. From then on, there was a lollipop factory in Logan's house. There were kids that were really wanting to go over to Logan's house because they wanted lollipops. All of the kids in the whole city would line up in single file outside of Logan's house, and they would say, "We want lollipops. We want lollipops." Logan would be in charge of giving all the kids one lollipop. The kids would say, "Thank you." Logan would say, "You're welcome." All of the kids would ask their parents before eating the lollipop because let's say they would get a tummy ache or something. But the parents all decided to let the kids have the lollipops, and none of the kids got tummy aches.

The next day, Logan told the fairy that she wanted to use the magic pepper to make her house into an ice cream factory. The fairy said, "Okay." The next day, the fairy was riding the zebra through the air, and it brought some ice cream factory equipment. Logan sprinkled her magic pepper on it, and the machines started buzzing and working, and finally, the ice cream factory was working, and it started producing so much ice cream. The next day, there were so many kids in line for Logan's house to get some ice cream. A lot of the kids brought ice cream cones. It was good there were so many kids because the fairy made an invention that it was like ice cream came out of a hose, and the fairy was riding the zebra through the air and held onto the hose in the air, and it was squirting ice cream into a big, big pile. The pile was right in front of Logan's house, and all of the kids wanted to jump in the ice cream pile and eat some of the ice cream. It was so much fun. One of the kids jumped in, and another kid even brought a sled and tried to sled down the ice cream. It was so silly. Logan was really happy because the fairy helped her clean up after.

From then on, every day, Logan would work with the fairy to create a new kind of factory in her house. All of the kids would line up and get a new kind of candy from Logan every day. Logan and her family lived happily ever after. The end.