You welcome to make top stories. This is Rory from Scotland. Hi, my name is Logan, and I'm six years old, and I live in Texas. And what I would like in my story is soup, pepper, and fairy. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a six year old girl who lives in Texas and whose name is Logan. Logan asked for us to make up a story that includes soup, pepper, and a fairy. And we are also going to add a zebra to the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six year old girl whose name was Logan. Logan was busy making paper airplanes out of some paper that she was folding when suddenly she saw a bird fly through one of the open windows. And the bird had rainbow colored wings, and the bird also had a yellow beak, and the bird's eyes were silly because they looked like people eyes, only they were red. And the bird went right up to Logan, and the bird said, well, first the bird took Logan's paper airplane, and the bird said, It's mine. It's mine. And Logan said, no, that's not for you, because birds don't need to fly in paper airplanes. Birds can fly by themselves. And the bird said that it was just joking and that really the bird had a secret present for Logan. And Logan asked the bird, what's the secret present that you brought for me? And the bird showed that it brought some pepper. And Logan said, what's so special about this pepper? Pepper is just a spice that sometimes people use for cooking. And the bird told Logan it went right up to Logan's ear. And the bird whispered in Logan's ear, because the pepper is magical, and whatever you sprinkle the pepper on, it makes it smell like cupcakes with frosting. And Logan said what? Really? And then do you know what the birdie said? You know what the birdie said, what? The birdie said yes. And so Logan decided she would try to make a soup. And in the soup, Logan decided that she would put some milk and some Cheerios because it would be like a cereal soup. But she would also put in things like if she saw flour that looked special, then she could put the flour into the soup. And Logan also decided to put in a stick. And Logan didn't use a real oven. It was a pretend soup. And she was just making it in the kitchen sink when her soup was ready. Do you know what she did? What? She sprinkled the magic pepper in it, and instead of tasting like a pretend soup that she just made in the sink, it tasted like cupcake soup. And I don't know if anyone has ever tasted cupcake soup, but cupcake soup, and this was a kind of cupcake soup that had frosting on it. Cupcake soup with frosting is probably the yummiest kind of cupcake soup because it's so special. It tastes like sugar, and it really does taste yummy. But do you know what happened after Logan tasted a little bit of the magical soup where she put the magical pepper in the soup? She saw that there was a real cupcake starting to appear in the air. And the cupcake was floating around her house. And Logan started chasing around to get the cupcake that was floating through her house. And the cupcake kept floating away. And Logan finally got it by going on top of her bed and reaching as high as she could. And she caught the cupcake, and right when it got in her hand do you know what happened to the cupcake? Was it in her tommy? It turned into honey. And there was honey all over Logan's hand because it was a magic cupcake. That's how it could float also. And there was honey everywhere. It was all over Logan's hand. And Logan decided she would lick a little bit of the honey. And when Logan licked a little bit of the honey, something even more special happened. A fairy appeared. And the fairy was riding a little floating zebra. Because fairies can fly by themselves, but there's a special kind of fairy that rides a zebra through the air. It's a little zebra, like a miniature one. It's about the size of a toy car. While fairies that ride zebras through the air have really special powers when it comes to cooking. And so one of those fairies came, and it was riding a zebra. And the fairy told Logan, logan, do you want to cook anything together? And Logan said yes. And so the fairy and Logan decided that they would make a candy factory in Logan's house. And the fairy made some factory equipment and machines. And it went zhing and vishing. And the machines were burring and going very quickly. And finally, in Logan's house, logan poured the magic pepper on the machine and it turned into a lollipop machine. And from then and there, there was a lollipop factory in Logan's house. And there were kids that were really wanting to go over to Logan's house because they wanted lollipops. And so all of the kids in the whole city would line up in single file outside of Logan's house, and they would say, we want lollipops. We want lollipops. And Logan would be in charge of giving all the kids one lollipop. And then the kids would say, thank you. And Logan would say you're welcome. And all of the kids would they all, even without asking their parents, would they all just open it? And the rule was that whenever Logan gave kid the lollipop, the kid has to ask their parents before eating it because let's say they would get a tummy ache or something. But the parents all decided to let and none of the kids got tummy aches. And then the next day, Logan told the fairy that she wanted to use the magic pepper to make her house into an ice cream factory. And so the fairy said, okay. And the next day, the ferry was riding the zebra through the air, and it brought some ice cream factory equipment, and Logan sprinkled her magic pepper on it, and it started jizzing and vizhing, and the machine started whirring and burring, and finally, the ice cream factory was working, and it started producing so much ice cream. And do you know what happened the next day, buddy? What? There were so many kids on a line for Logan's house to get some ice cream. Did some even have ice cream cones ready? Yes. And a lot of the kids brought ice cream cones. And it was good there were so many kids because the fairy made an invention that it was like ice cream came out of a hose, and the ferry was riding the zebra through the air and held onto the hose in the air, and it was squirting ice cream into a big, big pile. And the pile was right in front of Logan's house, and all of the kids wanted to jump in the ice cream pile and to eat some of the ice cream. And it was so much fun. Actually, we even jump in. Yeah. And one of the kids jumped in, and another kid even brought a sled and tried to sled down the ice cream. I'm so silly. And then Logan was really happy because the fairy helped her clean up after. And from then and there, every day, logan would work with the fairy to create a new kind of factory in her house. And all of the kids would line up and get a new kind of candy from Logan every day. And Logan and her family lived happily ever after. The and I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stops.