Once upon a time, a long time ago, in a faraway village where there were no street lights and there were no paved roads and there was a lot of fog, there lived a good ninja named Gaichu. Gaichu was a very silly ninja. Sometimes he would punch his hands in the air and say "kiwa." When he said "kiwa," he would make a paper appear, and the paper would often have flowers on it. Gaichu the ninja did so many special tricks for kids. Gaichu lived under a hill behind a rock right outside of the village. Whenever the kids went to the playground, Gaichu was the first one on the monkey bars and could always beat them in races. But Gaichu was a good ninja, and sometimes he didn't race his fastest against the kids, and he even let them win. That made the kids of the village feel so good because it's not fun if he wins all the time.

One day, Gaichu was sneaking about between the fog, hiding behind buildings and circling around trees and climbing onto the roofs of houses to look out and watch for bad ninjas when he saw in the distance the lollipop factory was flooding. Gaichu told all the kids to follow him sneakily to the lollipop factory. The kids packed their backpacks with water, crackers, and some fruit. They all marched single file, slowly, sneakily hiding so that nobody could see them until they finally got to the lollipop factory.

The lollipop factory was yellow, and the doors were so silly because they were made out of chocolate. Instead of having regular doorknobs, the lollipop factory had M&Ms for doorknobs. A popsicle stick held the M&M onto the door, so it worked as doorknobs. While making sure that nobody noticed them, Gaichu led the kids into the lollipop factory.

When they got into the lollipop factory, they could not believe what they were seeing because there was a bad ninja named Taichu. Taichu the ninja was making some fruit punch spill from the machines all over the floor. The machine that made lollipops was only making asparagus. The kids said, "No fair! We want lollipops, not asparagus!" but the mean ninja said, "Ha! Only asparagus for you."

Gaichu and the kids came to save the day, and the kids made a circle around the bad ninja. Gaichu started to jump and say "wahi." When he said "wahi," he made a black paper appear and start floating in the air. Gaichu said that the black paper should become a paper airplane, and he picked up the paper airplane while it was in the air and threw it directly at the bad ninja. The bad ninja was so scared that he jumped into his ninja car and tried to sneak away.

Gaichu told the kids that now was the time to repair the leak in the fruit juice and to make sure that the factory made lollipops and not asparagus. So they did. Some of the kids decided to fix the hole in the fruit punch machine, which was leaking everywhere and making fruit punch go all over the floor where it was so slippery and there were such big puddles of fruit juice. To fix that hole, they decided that they really needed to put some marshmallows in it. The kids found some marshmallows in the factory and put them in the hole to stuff it up.

Gaichu told the kids that they needed to catch up with the bad ninja and make sure that he couldn't get away in his ninja race car. They quickly fixed the lollipop machine and made sure that it only made lollipops and not asparagus. Then Gaichu said, "Ha zimba!" After he said "Ha zimba," a cheetah appeared, and the cheetah's whole family also came. Gaichu told the kids that they could all go on cheetah rides to catch the bad ninja in his race car.

Cheetahs are not as fast as race cars, only for short distances. But one thing that cheetahs can do that race cars can't do is take shortcuts over mountains that have too many rocks and too many holes and too many branches for a race car to go over. Gaichu led the kids on their cheetahs through the shortcut over the mountain, and when they got to the other side, they saw the bad ninja. The bad ninja, Taichu, said, "I am sorry." The good ninja asked why he did that, and Taichu the bad ninja said because his tummy was hurting and he really needed some vegetables to make it feel better.

Gaichu the good ninja said they thought he was being mean. Why did he make the fruit juice spill all over the factory? Taichu, the bad ninja, said he was so sorry; it was an accident, but he was happy that they fixed it. Taichu the bad ninja said that he would be a good ninja from then on.

Both Gaichu and Taichu were ninjas that were so sneaky and so fast and they could do so many tricks that a regular person couldn't do them. They both helped to save the day. Gaichu and Taichu led all the kids in single file back to their village. The cheetahs went back away to the mountain, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.