Welcome back to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. My name is Steve. I make up new stories every night without preparing to put my five year old son to bed. You should listen to another story tomorrow. But right now, we're ready for today's story. So get ready. Get tucked in. Makeup story time begin. So a listener named Lex asked for makeup story that is about a good ninja, a bad ninja, and a ninja race car. And we're also going to add to the story cheetah. So now I'm going to start. Once upon a time, a long time ago, in a faraway village where there were no street lights and there were no paved roads and there was a lot of fog, there lived a good ninja named Gaichu. And Gaichu was a very silly ninja. Sometimes he would punch his hands in the air and say kiwa. And when he said kiwa, he would make a paper appear, and the paper would often have flowers on it. And Gaichu the ninja did so many special tricks for kids. Gaichu lived under a hill behind a rock right outside of the village. And whenever the kids went to the playground, gaichu was the first one on the monkey bars and could always beat them in races. But Gaichu was a good ninja, and sometimes he didn't race his fastest against the kids, and he even let them win. And that made the kids of the village feel so good, because it's not so if he wins all the time. That's right. Well doesn't always play fast. Yes. One day, Guy Chu was sneaking about between the fog, hiding behind buildings and circling around trees and climbing unto the roofs of houses to look out and watch for bad ninjas when he saw in the distance the lollipop factory was flooding. And Gaichu told all the kids to follow him sneakily to the lollipop factory. The kids packed their backpack with water and with some crackers, and some of the kids got some fruit as well. And they all marched single file, slowly, sneakily hiding so that nobody could see them until they finally got to the lollipop factory. The lollipop factory was yellow, and the doors were so silly because they were made out of chocolate. And instead of having regular doorknobs, the lollipop factory had M and Ms for doorknobs. So the M and Ms hold on to them. Yes, holding, yes. A popsicle stick held the eminem onto the door, so it worked as doorknobs. Well, while making sure that nobody noticed them, gaichu led the kids into the lollipop factory. And when they got into the lollipop factory, they could not believe what they were seeing because there was a bad ninja named Tai. Chu. And Taichu the ninja was making some fruit punch spill from the machines all over the floor. And the machine that made a lollipop, he was making sure that that machine only made asparagus. And the kids said no fair. We want Lollipops, not asparagus but the mean ninja said ha only asparagus for you. Well, Kai Chu and the kids came to save the day and the kids made a circle around the bad ninja and Kai chu started to jump and say Wahi. And when he said wahi. He made a black paper appear and start floating in the air. Well Geitu said that the black paper should become a paper airplane and he picked up the paper airplane while it was in the air and threw it directly at the bad ninja. The bad ninja was so scared that he jumped into his ninja car and tried to sneak away. Well, Gaichu told the kids that now is the time to repair the leak in the fruit juice and to make sure that the factory made lollipops and not Asparagus. And so they did. Teamwork, some of the kids decided that to fix the hole in the fruit punch machine which was leaking everywhere and making fruit punch go all over the floor where it was so slippy and slidy and there were such big puddles of fruit juice. Well, to fix that hole they decided that they really needed to put some marshmallows in it. So the kids found some marshmallows in the factory and put it in that hole to stuff it up. And then Gaichu told the kids that they needed to catch up with the bad ninja and make sure that he couldn't get away in his ninja race car. So quickly they fixed the lollipop machine and made sure that it only made lollipops and not Asparagus. And then Gaichu said, ha zimba. And after he said Ha zimba a Cheetah appeared and the Cheetah's whole family also came. And Gaichu told the kids that they could all go on Cheetah rides to catch the bad ninja in his race car. Well, Cheetahs are not as fast as race cars only for short distances. But one thing that Cheetahs can do that race cars can't do is take shortcuts over mountains that have too many rocks and too many holes and too many branches for a race car to go over. So Haichu led the kids on. All of their Cheetahs threw the shortcut over the mountain and when they got to the other side, they saw the bad ninja. And the bad ninja, Kai chu said I am sorry. And the good ninja said why did you do that? And Kaichu the bad ninja said because my tummy was hurting and I really needed some vegetables to make it feel better. And Kaichu the good ninja said we thought you were being mean. Why did you make the fruit juice spill all over the factory? And Kai Chu, the bad ninja said I am so sorry, it was an accident, but I'm happy that you guys fixed it. And Kaichu the bad ninja said that he'll be a good ninja from then on. And Kai chu, why do they have to be ninjas? Well, Kai chu and Gaichu were ninjas that were so sneaky and so fast and they could do so many tricks that a regular person couldn't do them. And so they helped both be good and save the day. And both Gaichu and Kai chu led all the kids in single file back to their village. And the cheetahs went back away to the mountain and they lived happily ever after. They're saving up for a different time when they were hungry. So then why did they pack in the backpack? They packed it in their backpacks because they thought it would be they didn't know that the cheetahs were going to come to help them go over the mountain. And they thought that they would have to take some breaks. But the cheetahs helped them, so they didn't have to take snack breaks. The end. That's the end of the story. If you want to listen to more stories like this, I have an important instruction for you. This is the instruction. Remember to tell your parents and also to tell your friends to subscribe to this podcast.