Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two brothers named Anselm and Tristan. Anselm and Tristan's parents told them that for Anselm's birthday, they were going to rent a boat and bring some milkshakes and straws, and they were going to go out to sea and have a fun adventure. So in the morning, Anselm got some special waffles for breakfast because it was his birthday. Usually, they didn't get to have waffles for breakfast. And then Anselm's dad packed some floaty equipment in the car and a lot of straws, and they drove to the dock. The dock is a place at the end of the road where the road connects to the ocean, and a lot of boats are tied up to the dock. Anselm chose which birthday boat he wanted. The birthday boat he wanted had a flag on it that had a birthday cake. And Anselm wanted to go on the birthday cake boat, and so did Tristan. So they got on the boat, and they brought the milkshake, and they brought their straws.

After they got on the boat, their dad untied the rope, and he said, "Unfurl the sails." And his mom said, "The sails are unfurled." And Anselm asked, "What does that mean?" And Tristan said, "I don't know." And their parents started their adventure, and the boat began sailing in the middle of the sea. When they got to the middle of the sea, there was a part where it looked like it would be fun for them to swim, but you have to be so careful in the sea. And so Anselm and Tristan were wearing life vests, and they also had floaty equipment and noodles. And their mom and dad were also both lifeguards in this story. And so they jumped out of the boat in the middle of the sea and started to swim around. Just as they were swimming around, they also saw that some of their straws fell down, and the straws were in the sea. And just as they found that, there was a magic seal that came by. And a seal is like a big kind of animal that lives in the water and has some whiskers and likes to live on rocks sometimes and is very, very silly. And the seal's name was Cyril.

And Cyril, the seal, said to Anselm and Tristan, "Why are there so many straws here in the sea?" And Anselm and Tristan said they brought a lot of straws because they were going to have a milkshake on the boat for Anselm's birthday. And the seal named Cyril said, "Well, we could use one of these straws as a magic wand." And Tristan said he didn't think so, but Anselm said, "Let's see." And Cyril, the seal, waved the magic wand, which was really a straw. And suddenly, just as he did that, he also asked if they wanted a ride. And Anselm and Tristan hopped on Cyril the seal's back and went on a ride as the seal waved the magic wand. And suddenly it started to rain milk, and it was pouring milk. There was so much white milk that was coming from the white clouds on top, and it was a big milk storm. And pretty soon, the sea was turning, not just watercolor, but white, just like milk. And then it started thundering in the sky. Normally, when it thunders in the sky, the sound is kaboom. But this time, when it thundered in the sky, the sound was like, "cupplap, cupplaup." And just as it thundered, KAPL, it started to rain cereal and cereal and milk was falling down from the sky. And the seal, whose name was also Cyril, said that he did that with this special straw magic wand. And it rained so much, and so much cereal and Cheerios and Rice Krispies and Fruit Loops and Lucky Charms came down from the sky and went into the ocean. That the ocean turned into cereal. The ocean was normal, was it now? Salty milky cheerio breakfast. Yes. So the ocean was no longer the ocean, and it was now a milky, special kind of thing that looks like just in a cereal bowl for breakfast. But the whole ocean was like that.

And Anselm and Tristan were on their floaty equipment looking at that and then put the heading to get a gobble. Well, and then the seal named Cyril told them that they should start to drink up some of the cereal using their straws. And so Anselm and Tristan got out some of their extra straws, and they started slurping up the milk and the Cheerios, and their parents thought it was so silly, and they were laughing, and they slurped up through the straw, so much milk and so much cereal that they got full, and they had no more appetite. They weren't hungry anymore. And just as that happened, they decided to float around, and the sun came out, and it stopped raining milk. And when the sun comes out, when the milk is in the sun too long, do you know what happens? And it gets rotten. Some of the milk evaporates, and some of the milk spoils and gets rotten. When milk spoils and gets rotten, it does not smell good. And that's what started to happen. The sun came out over the milk cereal ocean, and it started to make it stink a little bit. So the seal named Cyril said, "We need some help." And just as he said that, there was a colossal squid named Slimy. And Slimy the Squid was the biggest squid they had ever seen. Anselm knew a lot about squids. He knew that this Colossal Squid was pink, and it had a big tail on the end of it that looked like a leaf. And the Colossal Squid was so big, it was as big as a school bus, and it swam in the ocean. And the Colossal Squid also had eyes on the side of its head instead of in front, and it had no nose. And the Colossal Squid was so silly because it had lots of tentacles, just like an octopus, but the tentacles came out of the front of its face. Yeah, but there's a squid that can go even deeper than that kind of squid. Yes, and Tristan knew a lot about squids, so he said, "There's other squids that could go even deeper than you can, Mr. Colossal Squid." But the Colossal Squid said he's not there to show how deep he can dive. He was there to save the day. And he said he was the smartest squid in the whole ocean and could help them figure out their problem of how to turn the ocean back to regular water and get all of the milk in it. And Tristan. And Anselm said, "How can we do that?" And the Colossal Squid said his idea was to connect all of the straws together. Like, you put one straw inside a different straw, and you put the other straw inside that straw, and you connect so many straws together that it forms a pipe. And then you put one side of the pipe in the milk cereal ocean, and then you put the other side of the straw pipe in a milk factory, and then you blow on one side so that the milk gets out of the ocean and goes into the milk factory. And Colossal Squids have really good suction, so they help. It was so easy for him to put all of those straws together, and because the kids, Anselm and Tristan, had so many but I thought you never have that much straw. Well, they were close to the beach, so if they were in the middle of the ocean, there would never be enough. And also, lucky for them, the milk factory was so close to the beach, and this boat had so many straws, it had a whole special deck just full of straws. So the seal named Cyril, and this big ginormous Colossal Squid worked together to connect all of the straws. And then Anselm and Tristan started making the milk get out of the ocean and go back to the milk factory. And soon enough, all the milk got out of the ocean and all of the Cheerios and all of the Rice Krispies and all of the Fruit Loops and all of the Lucky Charms and all of the Oatmeal, and that went back to the cereal factories, and the ocean was regular again. And Cyril the Seal and the giant Colossal Squid, Anselm and Tristan all said, "Hip, hip, hooray." And they clapped hands. And Anselm and Tristan went back in their boat and their parents sailed away. And then they had the milkshake and they lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson two makeup. It because they like it.