Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Shirley. Shirley was very excited because her mom told her that they were going to move houses. Shirley asked, "What will our new house look like?" Her mom replied, "We'll have the same house, but with wheels, and we'll move it all the way to a different city called Rainbow City." Shirley was amazed and wondered how a house could be put on wheels.

The next day, construction workers came to Shirley's house with tractors, excavators, and a big wooden platform with wheels. They also brought a strong steel plate and a crane. The crane operator carefully lifted Shirley's house and placed it on the steel plate, which was on top of the wheels. They used metal hooks, ropes, and even big shoelace-like ropes to secure the house so it wouldn't fall off while moving. Instead of a car, 15 strong horses pulled Shirley's house through the streets of Auckland, New Zealand, up a hill, around a corner, and over a bridge until they reached Rainbow City.

Rainbow City was inside an old museum, and Shirley's house was parked overlooking it. There was a slide from the front door of the house to the sidewalk, and Shirley's mom and dad slid down it. They noticed a sign on the museum that read, "Museum of Rainbow Magic. Only people with magic tickets allowed." Shirley said, "We don't have a magic ticket, so we can't go in." But just then, a gust of wind blew a hidden ticket from under the house into Shirley's hand. She gave it to the museum attendant, who let them in.

Inside the museum, it was dark. Shirley's mom turned on the lights, revealing a rainbow light bulb that created real rainbows across the room. One side of the rainbow had toys, and the other side had gold and treasure. Shirley and her parents explored the magical museum, going from room to room. In one room, Shirley turned on the light, creating an upside-down rainbow. The room filled with a cloud that disappeared, revealing a floating unicorn.

The unicorn asked Shirley if she had made the special rainbow, and she said yes. The unicorn told her that she now had magic powers. Shirley asked what her powers were, and the unicorn explained that she could move things with her eyes. Shirley tested her powers by moving candy across the museum into her hand. Her mom was amazed.

Shirley and her mom went outside to see if her powers worked there. She looked at their house on wheels, still attached to the horses, and made it float in the air. They climbed into the flying house, and the horses took them over Auckland and to the ocean. Shirley used her powers to stop the waves and make her house float on the water. She asked the fish, whales, octopuses, friendly sharks, frogs, and penguins to swim in circles around her house.

Shirley then let all the sea creatures fly in the sky. The next day, people all over New Zealand saw fish, octopuses, frogs, and penguins flying around. They asked Shirley to put the creatures back in the ocean, and she agreed. Shirley still had her magic powers, but she only used them on special occasions. Shirley and her family lived happily ever after in their magical house. The end.