Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Yara. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi. My name is Shirley. I'm 40. I live in Auckland and New Zealand, and I like her makeup story about a new one that can the water and air and a mermaid and a rainbow. Thank you. Bye. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a girl named Shirley who lives in Auckland, New Zealand, and who turned five years old last week on February 3. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Shirley. Happy birthday, Lori. Shirley and Shirley asked for us to make up a story that includes a unicorn that can float in the water and the air, a mermaid, and a rainbow. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Shirley. Shirley was very lucky because her mom told her that they were about to move houses. And Shirley said, what is our new house going to look like? And Shirley's mom said, they're going to have the same house, but they're going to put wheels on the house, and they're going to drive the house all the way to a different city, which is called Rainbow City. And Shirley said she never saw a house car. How could you pick up a house and put it on a car? But the next day, a bunch of construction workers came to Shirley's house, and they brought tractors, and they brought excavators. They even bring a big plate, like kind of like a wood plate that very sturdy and had wheels on the bottom. Yes. And they even brought a really long steel plate that's a kind of strong metal. And then they brought a crane. And the person in charge of the crane lifted up Shirley's house from the ground using the crane and put it on top of the big steel plate. And then that was on top of some wheels. They use some metals and hooks to attack. Yes. And they used a lot of metal and ropes, and they even used a lot of big shoelaces, like, not regular shoelaces for shoes, but big shoelaces that were like, big ropes to tie up the house onto it so that it wouldn't fall off while it was driving, and it wasn't attached to a regular car. Instead of people driving the house, there were 15 different horses because one horse is not strong enough to pull a house. So there were 15 different horses in a row, all with ropes on them that started to pull Shirley's house down the street in Auckland, New Zealand, up a hill, around a corner, over a bridge, until they got all the way to the Rainbow City. The Rainbow City was inside an old museum, and so the house was overlooking the museum, and the horses stopped walking, and they parked the house, and Shirley opened up her front door, and there was a slide that allowed you to slide down from the front door all the way onto the sidewalk. And Shirley's mom slid down the slide. And Shirley's dad also did the house take up the whole road. And Shirley's dad also slid down the slide, which went onto the sidewalk. And when they got out, they looked in the museum. The museum said museum of Rainbows Magic. Only people with magic tickets allowed. And Shirley said, we don't have a magic ticket, guys. We're not going to be able to go in. But just as she said that, there was a wind, and the wind blew up a ticket that was hiding right under her house on top of the steel plate, and the wind blew the ticket right into Shirley's hand. And Shirley caught the ticket. And just as she caught the ticket, she gave it to the person in charge of the museum, who was riding a bicycle. And the person said that Shirley and her family could go in the museum. When they walked inside the museum doors, it was all dark. Shirley told her parents to turn on the lights, and Shirley's mom flipped on the switch. The light bulb inside the Rainbow Museum was a rainbow light bulb. And whenever you turned on a light bulb, it made a real rainbow go across the room. And on one side of the rainbow, there were toys, and on the other side of the rainbow, there was gold and treasure. And Shirley and her parents were looking in the special Rainbow Museum, and they were walking from room to room. When they got into a different room in the museum, shirley turned on the light, and she saw that it made the most magical, upside down rainbow. And as it made the rainbow, the room started filling up with a cloud, and the cloud started to disappear. And as the cloud disappeared, a unicorn came floating in the room. And the unicorn said, shirley, did you make a special rainbow for me? And Shirley said yes. And the unicorn said that Shirley had gone into the magic room and that she now had magic powers. And Shirley said, what's my magic power? What can I do? And the unicorn that was able to float in the water and in the air told Shirley that now she was able to move things with her eyes. All Shirley had to do was to look at something and that it had to go wherever she wanted it to. While Shirley saw that there was some candy across the Rainbow Museum, and she looked at the candy, and she concentrated very hard. And as she looked at the candy, the candy lifted up in the air and started to float around the Rainbow Museum and go all the way past the unicorn, right to Shirley's hand. And Shirley said, mom, look at my new magic power. Look at my new magic power. And candy. And Shirley's mom saw that Shirley really wasn't joking, that the cloud that went into the other rainbow room, gave Shirley a special power, and she could now move things. Shirley told her mom she wanted to see if the magic power worked outside of the museum. So Shirley and her mom went outside of the museum, and they looked at their house, which was on so many wheels and which the horses were still attached to, and Shirley looked at it very strongly. And as she looked so hard at the house, the horses and the house started to float in the air. And Shirley said, mom, let's go before it floats too high. And then we're going to have a magic house that floats with the horses in the sky. And Shirley's mom said okay. So Shirley and her mom went into the flying house, and the flying horses took them all the way past the Rainbow Museum back over the city of Auckland until they got to the ocean. When they got to the ocean, Shirley had a good idea. She used her special eye concentration power to make the wave stop. And then she made her houseboat float right over the ocean because she could move things. And she told all of the fishies in the ocean and all of the whales that they should swim in circles right around her houseboat. And all of the fish in the ocean started to make big circles right around her houseboat. And all of the whales and all of the octopuses and all of the friendly sharks and all of the frogs and all of the penguins in the whole ocean started to go to Shirley's house. And Shirley asked all of the fish in the sea and all of the sea life if they wanted to fly. And they all said yes. So surely let all of the fish fly in the sky. And the next day, all over New Zealand and all over the city of Auckland, there were fish and octopuses and frogs and penguins. They were using the special power that Shirley had. And all of the people in New Zealand said, shirley, Shirley, do you think it's time to put the fish back in the ocean? And Shirley said, okay. So she put the fish back in the ocean, but she still had her magic power, and she only used it on secret special occasions. And Shirley and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to Make Dub Stories, the best podcast ever. Sell your friends.