Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big boy named Navid. Navid lived with his mama, daddy, and his older sister named Roya. Roya was really good at playing, but sometimes Navid was still learning. One day, Navid and Roya told their parents that they'd been inside a lot lately and they wanted to go on an adventure. So their parents said, let's go in the car. They drove their car until they reached the ferry terminal. The ferry terminal had lots of ferry ships that could carry cars and people for long rides.

Most of the ferries looked normal, but Navid showed Roya a special ferry made of olden days wood with big sails. There were sailors shouting from the sails, and people juggling colorful balls on the ship. They said this was the best kind of olden days ferry. Navid and Roya wondered how ferries worked in the olden days when there were no cars. Their parents explained that in the olden, olden days, they didn't need ferries for cars, but they had ramps for horses.

Navid and Roya's parents decided to drive their car up the ramp onto the olden days looking ferry boat. When they got on the ferryboat, they saw their grandpa dressed in a silly hat with a crown on top. He said, "I am a special person named Hedar Bazork, and I am your grandpa." Navid and Roya hadn't seen him in a long time, especially not in these silly clothes. They asked if he was really their grandpa, and he said yes. He was the captain of the ship, and he would sail the ferry with them to the olden days to explore together.

Navid and Roya asked their grandpa how ships could go back in time. Their grandpa explained that ships couldn't really go back in time, but this ferry would go through a magic ocean to a magic island where it was still like the olden days. They got on the ferry boat and started blowing colorful bubbles. Their grandpa, dressed in the silly clothes, began to sail the ship.

They sailed through magic water that changed colors and saw many strange things, like fish with wings and crocodiles eating clouds. Finally, they reached the old days island. The island was a hot desert with lots of sand. They met a snake named Solemn who said he was the king of all snakes. Just then, their grandpa told them there was a talking unicorn waiting for them to ride. They named the unicorn Lollipop Unicorn because it gave out lollipops.

Roya and Navid rode Lollipop Unicorn to Solemn the Snake. Solemn warned them not to go on the sandy island, but Roya told him they were on an important adventure. Solemn agreed to let them pass and hid away. They continued riding the unicorn until they met a robot tiger. The tiger welcomed them to ancient Persia.

As they explored, they met a friendly snake named Billy. Billy apologized for Solemn's behavior and promised to tell him to be nice. Billy went to Solemn and told him to be kind to Navid, Roya, and any unicorn, especially one that gives out lollipops. Solemn apologized, saying he was only mean because he was angry and made a mistake. Navid and Roya forgave him.

They went back on the ferry boat, sailed through the magic ocean, and returned home. Navid, Roya, and their family lived happily ever after. The end.