Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big boy whose name was Navid. Navid lived in a family with a mama and a daddy, and he also had an older sister named Roya. Roya was really good at playing, but sometimes Navid was still learning. Well, Navid and Roya told their parents that they'd been inside a lot lately and they wanted to take an adventure. So their parents said, let's go in the car. And they started to drive in their car until their car went all the way to the ferry terminal. And the ferry terminal was where they had a lot of ferry ships that cars could even go on the ferry ships, because there are also car boats and people could go on too, for long ferry rides. And most of the ferries that they saw were regular looking. But Navid showed Roya that there was a special ferry which was made of olden days wood, and it had big sails on it. And there were some sailors shouting from the roof of the sails, and there were some people juggling some balls of different colors that were on the sailship. And they said, this is the best kind of olden days ferry. Yeah, but I thought what kind of olden days would I thought we have the same kind of trees as in the olden days. Well, in the olden days, fairies didn't have to carry cars because there weren't cars in the olden days. But in the olden days, I thought they had sort of very slow cars. That is correct. In the olden days, they did have some cars that were slow that they had just invented. But even before that, they didn't have cars. So in the olden, olden days, they didn't need ferries that could carry cars. But when they looked at the ferry, they saw that there was a ramp for horses to go on and that their car fit on that wooden ramp. And so Navid and Roya's parents decided to drive their car up the ramp onto the olden days looking ferry boat. And when they got on the ferryboat, they saw that their grandpa was there. And their grandpa was dressed in a silly hat, and he had a crown on top of the hat. And he said, I am a special person named Hedar Bazork, and I am your grandpa. And Navid and Roya hadn't seen this man in a long time, especially not in this kind of silly clothes. And they said, Are you sure you're our grandpa? And he said yes. And I'm the captain of this ship, and I will sail this ferry with you to the olden days so that we could explore it together. Wait. How do ships go back in time? That is an excellent question. And Navid and Roya asked the captain of the ship, who was their grandpa, how can ships go back in time? And their grandpa said to them that ships can't really go back in time, but this was going to go through a magic ocean to a magic island where it was still like the olden days. And Navid and Roya got on the ferry boat and they started blowing some colorful bubbles that were like blue and green and red in the air. And the captain, who was their grandpa, dressed in the silly clothes with a hat on and a crown on top of the hat. How did he know he was the grandpa? Because their mama recognized him. Because it was their mama's mama. And the captain said, Dumbbell or the sails? And the other person on the ship said, the sails are dumbbellord. Well, it's a word I just made up. It doesn't really mean anything. And they started getting ready to go, and they sailed through some magic water that was green, and then the water turned red, and then it turned yellow. And then they started seeing bubbles in the water. And then sprinkles came up through the water, and then it started to get foggy. And through the fog they could see little pieces of cheese, and it started to rain meatballs. And after it rained meatballs, they saw that there were fish that had wings and were flying and that there were crocodiles that were in the sky eating clouds. And they kept going through this ferry boat through the magical waters until they got to the old days island. So this special magic island where it's always the olden days, was a desert. And the desert had so much sand and it was so hot. And they saw some snakes on the desert that went his. And one of the snakes said, my name is Solemn Snake, and I am king of all the snakes. And Solemn the Snake was a very poisonous yellow and green snake that all the other snakes were afraid of. And just as Navid and Roya looked at Solemn the snake, their special grandpa told them that there was a unicorn waiting for them to ride on and that the unicorn was right next to the boat. So they went away from Solemn the snake to the unicorn that was waiting right by the boat. And they started looking at the unicorn, and they saw that it had one horn, it had some wings, it was white, and it had special rainbow colors on it. So they got on the unicorn, and the unicorn was such a special unicorn because it could talk, and it gave out lollipops. They decided to call the unicorn Lollipop Unicorn, and Roya thought that unicorns were kind of silly, but when the unicorn gave her two lollipops and said, give one to Navid, then Roya thought, well, this is kind of a cool unicorn. And Roya and Navid rode the unicorn away from the ship all the way to Solemn the Snake. In Solemn the Snake said, don't go on this sandy, sandy deserty island. And Roya told the snake that he had to let the unicorn and Roya and Navid pass because it was an important adventure. And Solemn the Snake said, okay, and he hissed away, and he hid. Well, Navid and Roya kept riding the unicorn until they passed by a tiger robot. Now, they didn't have robots in the old days, so this tiger robot might have only been on the island because some other person dropped it off. But there was a tiger, which is a big kind of cat that's sometimes even bigger than a lion and very strong. They saw the robot tiger, and the robot tiger said, welcome to the island. You are an ancient Persia. And they looked around, and they saw that it was so much fun, and suddenly they noticed on the ground that there was a friendly snake named Billy. And Billy was such a big snake. Billy the snake was a boa constrictor. And the boa constrictor, Billy, went up to the lollipop unicorn and Navid and Roya and told them, was there a snake that almost didn't let you in at the entrance? And Roya said, yes, that the snake's name was Solemn. And first, he wouldn't let him in. And the boa constrictor named Billy said that he's sorry that Solemn was meeting and that he would go to tell him to be nice. And so Billy the boa constrictor went to Solemn the Snake and said, you have to be nice to Nafid and Roya and any unicorn, especially one that gives out lollipops. And so Solemn the snake said he's sorry. Why was he mean? He said he's sorry, and he said he was only being mean because he made a mistake and he was angry, and he said he wouldn't do that again. And Navit and Roya said that that was okay. And they went back on the ferry boat all the way back to their house on the other side of the magic ocean, and they lived happily ever after. The end.