Once upon a time, a long time ago, Farron was walking outside when she saw a big treehouse that was not made out of wood but was made out of metal. The treehouse was old and rusty, and inside the treehouse, there was a big yellow button. The yellow button said, "Don't press me." Well, Farron decided to go climb up the big metal treehouse that was in the trees. When Farron got to the top of the treehouse, she went inside and saw there was a steering wheel and a yellow button. Her dad was with her, and her dad said, "Faron, don't press the yellow button." And Farron said okay. Just as she said that, a squirrel dashed down the tree and pressed the yellow button.

After the squirrel pressed the yellow button in the metal treehouse, a big wind started to blow. There were leaves all over the ground on top of the grass, and there were so many leaves because it was fall, and in fall, a lot of leaves fall down. The magic wind picked up all the leaves and started to turn them around in the air in circles, and it kept blowing, and it looked almost like a little tornado, but it wasn't a strong tornado. "Do you know what happened to the leaves?" "What?" All of the leaves went back on the trees because it was a magic kind of wind that made the leaves blow back up onto the trees.

After the leaves blew from the ground all the way back up to the trees, and Farron was looking at the trees through her treehouse, do you know what she saw about the leaves? "What?" Well, when Farron was looking at the leaves that got reattached to the branches of the tree, she saw they were changing colors. First, they were yellow, and then they were red and blue. Finally, the leaves became green again.

Then, after the leaves became green again, she saw that the yellow button was starting to press all by itself. It was like a horn that was honking on the steering wheel inside of the metal treehouse. It pressed, and the yellow button went beep beep, and suddenly a cloud started falling down from the sky. But the cloud was not made out of little pieces of water that were in the air. Instead, it was a cotton candy cloud made up of the yummiest kind of sugariest cotton candy that you could ever find in an amusement park or adventure center or anywhere like that that has fun rides. The whole cloud fell down on top of Farron's treehouse, and it fell down on top of the trees, and suddenly the cloud was everywhere.

Well, Farron said, "Dad, what should we do? Because we're stuck in a cotton candy cloud that fell down from the sky and is now on top of the trees." And Farron's dad said, "I think that we are going to have to figure out if there's a secret button for us to press that could change the cotton candy cloud and make it go away. Why not just eat it?" And Farron said, "Well, why don't we just eat part of the cotton candy cloud?" And Farron's dad said, "Actually, you know what? That's a good idea. We should start to eat it. We can't eat too much because then we'll get a tummy ache. But why don't we just eat some of the cloud away?" And so Faron and her dad started to eat up a little bit of the cotton candy cloud until they could get to the bottom of the treehouse.

When they got to the bottom of the treehouse, they saw that there was a giant shoe. It was also made of metal. The giant shoe must have been the biggest giant in the world; it was so big. The giant shoe was stuck in the cloud of cotton candy, and that's how it got to the ground because the cloud came down, too. And Farron said, "Dad, look, there's a giant shoe. We could maybe ask a giant to eat the rest of the cotton candy because it's too much for a regular person to eat." And Farron's dad said, "That is a good idea. It might have been also like a kid giant might have been eating it, and it fell."

Yes. And Farron also realized that maybe the reason the cotton candy cloud fell is because there was a kid giant in the sky who thought it was yummy, and he ate it, and it spilled off of his plate, and it fell down. And so Faron and her dad looked at the giant shoe, and they saw that there was a problem with it. The shoe had lava in it, and it was so hot. And Faron and her dad did not know how to make the shoe regular, and they needed to get the shoe to have no lava in it if they wanted the kid giant to come back and eat the cotton candy cloud.

And so Faron had an idea. She started to sing the song from the movie Frozen. And she also started to wish upon a wish that Anna from Frozen would come. "Do you know what happened, bud?" "What?" The squirrel that came to press the yellow button in the treehouse before went right up to Farron and her dad and said, "Faron, guess what. I know the forest that Princess Anna lives in." And this squirrel ran to get Princess Anna. And Princess Anna rushed to the bottom of the treehouse where there was the cotton candy cloud. And Princess Anna got her sister to help her turn the lava and magma that was in the giant's shoe into ice so that it went away and was cold again.

After she turned it into ice, she called for the kid giant to come back. And the kid giant said, "Phi Fo, I am missing my giant shoe, and here I come." And he started tripping and trapping and marching and hopping and jumping and skipping and doing silly back flips and front flips and cartwheels. And the giant kid even did a giant somersault until he got to his shoe. When he put on his shoe, his giant foot was so hot because it was used to the magma that it made the ice melt right away. And he had a little puddle in his shoe. But the kid giant bent down, and he saw dad. And the kid giant said, "Is there a problem that you need my help with?" And Faron and her dad said, "Yes, yes. We need you to eat the cotton candy cloud because it's covering up all the trees and the leaves." And the kid giant said, "Okay." And he started to take big, numb NUM NUM yummy yummy bites of the cotton candy cloud until not so much for the giant. "Yeah, because that's not so much for the giant." And he ate so much of it up until there was no cotton candy cloud covering up the trees. "One little speck." "Yeah, except one little speck."

And do you know what happened after the cotton candy cloud was eaten up most of the way? "What?" Farron could see the leaves again. And she saw that the leaves that got reattached to the tree that fell off before, and then the wind picked it up and changed its color, and they got reattached to the leaves. Farron figured out that those leaves were starting to twinkle and sparkle, and they looked like magic leaves. And what the leaves did is once they got reattached to the trees, they made the trees grow so fast that it could grow as fast as a race car. And it became magic trees.

Farron and her dad started heading home. And on their way home, do you know what they saw, bud? "What?" They saw a submarine on the sidewalk. And Farron and her dad said, "That is a silly submarine." And they went home and lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to make up because they like it.