Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Charlie and Annabelle. Charlie and Annabelle lived in Florida. Next to their house, there were many regular roads. But one day, as they were going on the roads in the car, in their car seats, they saw an elephant crossing the road. The elephant did not look like a regular elephant. Regular elephants are blue. But this elephant was pink, and it looked like it escaped from the zoo. And there was something very silly about this elephant because there was somebody riding it. The person who was riding it had a yellow umbrella and a yellow rain jacket and yellow shoes and yellow pants. Annabelle was the first to see it. And she said, look, there's an elephant crossing the street and it's a pink elephant, and there's a man who's wearing only yellow riding the elephant. And then Charlie saw it too. And they told their mom to pull over.

So Annabelle and Charlie's mom stopped the car and they got out of the car. When they got out of the car, they saw there was a rope on the side of the street, and the rope was also yellow. And Annabelle asked, is this rope to stop cars? And then she looked more closely, and her younger brother Charlie said, I think the man who was wearing the yellow rain jacket and the yellow pants and had the yellow umbrella dropped the rope. And just as they said that, the pink elephant reappeared. And the man who was wearing so much yellow came back. And he said to Annabelle and to Charlie and to their mom, I dropped my rope. I dropped my rope. Can you guys give me my rope? And Annabelle was so surprised because this was her first time ever seeing an elephant out of the zoo. And the man was talking to them. Well, she decided that it would probably be best if she gave the rope to her mom. And her mom gave the rope to the man because the man was so high up.

But the man said, Annabelle, can you ask Charlie to climb up and stand on your shoulders? And then you go on your mom's shoulders, and then you'll all be so high because Annabelle would be on top of her mom for a shoulder ride, and Charlie would be on top of Annabelle for a shoulder ride, and they would be able to reach up to the yellow man on the pink elephant and give him the yellow rope. Well, they started to do that and their mom was so strong. And Annabelle thought usually she couldn't give Charlie a shoulder ride because five and a half-year-olds are really big. But she was able to that day. And she reached up and gave the man in yellow the yellow rope.

Well, just as she gave it to the man in yellow, she heard some thunder. The thunder usually makes a kaboom sound. And usually, after thunder, there's some lightning or rain. But this thunder didn't make a kaboom sound. This thunder made a piano sound. And it started going doom badoom badoom. And it started clicking like and just as that happened and then a guitar started. And then just as that started happening, Charlie noticed something. The man who was wearing all yellow, his clothes changed colors and a blanket appeared. And the blanket was blue. Blue? That man had Charlie's blanket. And Charlie said, look, that's my favorite blanket. That's blue blue. And the man said, well, I knew how to turn Blue Blue into a magical blanket. And if you guys come with me on an elephant ride and your mama can come too, then I'll show you a magical place.

And Annabelle whispered into her mom's ear, should we go? Because I don't know if it's safe. And Charlie asked his mom also, I'm not sure if we should go. Should we really go? And just as they said that, Blue Blue started to talk. And Blue Blue said, it's okay, you can go. And their mom said, It's okay, let's all go together safely. So they used the yellow rope to get onto the elephant and they climbed onto the elephant. And Blue Blue was so soft and so cuddly and so warm, which was good because it was starting to get cold. And the man who used to be wearing yellow, who now had Blue Blue with him, started to say, off we go. And the elephant disappeared across the highway where there was a swamp. And in the swamp, there were so many alligators. And alligators have big teeth, but they could never eat up an elephant because elephants are way too big for alligators.

Well, Charlie noticed that he could do something special if he just rubbed his blanket blue Blue. And Blue Blue became a magical blankie if he rubbed it. Do you know what happened to all the alligators? They turned into little lizards. And all of the alligators in the swamp turned into little lizards. And they all started to hold hands and march following the elephant. And the elephant that Charlie and Annabelle was on was marching through the swamp and that all of the alligators which turned into lizards were following them. Soon. I think the lizards thought that blue blue the magical blankie was really good. So maybe that's why they wanted to follow but they kept following through the swamp until they saw a soccer field and the pink elephant and the man who was wearing the yellow rain jacket and everything and now had blue, blue, said, here we are on the Magic soccer field.

Well, a magical ladder started to appear. It came out of the ground and went right up to the elephant. And Charlie had never seen the ladder come out of the ground before. And Annabelle also hadn't. So they decided to climb down it. And all of the lizards all of the lizards started to go in a circle and they started to sing and dance. Lizards have teensy tiny itty bitty eeny weeny little voices. So when they sing, it sounds like but when a lot of lizards sing together, it sounds like and all of the lizards started to sing when suddenly a magic fountain started to appear in the middle of the soccer field. And the magic fountain was squirting water out of it. And the water that it was squirting out went in a circle and suddenly a goblet appeared. A goblet is like a big cup but it's made out of gold. And the goblet came right out of that big water fountain that was in the middle of the soccer field. And the man who was wearing the yellow rain jacket and the yellow pants got off the elephant and said to Annabelle, annabelle, this is a magic goblet. When you drink the special grape juice that's in the magic goblet, you will have magic drawing powers.

And Annabelle asked her mom if she should really drink it. Her mom said that she would taste it first. So her mom picked up the Golden Goblet, which was full of grape juice, and she took a little bit of a little sip of it, and the grape juice went down her mom's mouth. And just as her mom did that, she saw her nails started to change colors. And it looked like somebody had painted some of her nails red and some yellow and some flowers were on her nails. And she looked at her toes and her mom's toes also changed colors. And it looked very pretty. Well, her mom told Annabelle. You should definitely try this. So Annabelle started to drink some of the grape juice from the Magic Goblet. And so did Charlie. And just as they drank it, all of the grass in the soccer field turned into paintbrushes. And the man who was wearing the yellow clothes told Annabelle and Charlie that they could pick up the paintbrushes and whatever they would paint in the future would come true. So if they painted a kitty cat, it would turn into a kitty cat. And if they painted a car, it would turn into a car.

Well, Annabelle and Charlie started to paint something on the elephant. And do you know what they painted on the elephant? What? A Helicopter. And then a real helicopter came and picked up the elephant. And the helicopter pilot told annabelle and charlie and the mom that they could go in. And the helicopter pilot gave the elephant a ride back to the zoo. And the man who was wearing the yellow raincoat said he would also go back because he ended up being the zookeeper. And it took Charlie and Annabelle home and their mom. And they retained they kept their magic powers, and whatever they painted for the next two days came true. And Charlie and Annabelle and her mom because they got that magic power from drinking the goblet. So whatever they panted for, the next two days came true. And Charlie and Annabelle and her mom lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to make up because they will like it.