Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old boy named Price. Price was playing in his kitchen with some Batman toys. Suddenly, the doorbell rang. Ding dong! Price thought it might be Batman, but when he and his mom opened the door, it was the mailman instead.

The mailman had a package with Price's name on it. Excited, Price opened the package using a butter knife and found lots of stickers inside. There were blue stickers, flower stickers, Superman stickers, Captain Planet stickers, Paw Patrol stickers, Lightning McQueen stickers, balloon stickers, and ladybug stickers. But Price wanted Batman stickers.

Price's mom suggested they have a silly day and put the stickers on the wall. Price happily spent eight minutes covering his wall with stickers. Then, the doorbell rang again. Price hoped it was Batman, but this time, there was nobody at the door. Instead, there was a telescope with a picture of Batman on it.

Price and his mom looked through the telescope and saw Batman flying through the sky, chasing the Joker. Batman and the Joker flew closer and closer to Price's house until they came through Price's window. Price couldn't believe it – Batman and the Joker were in his house!

The doorbell rang again, and this time, there was a Lego motorcycle that looked like Batman's. The Joker tried to steal the motorcycle, but Batman had a clever idea. He used donuts from Price's house to stop the Joker from escaping on the motorcycle.

The Joker ran back inside Price's house and threatened to take Price's computer. Price told the Joker that saying "neener, neener, neener" was not nice. Batman decided to put the Joker in jail, but he needed Price's help.

Price's mom wasn't sure if it was safe for Price to help, so they came up with a different idea. Price took the stickers off his wall and used them to stick the Joker to the floor. The Joker promised to be good if they let him go, but Price didn't believe him.

Batman took the Joker to a kangaroo judge, who listened to both sides of the story. The judge decided that the Joker needed a two-minute timeout, with Batman in charge. After the timeout, the Joker said he was sorry.

The kangaroo judge thanked Price for helping catch the Joker and promised that the mailman would send him more stickers. The next day, Price received more stickers, donuts, and Batman toys. Price and his family lived happily ever after. The end.