Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old boy whose name was Price. Price was playing around his house in the kitchen with some Batman toys. And while he was playing with Batman toys, there was a ringing of the doorbell. It went, ding dong, it was Batman. No. And Bryce went all the way to the door, and he said, "Mom, there's somebody at the door." And Price and his mom opened the door, and do you know what they saw? Batman? No. It was the mailman. And the mailman said, "I have a delivery, and it has someone's name on it." And Price said, "Is it my name? Is it my name?" And Price's mama looked at the delivery, and they saw that it did have his name on it. So Price said, "Can I open it?" And Price opened up the package using a butter knife. And inside he found stickers. There were so many stickers in the package, probably at least how many, do you think, 100? Yeah, I think there were like 100 stickers. And some of the stickers were blue, and some were of flowers, and some of the stickers and some of the stickers were of Superman. And some of the stickers were of Captain Planet. And there were a lot of different who is Captain Planet? Captain Planet is a superhero that could save the planet. And some of them were Paw Patrol things, and there were Lightning McQueen stickers. There were balloon stickers and ladybug stickers. There were so many stickers. But Price said, "I want Batman stickers." And Price's mom said, "How about this? Today, because it's a silly day, we will put this it was a silly day because he got to put the stickers on the wall." And so Price put so many stickers all over his wall, at least five minutes to put it took him probably like, eight minutes. And after Price put all the stickers all over his wall, he said, "Mom, I hear the doorbell dinging again." And he looked. And do you know what he saw? Batman. Still no. This time, there was nobody at the door. And Price thought maybe it was a ghost. But the person who left the package there and it might have been a ghost left a telescope. And the telescope had a picture of Batman on it. And Price said, "Mom, there's a telescope toy. Can we use it?" And Price's mama said, "Okay." And they started looking out of the telescope, through the window, out at the sky, when suddenly, Price heard some noise, and it went, "Batman." And Price saw Batman flying with his black cape through the sky. And Batman was flying through the clouds and all the way past some kites. And there were birds that were in the way. But Batman was able to go over the birds and under the birds. And on the side of the birds. And there were some balloons that were going through the air. And Batman went right under the balloons. And Price looked through his telescope, and he saw that Batman was chasing the Joker. And the Joker was saying some silly jokes. And Batman was saying, "That's not funny. I'm going to get you." And they were flying and flying and flying. And they got closer and closer to Price's house. And once they got so close to Price's house, Batman and the Joker came through Price's window. And Price said, "Mom, you're not going to believe this, but Batman and the Joker are in our house." And there was another ding dong at the doorbell. This time, they looked at the door, and they found a motorcycle that looked like Batman's motorcycle. Because it was all black, but it was made of Lego. And Price said, "That's not even possible. How could somebody leave a whole Lego motorcycle there so quickly it would break?" And after Price opened the door, the Joker went outside and tried to take away Batman's Lego motorcycle. But Batman had a special idea. Do you know what Batman's idea was? Batman's idea was he had a lot of donuts. Because there were donuts in Price's house. And his idea was to throw some of the donuts using a string. And then he would throw the donuts on top of the Joker. And the Joker would get stuck in the donuts. And not be able to drive away on the motorcycle. But did he go too fast? Well, the Joker was trying to go zooming on the motorcycle out away from Price's house onto the street. But luckily, Batman threw the doughnuts like they were frisbees. And usually it's not good to throw food, but superheroes know how to do it. And Batman threw doughnuts like they were frisbees all over. And the motorcycle slipped, and the Joker fell off of the motorcycle. And after the Joker fell off the motorcycle, the Joker ran back inside of Price's house. And the Joker said, "Neener, neener, neener, I'm going to take your computer." And Price said, "Hey, we don't say neener, neener, neener. That is not nice." And Batman said, "Okay, because Joker said, neener, neener, neener, we're going to put him in jail." And finally, Batman caught the Joker right by his tootsie right by his little itty bitty toes on his feet. And the Joker fell down. And Batman said, "Price, help me hold the Joker down." And Price said to his mom, "Are you sure I should help hold the Joker down?" And Price's mom said, "Batman, are you sure that even a kid should do it?" And Batman said, "Oh, you're right. Let's think of a different idea." And Price had a good idea. Price's idea was to take the stickers off of the wall. Yeah. And put so many stickers on the Joker that he was stuck to the ground because it was like glue. So many stickers, they could step on him and stuff. Yeah. So that they could trap the Joker. But then they put all the stickers on Joker. And Joker was stuck to the floor. And Joker said, "Let me go. Let me go." And Batman said, "Do you promise not to be mean anymore?" And Joker said, "I promise." But he was tricking. And Price said, "How do we know that you're not tricking?" And Joker said he had an idea to prove that he wasn't tricking. He said his idea was if you just let him go, then he'll come back and bring more Yummy donuts. And Price said, "Well, how can we believe you? Because maybe you won't come back and bring Yummy donuts. Maybe he'll just run away. Yeah. And maybe you'll just run away." So they decided that Batman would take Joker away and fly away with him all the way to a place where they could find a Judge. And a Judge is somebody who decides if you're doing the good thing or the bad thing. And they went to a Judge. And the Judge was a kangaroo. It was a kangaroo judge. Yes. And the judge said, "Batman, what happened?" And Batman told about the Joker and what he did bad. And the Judge said to Joker, "Joker, what do you say happened?" And Joker said, "Neene." And the Judge said, "Okay, if you said that two times, then there's going to be a consequence." And the Judge said that the Joker had to get a timeout for two minutes. And Batman was in charge of the timeout. And after the two minutes was up, the Joker said he's really sorry. And the Judge also said to Price, "Price, thank you so much for helping catch the Joker. And because you did that, I'm going to make sure that the mailman sends you more stickers." And the next day, Price got more stickers and more donuts and a lot of Batman toys. And Price and his family lived happily ever after. The end.