Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Noah. Noah was on a hike, walking through a forest with his family when one day he saw a stick. This stick didn't look like a regular branch from a tree that fell down because it had little pieces of silver on it. Noah picked up the stick and showed it to his parents. They said it was just a regular stick and that it probably wasn't real silver. But Noah decided to keep it just in case.

As they hiked past many trees, they came across a stream with water flowing over rocks between the trees. Suddenly, more and more streams appeared, and the ground disappeared. Now, there were just trees floating in a maze of rivers. Noah's feet were wet, and so were his parents' feet. They all wondered how there was so much water when Noah realized that the stick he found was magical. It wasn't a regular stick at all. The silver on the stick was real silver, and the stick was a magic wand. The reason all the water started to flow in streams around the trees was that Noah had accidentally put the magic wand in a little stream, creating many more streams.

Noah decided to tap the streams again with his magic wand and say, "blithergoother gother blither." As he said that, the streams turned into honey. There was so much honey flowing through the forest. There was nobody in the forest except for Noah and his family. So, there were no kids who knew about the honey everywhere and that they should jump in the honey, swim, eat some of the yummy honey, and save it up in bottles, buckets, bathtubs, cars, trucks, houses, factories, and even big holes.

Noah told his parents that it was great that the magic wand was working, and he wanted to make the honey go into a honey waterfall on the other side of the forest. As he said that, he saw waves in the honey, and the honey started to go faster and faster until there really was a honey waterfall. The honeyfall, which is a honey waterfall, started to go over a giant cliff. At the bottom of the cliff, there was a big pool of honey.

When Noah and his family got to the big pool of honey at the bottom of the honeyfall cliff, they saw a helicopter octopus. Octopuses have eight legs or tentacles, and they usually use those eight tentacles to swim around water. But there's a special kind of octopus called the helicopter octopus. It starts off in water, jumps out, and spins all of its tentacles like the propellers on top of a helicopter. With eight tentacles, it can go very high and fast in the air.

Noah saw that the flying octopus was putting on an amazing show, doing its helicopter octopus tricks. Many people from other parts of Bria, California, were coming to watch. It was such a good show that people needed tickets to go there. The only way people could get a ticket to go to Noah's special honeyfall in Bria, California, was to have a seagull carry a ticket to them. To do that, they would have to get some bread or crackers, go outside, put the breadcrumbs or cracker crumbs on the ground, and then seagulls would see it and come to them. Most of the seagulls that come when you feed them breadcrumbs don't have any tickets, especially tickets to the honeyfall. But there are a few seagulls, especially in California, that carry the purple tickets that give you entry into the honeyfall.

Noah really wanted to give many tickets to the seagulls so they could take those tickets and fly away, giving them to other kids who left out crumbs or crackers for them. But Noah didn't know where to find so many tickets, so he had an idea. Can you guess what his idea was? He asked a seagull to give him one ticket, put the ticket on the ground, and touched the ticket with his magic wand. That ticket turned into two tickets, and he touched both of those tickets with his magic wand, turning them into four tickets. He did it again and again until there were more and more tickets. Noah told the seagulls to carry all of the tickets to the boys and girls who lived in Bria, California. But the seagulls couldn't pick them up fast enough. So the octopus had to do a helicopter trick to throw all of the tickets to the seagulls while they were in the air. The octopus would spin around really fast, and its tentacles would throw tickets to the seagulls, who would catch them and bring them to kids around Bria, California, so they could see the honeyfall.

Noah was also worried about safety. He didn't want a kid to fall into the honey waterfall or even into honey because it's really sticky. A kid would have to take a big bath with soap after that. So Noah used his magic wand to create a fence right outside of the honeyfall and at the bottom where the pool was so that nobody could fall in. He saw that if he touched his magic wand on the honeyfall one last time, a friendly honey shark appeared. Honey sharks don't need to eat other sea creatures like fish to survive because they only eat honey. They're the nicest kind of shark. Honey sharks don't have sharp shark teeth; they have a big straw that comes out of their mouth, and they can slurp up honey, just like elephants can slurp things up with their big trunk. It's the same with honey sharks. They have a really big, long thing in front of their face, like a straw, and they can use it to scoop up and slurp up a lot of honey at the same time.

Noah could see that it was getting late, and it was time to close down the special attraction he made with his magic wand. He told his parents that it was time for them to go home and that they would come back and use his magic wand another day. Noah and his family left happily ever after. The end.