It. Welcome to makeup story. My name is Noah. Makeup Story is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Noah. I am almost six years old, and I live in Brea, California. I'd like a story about a friendly sock that doesn't see creatures, a seagull, and a flying octopus. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a boy named Noah who lives in Bria, California, and who turned six years old yesterday on May 10. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Noah. Happy birthday, Noah. And Noah asks for us to make up a story that includes a friendly shark that doesn't eat other sea creatures. And Noah also wants us to include a seagull and a flying octopus in the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Noah. Noah was on a hike, walking through a forest with his family when one day he saw a stick. This stick didn't look like a regular branch from a tree that fell down because the stick had little pieces of silver on it. And Noah picked up the stick and he showed it to his parents. And his parents said it was just a regular stick and that it probably wasn't real silver. But Noah decided to keep it just in case. Well, he was hiking with his family past so many trees. There was a stream with a lot of water that was flowing over some rocks right between the trees, and the ground was going away. And there was more and more streams that suddenly started to appear in between the trees. And suddenly all the ground went away. And it was just trees that were floating in between a maze of rivers. And Noah's feet were wet, and so were his parents'feet. And they were all saying, how did it get to be so much water? When suddenly Noah felt that the stick that he found seemed to be magical. It wasn't a regular stick at all. The silver on the stick was real silver, and the stick wasn't even a stick. It was a magic wand. And the reason that all of the water started to come and flow in streams around the trees was that Noah had accidentally put the magic wand in a little stream so it made so many, so many streams. Well, Noah decided to pat the streams again with his magic wand and to say, blithergoother gother blither. And just as he said that, the streams turned into honey. And there was so much honey that was flowing through the forest. Yeah, bud. Was it a yummy emergency? Like, were people swimming with the cold on? Like, yum. I get honey for my whole my whole life. There was nobody in the forest except for Noah and his family. And so there were no kids who knew that there was honey everywhere and that they should jump in the honey and start to swim and eat some of the yummy honey and save it up and put it in bottles and buckets and bathtubs and cars and trucks and houses and factories and even in big holes. So Noah told his parents that it was very good that the magic wand was working and that he wanted to make the honey go into a honey waterfall that was on the other side of the forest. And just as he said that, he could start to see waves in the honey, and the honey started to go faster and faster, and he can see that there really was a honey waterfall. And the honeyfall, which is a honey waterfall, started to go over a giant cliff. And in the bottom of the cliff, there was a big pool of honey. And when Noah and his family got to the big pool of honey, which was on the bottom of the honeyfall cliff, they saw that there was a helicopter octopus. Octopuses have eight legs or tentacles, and they're able usually to use those eight tentacles to swim around water. But there's a special kind of octopus called the helicopter octopus. And the helicopter octopus, it starts off in water and it jumps out, and when it jumps out, it spins all of its tentacles just like the rotors, the propellers, on top of a helicopter. And the octopus has eight different tentacles, so it's able to go so high and so fast in the air. Yabud. Any kids that saw a huge drop of honey falling on the head. And Noah saw that the flying octopus was putting on such an amazing show, doing its helicopter octopus tricks, that there were a lot of people from other parts of Bria, California that were coming to watch. And it was starting to be so, such a good show that people needed tickets to go there. And the only way that people could get a ticket to go to Noah's special honeyfall in Bria, California, was to have a seagull carry a ticket to them. And the only way you could do that is you would have to first get some bread or some crackers, and then you would go outside and you'd put the breadcrumbs or cracker crumbs on the ground, and then seagulls would see it and they'd come to you. Most of the seagulls that come to you when you feed them some breadcrumbs don't have any tickets, especially tickets that go to the honeyfall. But there are a few seagulls, especially in California, that are carrying the purple tickets that give you entry into the honeyfall. Yeah, Bud did also Noah give some more to them so he could let almost everyone. Yeah, and so Noah really wanted to give a lot of tickets to the seagulls, so the seagulls could take those tickets and fly away and give them to other kids who left out some crumbs or some crackers for them. But Noah didn't know where to find so many tickets, so he had an idea. Can you guess what his idea was? Bud no. What he did was he asked a seagull to give him one ticket, and then he put the ticket on the ground, and he touched the ticket with his magic wand. And then that ticket turned into two tickets, and then he touched both of those tickets with his magic wand, and it turned into four tickets, and he did it again. And then he had eight tickets, and he kept touching them and touching them until there were more and more tickets. And Noah told the seagulls to carry all of the tickets to the boys and girls who lived in Bria, California. But the seagulls couldn't pick it up fast enough. So the octopus had to do a helicopter trick to throw all of the tickets to the seagulls while they were in the air. And the octopus would be turning around really fast, and his tentacles would be throwing tickets to the seagulls, who would catch them and bring them to kids around Bria, California, so that they could see the honeyfall. Yeah. Bud what if one fell into the honeyfall? And Noah was also worried that there are safety things you have to worry about. You don't want a kid to fall into, like, a honey waterfall or even into honey because it's really sticky. And especially a kid would have to take a real big bath with soap after that. And so Noah used his magic wand to create a fence right outside of the honeyfall and also on the bottom where the pool was so that nobody could fall in. And he saw that if he touched his magic wand on the honeyfall one last time, that suddenly a friendly honey shark appeared. And a honey shark doesn't need to eat other sea creatures like fish or anything to survive, because honey sharks only eat honey. So it's actually the nicest kind of shark. Honey sharks don't have regular kinds of, like, sharp shark teeth. Bud so I don't even think they really do need teeth, because honey isn't that thick and strong. Yeah, so honey sharks actually have no teeth at all. Honey sharks have a big straw that comes out of their mouth, and they can slurp it up, just like elephants can slurp things up with their big trunk and elephants big nosy. It's the same with honey sharks. They have a really big, long thing in front of their face which is like a straw, and they can use it to scoop up and to slurp up a lot of honey at the same time. Well, Noah could see that it was getting late and it was time to close down the special attraction that he made with his special wand. Wand. So Noah told his parents that it was time for them to go home and that they would come back and use his magic wand a different day. And Noah and his family left happily ever after the end.