Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jesse. Jesse was taking a bath, and he had a little toy boat in his bathtub. He loved to play with the toy boat, putting it under the water, filling it up, and then pouring the water back into the bath. 

As Jesse played, he noticed that his bathtub was getting bigger and bigger, and he was growing too! Soon, he became a giant, and he was taking a bath in the ocean. There were some dolphins swimming next to Jesse. One dolphin tickled his armpit, and another swam right into his hand. Jesse gently told the dolphin that it wasn't supposed to be in his bath.

Jesse looked around and saw that the ocean was starting to bubble, and a pirate ship was sailing towards some mountains with a waterfall. Near the pirate ship and the waterfall, there was a big, empty chest. The pirates were so tiny compared to Jesse the Giant. 

Jesse swam over to the little pirate ship, picked it up, and saw a bottle of apple juice. He put the pirate ship inside the apple juice bottle, trapping the pirates. One of the pirates shouted, "Let me out! Let me out!" Jesse said he would only let the pirate out if he told him where their treasure was.

The pirate talked with his friends, and they decided to tell Jesse. Jesse opened the apple juice bottle, and a parrot flew out. The parrot delivered a message from the pirate captain to Jesse, saying there was a treasure chest at the bottom of the waterfall.

Jesse let the pirates go and started to dig with his pinky finger, which was still very big and strong. He found an old wooden chest with a big lock on it. Jesse was so strong that he could open the lock just by squeezing it. Inside the chest, he found gold coins filled with chocolate. Jesse was so happy because he loved chocolate more than gold.

Jesse ate all the chocolate coins, but then his tummy started to hurt. He realized he needed to burp, and when he did, a cloud came out of his mouth, and it started to rain. A storm gathered over the ocean, and fish jumped in the rainy water. Jesse knew he had made a mistake by eating so many chocolate coins.

He told the pirates they had tricked him, and maybe the chocolate had poison in it. The Pirate Captain apologized and said the only way to cure Jesse's tummy ache was to find the trophy for the strongest giant in the ocean. Jesse asked where the trophy was hidden, but the pirate refused to tell him.

Jesse lifted the pirate up to his eyes and demanded to know where the trophy was. The pirate finally said it was on top of the waterfall, in a small cave that giants couldn't fit into. Jesse wondered how he could get the trophy, but the pirate said it was impossible.

Jesse decided to try anyway, so he went to the top of the waterfall and found the cave. He tried to break the cave open, but it was made of strong titanium, and even Jesse the Giant couldn't destroy it. Jesse felt sad, thinking his tummy would hurt forever because of the chocolate and the pirates' trick.

Then, Jesse had an idea. He realized the parrot could fit into the cave! He told the pirates to ask the parrot to go inside. The pirates obeyed, and the parrot flew into the dark cave, guided by green glow worms that looked like stars. At the end of the cave, the parrot found a glowing blue trophy surrounded by glow worms.

The parrot carried the trophy out of the cave, past the waterfall, and brought it to Jesse. Jesse held up the trophy, and it magically made new coins with special tummy medicine inside. Jesse ate some of the medicine, which tasted yummy, and his tummy felt better.

Jesse warned the pirates not to trick him again, or he would put them back in the apple juice bottle. He thanked the parrot, continued his bath, and lived happily ever after. The end.