Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse. And Jesse was taking a bath, and he had a little toy boat in his bathtub. And he used to play with the toy boat and put it under the water, and he would fill it up with water, and then he would spill it out right into the bath. Well, as he was doing it, he noticed that his bathtub was getting bigger and bigger, and Jesse was also getting bigger and bigger until he became a giant and he was taking a bath in the ocean. And there were some dolphins that were next to Jesse. And one of the dolphins went under one of Jesse's arms and it was tickling his armpit and another dolphin went right in Jesse's hand. Jesse picked up the dolphin and he told the dolphin that it wasn't supposed to go in his bath. Jesse looked around and he saw that the ocean was starting to have lots of bubbles in it and that there was a pirate ship that was starting to go next to some mountains where there was a waterfall. And down where the pirate ship was, right by the waterfall, there was a big, empty chest. Well, the pirates were so teensy compared to Jesse because Jesse was a giant. So Jesse swam over to where the little pirate ship was, and he picked it up, and he saw that there was an apple juice bottle, and he put the pirate ship in the bottle of apple juice. The pirates were inside the pirate ship and they were locked in the apple juice bottle. And one of the pirates was putting up his arms and shouting and yelling and saying, let me out. Let me out. But Jesse the giant said that he wouldn't let the pirate out unless the pirate told Jesse where all of his treasure was. And so the pirate went to the back of the ship, and he started to talk with all of his other pirate friends, and he whispered to the pirates that they should just tell Jesse where their treasure was. And they decided to tell Jesse. So Jesse opened up the bottle of apple juice, and a parrot flew out of the apple juice bottle. And the parrot delivered a message from the captain of the pirate ship to Jesse. The parrot flew right up to Jesse's ear, and he told Jesse that there was a chest full of treasure right at the bottom of the waterfall. So Jesse decided to let the pirates go, and he started to dig with his little pinky, because his pinky, even though it was his littlest finger, was so big, and he was able to just move rocks very easily. And he dug away until he was able to find an old wooden chest with a big lock on it. And Jesse the Giant was so strong, he could just open up the lock by just squeezing it. So he squeezed the lock, and he opened up the treasure chest, and he saw that it was full of gold coins. And when he looked at the gold coins, he saw that he could open them up, and there was chocolate inside them. And this really made Jesse the Giant happy, because the only thing better than gold coins are gold coins that have chocolate in them. And so Jesse the Giant started to eat so much chocolate he ate so much chocolate that he emptied the whole treasure chest and gobbled it all up. But then Jesse the giant's tummy started to hurt. And when his tummy started to hurt so much, he realized he needed to burp. And so, Jesse the giant burped and when he burped, a cloud came out of his mouth, and it started to rain. And the ocean had a big storm gather over it. And the storm started raining down, and lots of fish started to jump up in the rainy water. And Jesse the Giant realized that his tummy hurt so much and it was a mistake to eat so much of the chocolate coins. And he told the pirates that they tricked him and that maybe the chocolate had some poison in it. And the Pirate Captain said that he was sorry and that the only way that Jesse's tummy ache could go away is if Jesse got the trophy for the best, strongest giant in the ocean. And Jesse asked the pirate where they hid that special trophy. And the pirate said he couldn't tell Jesse no matter what. And Jesse picked up the pirate, and he lifted him with his finger all the way up to Jesse's eyes. And Jesse said, you have to tell me where you hid that trophy. And the pirate told Jesse that he hid the trophy on the top of the waterfall. But it was a place that it was so small, there was like a little cave, and giants couldn't fit in the cave. And Jesse said, well, then how am I going to get it? And the pirate said, no matter what, you can't get it. How about he just going to destroy the cave and take the trophy out? And Jesse said, Well, I'm going to destroy the cave, and then I'll just take the trophy out, and then my tummy ache will go away. So Jesse stood up and he went to the top of the waterfall, and he saw where the cave was, and he started to bang on the cave. But the cave was made of titanium, and it was so strong that even the strong Jesse giant couldn't destroy it. And so Jesse was out of ideas, and Jesse was like, oh, no. My tummy is going to hurt forever because of all of that chocolate that I ate, and you pirates tricked me. When finally Jesse had an idea, Jesse thought to himself, you know what could fit in the cave? Do you know what? Jesse. His brother. No, not his brother. The parrot. So Jesse told the pirates that they had to tell the parrot that the parrot should go in the cave. And the pirates had to listen to Jesse because he was a giant. So they told the parrot to go in the cave, and the parrot flew in the cave. And the cave was really dark, but it had green glow worms all over the top of the cave, so the parrot could see a little bit. And the parrot followed the glow worms, which were green, and they looked kind of like stars in the dark cave. And the parrot flew to the end of the cave until it saw a bunch of green glow worms surrounding a special glow in the dark blue trophy that looked like a baby giant. And the parrot got that trophy, and it carried it in its parrot claws out of the glow worm cave, past the waterfall, and right to Jesse the giant. And when Jesse the giant saw that the parrot was there, he told the parrot to land in his hand. And the parrot landed in Jesse's hand, and Jesse held up the trophy. And when he held up the trophy, he saw that the trophy was able to make new coins. And these coins had special tummy medicine in it. And Jesse ate a little bit of the tummy medicine, and it actually tasted yummy. It wasn't bad tasting medicine, and Jesse's tummy felt all better. So he told the pirates that they couldn't trick him anymore, or else he would put them back in the apple juice bottle. And he thanked the parrot, and Jesse continued his bath, and he lived happily ever after. The end.