Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Nico. Nico had just finished eating dinner, and it was getting dark. Soon, he looked out his window and saw the moon and even a couple of stars. He saw the Big Dipper, but he couldn't see it clearly yet. As it got darker and more stars appeared, Nico was finally able to see the Big Dipper. The Big Dipper is a group of stars that form a shape. If you follow the angle, it points to the brightest star, the North Star. In the olden days, sailors used the North Star to find their way on ships because they didn't have compasses. Compasses are tools that help you find directions without looking at the stars. To make a compass, you need a tiny magnet, a surface with north, south, east, and west written on it, and a little pin.

Nico saw that it was very dark outside, and his mama told him it was time for bed. First, he needed to brush his teeth. Nico's mama took him to the bathroom and got out the toothpaste to put on his toothbrush. But she accidentally put ketchup on it instead! Nico started brushing his teeth with ketchup, and it was so silly. He told his mom about the mistake, and she cleaned his teeth properly. Then, it was time for story time.

For story time, Nico's mom opened a big book called Loxy the Little Dino. The book was special because some parts were see-through, and others were invisible. Only Nico and his mom could see it. Nico's mom read the story of a boy named Nico who lived in the olden days when dinosaurs roamed the Earth. There were other animals living at the same time, like turtles and snakes.

In the story, Nico found himself in a land with dinosaurs, snakes, turtles, sharks, and lobsters. He met a little dinosaur named Loxy, who was sad because he was the smallest dinosaur ever. Loxy wanted to be friends with Nico, and Nico agreed. Usually, people and dinosaurs weren't friends because they didn't live at the same time. But Loxy said it was okay.

Suddenly, they heard a noise from some bees, and Loxy got scared. Nico told Loxy not to worry because he could hide in his pocket. So, Loxy climbed into Nico's pocket, and they went to a giant stadium.

The stadium had different colored suns above it: red, green, blue, and purple. The suns were too high for even the dinosaurs to touch. Under the suns, there was a dance party for all the animals. The big dinosaurs did a stompy dance, the bees did a flying dance, and the turtles flipped over and did an upside-down dance. Everyone had so much fun at the dance party, and the bees even did cool tricks in the air.

Then, Nico looked back at his mom, who was reading the story of Loxy the Dino from the book. She said, "And they lived happily ever after." The book closed, and Nico and his mom lived happily ever after too. The end.