Welcome to makeup. The Kids Bedtime Womb is tonight's makeup story is a request from a listener named Nico. And Nico is four years old, and he asked for us to make up a story about a dinosaur named Loxy loxy the Dino and Dance party. And we're also going to add a monkey and a turtle to the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Nico. Nico had just finished eating dinner, and it was getting dark. Very soon, he looked out his window and he could already see the moon and even a couple of stars. He sees a Big Dipper, but he wasn't able to see the Big Dipper yet. Well, pretty soon, it got even darker and more stars were visible, and Nico was able to see the Big Dipper. The Big Dipper is a group of stars that goes in different lines. If you see the angle, it dips. You would try to find the brightest star. And that would be the North Star. Yes. And if you look at where the Big Dipper, which is a group of stars, if you look at where the group of stars points, then it points to the brightest star that you can see in this whole sky during the night, and that is called the North Star. And a lot of sailors in the olden days used to find their way by ships using the North Star. They had to use stars because they didn't have instruments like compasses in the olden days. Compasses are ways of telling the direction where you don't have to look up to the sky and see the stars. You need the compass, and then you need to put a tiny magnet. Yes. And to make a compass, all you need is a tiny magnet. And then you need to write north, south, east, and west. And you need to put a little pin on it, and you need to put it on a flat surface, and then you can see directions, because compasses work with magnets. Sometimes you'll need to put metal or something on the outside to not touch the needle thing. You need to put glass over it. That's right. And Nico saw outside the window that it was so dark, and his mama told him that it was time for bed. First, it was time for him to brush his teeth. So Nico's mama took him to the bathroom, and she got out the toothpaste and put it on his toothbrush. But Nico's mama wasn't being very careful. And instead of using toothpaste, she put ketchup on Nico's toothbrush. And Nico started using the ketchup to brush his teeth. And it was so silly. And Nico said, Mom, I think you're making a mistake. And Nico's mom looked at him and saw all the ketchup, and she said, oh, now we're definitely going to have to clean your teeth. And then Nico's mom cleaned Nico's teeth, and they were ready for story time. For story time. Nico's mom opened up a big book, and the big book was called Loxy the Little Dino. And the book looked pretty special because part of the book was see through, and part of the book was also invisible. And the only people that could see it were Nico and his mom. And Nico's mom opened Loxy the Dino, and it told the story of a boy whose name was Nico that lived in the old and olden days when there were dinosaurs. And when dinosaurs lived on Earth, there were also some other animals that lived on Earth at the same time. One of those animals was a turtle. Turtles lived while dinosaurs were alive, was also alive in the olden days. Alive what? Warmies? Not sure about that. But maybe because snakes were alive when dinosaurs were alive. And I think snakes are from the same family. Yeah, they do look kind of similar. They must be related somehow. Yeah, I think from the same family somehow. Yeah. All right, let me try to tell this story, but okay. Wouldn't have fishy. Yeah. All right. Let me tell this story, but okay, well, where was I as a dinosaur? Oh, yeah. So it was the olden days when dinosaurs were alive, and dinosaurs lived at the same time as bees. And so when the dinosaurs were roaming about, they used to get a lot of bee stings. But some of the bee stings didn't hurt the dinosaurs, because the dinosaurs had such thick, reptilian skin, just like an alligator does, or crocodile or even a lizard. But a dinosaur skin was even harder. The thing is, when the bees stung the dinosaurs, the bees had a little bit of poison. And so, even though the dinosaurs were so big and the bees were so little, dinosaurs used to be afraid of bees. And sometimes there were swarms of bees, which are groups of bees that came out of a beehive, and there would be a Tyrannosaurus rex, and the Tyrannosaurus rex would look so big and scary. It had big teeth, and it chomped, and it was so strong. But the Tyrannosaurus rex would have to run away of all the bees because the bees had a poisonous stinger. The poison doesn't work on well in this story. It works on dinosaurs. And there were also snakes at the same time as dinosaurs. And Nico was in this land, and he saw snakes and he saw turtles, and he saw in the sea, there were sharks and there were lobsters walking about. And Nico saw that there was a little dinosaur whose name was Loxy. Loxy was a really nice dinosaur, but Loxy was sad because Loxy was such a small dinosaur that Loxy fit into a kid's pocket. Most dinosaurs are so big that they're as big as trees or even bigger than trees. Loxy was the smallest dinosaur who was ever born. There was never, ever a smaller dinosaur than Loxy. And Loxy the Dino was also the friendliest dinosaur. And Loxy the dinosaur told Nico that he wanted to be best friends. And Nico said okay. But usually people and dinosaurs weren't friends because normally people didn't live at the same time as dinosaurs. And Loxy the dinosaur said, that it's okay. And Loxy the dinosaur started hearing some and the noise was coming from some bees. And Loxy the Dino got scared, but Nico told Loxy the Dyno that it was okay because Loxy the Dyno could hide in his pocket. And so Loxy the Dyno went into Nico's pocket, and Nico carried Loxy the Dyno all the way to the middle of a giant stadium. And the giant stadium had different color suns on top of it. There was a red sun, there was a green sun, there was a blue sun, there was even a purple sun. They were a little bit too high even for dinosaurs to touch. But the different suns made different color light beams, and it looked like different flashlights that were going to this big stadium, and you couldn't jump all the way up. But at this stadium, it said Dance party. And this was a place in the old and olden days before there were people that yeah, let me just finish a story, bud. Okay. What's your question? My question is, if 100 people standing on top of each other, then could they reach it? Well, 100 kids or 100 grownups? 100 grownups. And is it 100 men or 100 women, including one that is tall elephant, including the tallest person who ever lived who is as tall as an Asian elephant, including him? Well, I think that then they would have been able to reach these sons. But what I was going to say is that under the suns, there is a dance party. And all the big dinosaurs and all the little dinosaurs and all of the bees and all of the sharks and all of the snakes and all of the lobsters and all of the turtles were listening to the same music. And the music was london Bridge is falling down, falling down, falling down london Bridge is falling down, my fair lady. And they decided to turn that into a dance party. And the dinosaurs that were big would do a stumpy kind of silly dance. And the bees did a flying dance, and the turtles flipped over their shells and did an upside down dance. And everyone had so much fun at this dance party. And the bees did cool tricks and did jet tricks and air. Yeah. And the bees did cool jet tricks and air. And then Nico looked back and he looked at his mom, and he saw that his mom was just reading this whole story of Loxy the Dino in a book. And his mom said, and they lived happily ever after. And then the book that his mom was reading closed, and Nico and his mom lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. If you liked the story, tell your friends about makeup stories and write us a five star review. You can also connect with us on Facebook at Makeup stories.