Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Harper. Harper and her dad were out for a walk near a farm when suddenly they heard a kaboom in the sky. Harper asked her dad, "Is that thunder?" Her dad replied, "Yup, it looks like a storm's coming." Harper looked up and saw something a little bit silly about this storm because usually storm clouds are dark and gray, but the clouds today were rainbow colored. Some clouds were red, some were yellow, some were green, and there was even a purple cloud. Then it started to rain. The yellow clouds rained yellow rain, the green clouds rained green rain, and the purple clouds rained purple rain. Suddenly, it became very windy.

Harper looked at the farm and asked her dad what the animals were going to do. Her dad said, "We better tell the farmer to take the animals inside the barn because there are so many piggies outside on the farm." The wind started to blow, and it blew so hard that it was like the big bad wolf was blowing. The wind was huffing and puffing, and the leaves on the trees started to rustle, and some of the grass started to blow. Suddenly, before the farmer could come, Harper and her dad saw an emergency. The storm got way too big, and all the different colorful rain was raining down on the pigs, making the dirt so muddy. The pigs thought, "Oh, we're just going to play in this mud," and they forgot to go to the barn. The wind was howling and blustering, making a whistling sound, and suddenly it became a hurricane.

Now, hurricanes are very big storms, and you have to be careful. So Harper and her dad went into the farmhouse and looked out the window. Do you know what they saw? They saw the pigs getting carried up by the wind. The wind was blowing the pigs away through the air, and they were turning upside down. The pigs were saying, "Oink, oink, oink, oink, oink," as they were flying through the air carried by the wind. Harper also saw some kids' kites flying in the air, and there were balloons with some kids on them. Harper said, "Oh no, we have to help." Her dad said, "This is a big emergency. We need to figure out a way to catch the pigs and get the kids back so that everyone can return to the earth."

Harper said, "We might need a rocket ship because it's not going to be easy to fly a helicopter through that kind of storm. It's too windy for a helicopter and an airplane. Airplanes don't go through hurricanes." Harper had an idea. She didn't know how to make a jet engine herself, so she told her dad, "When it rains, it gets wet." They decided to collect many water guns and put them in the bottom of a rocket ship. The water guns would get filled with water, and then they would make a water gun rocket ship. When they pressed the button on the water gun, it would squirt water down so much that it would make their kid rocket ship go up in the sky through the blustering wind on top of the colorful yellow, green, blue, and purple clouds all the way up to space. They would use a big butterfly net to catch the pigs and bring them back to earth. They would also help the kid who was attached to the balloon get back to earth.

Her dad said that was a really good idea. They collected all the water guns they could find and put them upside down so that the squirty part was on the bottom. They put a big cardboard box on top and put raincoats on top of the cardboard box so it wouldn't get wet and would be waterproof. They made a little compartment inside that they could go in and put their helmets on. Harper and her dad went in the kids' rocket ship, and Harper said she would be the astronaut and her dad could be the astronaut's helper. Her dad agreed.

When they got in their kids' rocket ship, they put it out right by the farm. Harper said, "Three, two, one, blast off." She pressed the trigger on all the water guns, and it started blasting out so much water. The rocket ship, powered by water guns, went up in the air all the way to the top of the hurricane. Harper looked out the window of the rocket ship, but she couldn't find any piggies or the kid on the balloon. She told her dad they would need to steer to outer space because maybe the piggies and the kid went there.

The rocket ship went so fast, and it reached outer space. Harper saw a big meteor. Now, meteors are usually very hard and made out of metal, but this meteor was muddy and had the same colors as the clouds. Harper asked her dad if the clouds could have come from this meteor. Her dad said, "Maybe. Let's land on the meteor and check it out." Harper steered the rocket ship to land on the meteor, and do you know what she saw? The piggies were there, and they loved this muddy meteor. The kid with the balloons was also there because he followed the piggies to the meteor.

This was a special meteor named Pigawiga Balaga, and not only the farm pigs were there, but there were pigs that lived on the meteor full time. Harper told her dad they would need rain boots, and they put them on. They went on the meteor and got muddy because the mud was so deep. They told the piggies they came to save them. The piggies said, "Oink, oink, oink." At first, the piggies wanted to stay on the meteor, but Harper had an idea to bring them down.

She told the piggies they would attach a rope to the meteor and let the kid on the balloon come inside the rocket ship. They would tow the meteor back to the ground. The piggies were happy with that idea. Harper's dad helped attach a rope to the meteor, and they attached it to their water gun rocket ship. The kid ziplined to the rocket ship, and they went blasting off back to earth with the meteor in tow. The piggies were so happy because they landed on the farm, and the big storm went away. Now the piggies had a special muddy meteor to play with. Harper, her dad, and the kid they saved all lived happily ever after. The end.