Welcome to makeup. The Kids Bedtime Womb is tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old listener named Harper. And Harper asked for us to make up a story that includes a lost piggy, a big, big storm, and going to outer space and seeing a meteor. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Harper. Harper and her dad were out for a walk near a farm when suddenly they heard a kaboom in the sky. And Harper asked her dad, is that thunder? And Harper's dad said, Yup, it looks like a storm's coming. And Harper looked up and she saw that there was something a little bit silly about this storm, because usually storm clouds are dark and gray, but the clouds today were rainbow colored. Some of the clouds were red, and some of the clouds were yellow, and some of the clouds were green. And there was even a purple cloud. And it suddenly started to rain. And the yellow clouds reigned yellow rain. And the green clouds rained green rain, and the purple clouds rained purple rain. And suddenly it became very windy. And Harper looked at the farm and she asked her dad what the animals were going to do. And her dad said, we better tell the farmer that he should take the animals inside the barn because there were so many piggies outside on the farm. And the wind started to blow, and it blew so hard, it was like the big bad wolf was blowing, because the wind was huffing and puffing and the leaves on the trees started to rustle, and some of the grass started to blow. And suddenly, before the farmer could come, harper and her dad saw that there was an emergency. The emergency was that the storm got way too big. And all of the different colorful rain was raining down on top of the pigs and making the dirt so muddy that was okay, but it got so, so muddy that the pigs were like, oh, we're just going to play in this mud. And they forgot to go to the barn. And the wind was howling and blustering, and it was making a whistling sound, and suddenly it became a hurricane. Now, hurricanes are very big storms, and you have to be careful. So Harper and her dad went into the farmhouse, and they looked out the window, and do you know what they saw? They saw the pigs getting carried up by the wind. And the wind was blowing the pigs away through the air, and they were turning about upside down, and the pigs were saying, oink, oink, oink, oink, oink, as they were flying through the air carried by the wind. And Harper could also see that there were some kids kites that were also off their string, just flying in the air. And the kids weren't attached to them, but there were balloons also flying through the air and there was a balloon with some kids on them. And Harper said, oh, no, we have to help. And her dad said, this is a big emergency. We are going to need to figure out a way to catch the pigs and to get back the kids so that everyone could return to the earth. And Harper said, well, we might need a rocket ship because it's not going to be so easy to fly a helicopter through that kind of storm because it's too windy for a helicopter. And it's not going to be so easy to find an airplane through the storm because it's too windy for an airplane. Airplanes don't go through hurricanes. And Harper said she had an idea. She didn't know how to make a jet engine herself, so she told her dad, so she told her dad, when it rains, what happens? It gets so wet. Yeah. So they decided they would collect so many water guns and they would put them in bottom of a rocket ship. And the water guns would get so much water in them. And then they would make a water gun rocket ship where when they press the button on the water gun, it would squirt water down so much that it would make their kid rocket ship go in the sky through the blustering wind on top of the colorful yellow, green, blue and purple clouds all the way up to space. And then they would use a big butterfly net to catch the pigs and bring them back to earth. And they would also help the kid who is attached to the balloon get back to earth. And her dad said that that was a really good idea. So they collected all of the water guns that they could find and they put them upside down so that the squirty part was on bottom. And they put a big cardboard box on top and they put some raincoats on top of the cardboard box so that it wouldn't get wet and it would be waterproof. And they made a little compartment inside that they could go in and they put their helmets on. And Harper and her dad went in the kids rocket ship and Harper said that she would be the astronaut and her dad could be the astronaut's helper. And Harper's dad said, okay, well, when they got in their kids rocket ship, they put it out right by the farm. And Harper said, three, two, one, blast off. And she pressed the trigger on all the water guns and it started blasting out so much water. And the rocket ship that was powered by water guns went up in the air all the way in the sky and it got to the top of the hurricane. But Harper was looking out the window of the rocket ship and she couldn't find any piggies and she couldn't even find the kid on the balloon. So she told her dad that she would need to steer them to outer space because maybe the piggies went to outer space, and maybe the kid's balloon went so high that he also went to outer space. Yeah. And harper didn't know if the kid landed on top of the clouds. Well, the rocket ship was going so fast, and it went to outer space, and she saw there was a big meteor in outer space. Now, meteors are usually very hard, and they're kind of made out of metal at some meteors. And when she got to this meteor, she saw that it was a different kind of meteor. She saw that this meteor was very muddy, and it had the same kind of colors that the clouds did. And she asked her dad if she thought that the clouds could have come from this meteor. And her dad said, maybe. Why don't we land on the meteor and check it out? So harper steered the rocket ship to land on the meteor, and she landed on the meteor. And do you know what she saw? What? The piggies were there. The piggies loved this meteor because it was a muddy meteor, and piggies love mud. And the kid with the balloons was also on this meteor because he followed the piggies all the way to the meteor. And this was a special meteor that not only those pigs from the farm were there, there were pigs that lived on the meteor full time. It was a meteor named pigawiga balaga, and the meteor named piggaliga bawaga was such a special meteor, but it was so muddy that harper told her dad they were going to need to use the rainboots, and harper got on her rainboots, and her dad got on. He didn't have any rainboots, so he had to get his snow boots on. And they went on the meteor, and they got so muddy because the mud on the meteor was so deep, it was even deeper than harper's rainboots and even deeper than harper's dad's snow boots. And they told all the piggies on the meteor that they came there to save them. And the piggy said, oink, oink, oink. And at first, the piggies wanted to stay on the meteor because it was so good and muddy, but harper had an idea to bring it down. Yeah. She told the piggies that they were going to attach a rope to the meteor and they were going to let the kid who was on the balloon come inside the rocket ship, and they would just tow the meteor on the rocket ship, which was by attaching it to a rope, and they would tow it back to the ground. And the piggies were happy with that idea. So harper's dad helped harper attach a rope to the meteor, and they attached it to their watergun rocket ship, and the kid ziplined to the rocket ship, and then they went blasting off back to earth with the meteor in tow. And the piggies were so happy because guess where they landed in the farm and the big storm went away. And now the piggies had a special muddy meteor to play with. And Harper and her dad and the kid that they saved all lived happily ever after. The end. To tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.