Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Shreya. Shreya lived in a castle in a faraway kingdom, on top of a hill covered in beautiful flowers. Next to the castle, there was a little fountain that squirted out chocolate. The chocolate rolled down the hill, right next to Shreya's princess castle, and all the way down to the Chocolate River. The Chocolate River was the most famous river in the whole world. Princes and princesses from all over came to see Shreya's castle and the Chocolate River.

One day, someone came to Shreya's princess castle and walked to the top. When they got there, they let go of some balloons. The balloons started going up in the sky and turned into birds as they went higher. The birds got bigger and bigger as they flew, and then they turned into kites, attached to the person's hands. That's when Shreya knew it was a wizard, someone who could do magic. Because usually, balloons don't turn into birds and kites.

Shreya got her mom and dad, and they asked the person who they were. The person said they weren't really a person, but an animal dressed up as one. Shreya looked closely and saw that they were wearing a scarf and a mask, so you couldn't see their face or neck. Maybe it was an animal dressed up as a person. Shreya's dad asked, "Who are you? What kind of animal are you really?" The person said, "I'm a magical cat." Shreya remembered a story her mom read to her when she was little about a magical cat that could turn into a princess, prince, knight, or king.

The magical cat told Shreya and her family that he wanted to show them a secret place under a bridge next to the Chocolate River. The cat, dressed up as a person and wearing a hat, took Shreya and her parents down the flower-covered hill. As they walked, butterflies fluttered around them. The cat was a big kitty, as tall as a toddler, wearing a coat and boots.

When they got to the bridge, which was like a troll bridge over the Chocolate River, the cat told Shreya that under the bridge was a secret passage to an ice cream factory. But Shreya could only get in if she teamed up with another princess. The cat said she had to choose which princess to team up with, and he would make that person appear. Shreya chose Princess Aurora.

Princess Aurora was famous for being able to sleep for a very long time and gain magical powers while she slept. The cat said, "Abracadabra," and Princess Aurora appeared under the troll bridge, looking like she was sleeping. Shreya tried to wake her up, but she wouldn't. Shreya's mom told a funny joke, and her dad yelled, "Wake up, Princess Aurora!" but she still slept.

Finally, Shreya asked the giant kitty what to do. The cat said that Princess Aurora would only wake up if a frog from the Chocolate River jumped on her hair and hopped twice while saying "ribbit." Shreya knew a frog that lived there, and it jumped onto Princess Aurora's hair. Princess Aurora woke up, and the secret door under the troll bridge opened, leading to the ice cream factory.

This ice cream factory was special. When you went inside, you could get to outer space without a rocket ship. It was like a shortcut through the earth. The ceiling of the ice cream factory had a little sun instead of light bulbs. Inside, there were tiny creatures no bigger than dolls who made the yummiest ice cream in the world while singing and dancing.

Shreya got a tour of the factory and saw they could make an ice cream cannon to shoot ice cream to nearby kingdoms that needed it. All the kids in Shreya's kingdom wanted to try the special ice cream cannon. Shreya and her family lived happily ever after. The end.