Welcome to makeup. Post. My name is Raya. Makes up stories the best pockets ever tell you friends. My name is Ray. I'm 60 years old. I live in Burnaby, Canada. I would like a story about a giant ice cream factory, a giant kitty cat, and Princess Aurora. Thank you. Bye. Tonight's makeup story is a request from girl named Shreya, who lives in Canada and who is six years old. And so we want to say Hello, Shreya. Hello, Shreya. Shreya. And as a reminder to other kids, if any of you have any questions for Jonah or for me, you could tell your parents to record that question with you and then send it an email. Go ahead, bud. We might also do a playground one like this, but you tell us what to do on the playground. Yeah, that will be fun as well, where people could tell us what to do on the playground, and then we'll post a video of it on Facebook. Shreya asks for us to make up a story that includes a giant ice cream factory, princess named Aurora, and a giant kitty cat. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Shreya. Shreya lived in a castle in a far away kingdom, and the castle was at the top of a hill, and the hill had so many beautiful flowers on it. And at the top of the hill, right next to the castle, there was a little fountain that came out of the ground, and the fountain squirted out some chocolate. And that chocolate would roll down the hill right next to Shreya's princess castle and go all the way down to the Chocolate River. The Chocolate River was the most famous river in the whole world. And princes and princesses would come from across the world to see Shreya's castle and the Chocolate River. One day, there was somebody who came all the way to Shreya's princess castle, and they walked to the top. And when they got to the top, they let go of some balloons, and the balloons started going up in the sky, and the balloons turned into birds as they were going up in the sky. And the birds got bigger and bigger as they were flying, until finally, the birds, as they were flying back down, turned into kites, and the kites were attached to the person's hands who was next to Shreya's castle. And that's when Shreya knew that it was a wizard, somebody that could do some magic. Because usually if you put balloons in the air, it doesn't turn into birds and kites and stuff. Well, anyway, Shreya got her mom and dad, and Shreya's parents asked the person who they were, and the person said that it wasn't really a person. It was just an animal dressed up as a person. And Shreya looked closely at the person's eyes, and she could see that really, whoever it was was wearing a scarf so you couldn't see their neck, and they were wearing a mask, so you couldn't see their face. And maybe it was an animal that was dressed up as a person. And Shreya's dad said, well, who are you? What kind of animal are you really? And the person said, I'm a magical cat. And Shreya had heard of this in the story that her mom read her when she was just a little kid. The story was about a cat that went to a faraway land dressed up as a person. And the cat was able to do some magic and turn into a princess or a prince or a knight or a king or anything that the kitty cat wanted to turn into. It was really good at costumes. Well, the kitty told Shreya and her family that he wanted to show them a secret, secret part that was under a bridge next to the Chocolate River. And the kitty cat that was dressed up as a person and wearing a hat took Shreya and her parents down the hill that was full of all of the wonderful flowers. And there were some butterflies that were going on the hill as Shreya and her family were walking down with the kitty cat that was wearing a hat and a coat and boots and dressed up like a little person. But it was a pretty big kitty cat, maybe one of the biggest kitty cats in the world. And so it was as tall as like even as tall as a toddler. And when the kitty cat got to the bridge, it was like a troll bridge that went over the Chocolate River. The kitty cat told Shreya that under this troll bridge, if you walk under it, you could see a secret passage to an ice cream factory. But the only way that Shreya could get in is if she teamed up with another princess. And the kitty cat said, you have to choose which princess to team up with. And then I'll make that person come here in front of you. And so Shreya said, I want Princess Aurora. And Princess Aurora is a famous princess that knows how to sleep for such a long time and could wake up after being asleep for, like, even not just, like, a few hours or days, but Princess Aurora could sleep for years and years and just become more and more magical as she sleeps and get new and new powers. So the kitty cat said, Abracadabra. And Princess Shreya saw that right under the trollbridge next to the Chocolate River. Princess Aurora came, and Princess Aurora looked like she was sleeping. And Shreya said, Wake up, Princess Aurora. Wake up. And Princess Aurora wouldn't wake up. And then Shreya said, mom, dad, what should we do? And Shreya's mom tried to say a funny joke to wake up Princess Aurora, but she was still sleeping. And Shreya's. Dad said, wake up, Princess Aurora. And Princess Aurora was still sleeping. Finally, Shreya asked the giant kitty that was dressed as a person what to do. And the kitty cat said, the only way that princess Aurora would wake up is if there is a frog that jumps out of the chocolate river that will jump right on top of the princess's hair. And if the frog jumps on top of the princess's hair and hops up two times while saying rivet, then she'll wake up. And shreya knew a frog that lived there because she used to come down to the chocolate river to look for kind of frogs or salamanders or any kinds of things that you could see there. And one of the frog friends of hers jumped up onto princess Aurora, and princess Aurora woke up after the frog hopped on her hair. And just as princess Aurora woke up, the door, the secret door under the troll bridge opened up, leading to the ice cream factory. There's a lot of different ice cream factories in the world, and in some of the ice cream factories, you'll see, like, big machines where they put in milk and out of which comes ice cream. But those ice cream factories are kind of regular ones. The ice cream factory that was at the bottom of the flower hill near the chocolate river, under the troll bridge, past the door that you could only go through if you got two princesses together, was a really special ice cream factory. If you opened the door and you went into the ice cream factory, you could get to outer space even without taking a rocket ship. It was kind of like a shortcut because you went into the earth, and there's a part inside of the earth that's a little bit like outer space. It was a secret part of the inside of the earth. And the ceiling of the ice cream factory had something that looked like the sun. And that's what it had to light up the ice cream factory, a little miniature sun instead of light bulbs. And inside of the ice cream factory, there were lots of little kinds of creatures that were no bigger than Barbie dolls that would all work together to make yummy ice cream. And they would sing songs, and they would dance, and they would have so much fun as they made the yummiest kind of ice cream in the world. And then Shreya got a tour of the factory, and she saw there was so much good ice cream that they could even make an ice cream cannon, and they could shoot ice cream out of her kingdom to nearby kingdoms that were running out of ice cream. And all of the kids who lived in Shreya's kingdom wanted to try the special ice cream cannon to shoot out ice cream anywhere. And Shreya and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Hi, I'm Ike. We live in Mexico. Why don't you make up choice? Tonight's question is from Ike who asks, why do I make up stories? The answer to the question is that when my son Jonah was four years old, I started telling him makeup stories to help him go to sleep. And then one day, my wife said, steve, why don't you start recording those stories and putting them online as a podcast? And then I started to do that so that all the kids could hear the stories. Thanks.