Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Vitter. Vitter was really lucky because he lived in an underground house. The house was beneath a big mountain, and to enter the house, you had to find a tree with a big X on it. If you found the tree with the big X, that meant you were next to Vitter's secret underground house. When you found the tree with the X, you had to look up and pull a string. When you pulled the string, it made a ding-dong sound, and the doorbell to Vitter's underground house started to ring.

After the doorbell rang, some leaves and branches would move away, revealing a golden door to Vitter's underground house. You had to knock on the door, going knock, knock, knock. If you knocked three times like that and then said boom, boom, the golden door would open, and you would go inside using a slide. The only way to get into Vitter's house, which was underground, was to take the underground tunnel slide. At the end of the slide, you reached Vitter's toy room.

Vitter's toy room was really fun because it had an underground ChuChu train, race cars, unicorns, and many special things to play with. One day, Vitter built a house out of blocks and Legos, pretending he had an underground block house in his real underground house. All the kids who lived in the rainforest loved to visit Vitter's house because they got to use the slide, do the secret knock, knock, knock, and play with Vitter's special toys.

One day, all of Vitter's friends lined up at his door, knocked, and the door opened up. They slid all the way down the slide to the bottom, where Vitter had set up a fort made out of blankets and pillows. All the kids went into the fort, slid down at the same time, and made a big pile. Then Vitter and his friends got up from the bottom of the slide, where the pillow fort was, and decided to set off on an adventure.

Vitter's family knew it wasn't always safe for kids to go into the rainforest alone, so they kept a pet leopard named Leppy. Leppy was a really nice leopard, kind of like a kitty cat. Instead of just saying meow like a regular kitty cat, Leppy would say meow. If Leppy did that, other animals in the rainforest would leave Vitter and his friends alone because they didn't want to be mean to a leopard. So Vitter's mom and dad said, "Alright, Leppy the leopard will come with you on your special forest adventure." Vitter put a leash on Leppy the leopard.

Leppy the leopard was a silly leopard because he thought he was a turtle. Leppy had a special ability that turtles have: just like turtles could make their heads go back into their shells, Leppy could hide his head inside his neck. So if there were a big, scary animal, Leppy would have been okay. But Leppy was also a very slow runner because he liked to wear slippers. Regular leopards usually walked on their bare feet, but Leppy preferred to wear slippers because the rainforest ground was always wet.

Vitter and all his friends climbed out using the ladder that went to the roof of the underground house, which was just the regular part of the rainforest next to the mountain. They went out the secret yellow exit, and Leppy the leopard was on a leash as they started to walk around. As they walked, they saw an orange frog. When Vitter saw it, he said, "I think I might have seen this orange frog in a dream sometime."

The orange frog told Vitter and all his friends that it usually went to kids in dreams. The orange frog was a special kind of frog that you could sometimes see only when you were dreaming and asleep, and sometimes only when you were really awake. The orange frog told Leppy the leopard and Vitter and all his friends that if they wanted to have an orange frog in their dreams, they had to let the orange frog jump on their heads. It didn't hurt for an orange frog to jump on your head because they were soft.

Vitter said, "Okay, but first, jump on Leppy the leopard's head." The orange frog jumped up, but before it could land on Leppy's head, Leppy hid his head inside his body, so the orange frog fell down onto Leppy's slippers. Vitter said, "No, that's not the right place." So the orange frog jumped up onto Vitter's head. As the orange frog jumped onto Vitter's head, Vitter could feel that it tickled his hair. The frog was very soft and didn't hurt.

The orange frog said, "Close your eyes, Vitter." Vitter closed his eyes, and as he did, he had a dream even though he was awake. In the dream, all the trees in the rainforest turned to carrots, and there were bees that looked like butterflies. These bees liked to eat ice cream, and the rivers in the rainforest were made of ice cream. There were orange trolls that lived under the bridges in the rivers, and these trolls were nice because they gave kids candy instead of being mean to people who went over the bridges.

Vitter was having this really nice dream until suddenly the frog jumped off his head and onto Leppy's head when Leppy wasn't looking. Then Leppy started to have a dream too, in which he got rocket boosters and became fast. Suddenly, Vitter saw his mom and dad come, and all of Vitter's friends who were with him in the rainforest said, "How about we go home with the orange frog, and then we can have silly dreams whenever we want?" Vitter said okay.

So the orange frog followed Leppy the leopard and Vitter as they went back to their house. When they got to their house, the orange frog said he had a silly trick with maple syrup. Vitter asked, "What is it?" The orange frog made a little volcano out of maple syrup, and it squirted all over Vitter's underground fort at the end of his slide. Vitter thought it was so silly because the frog also cleaned it up. Vitter and his family lived happily ever after. The end.