Okay, go. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Tess. Makeup Stories are the best podcast ever. Tell all your friends. Name is Riddle. I'm five and three courses. I'm turning six. I'm on 24 and eleven. USA. Whose name was Zahi. And I would like this story about a frog that's orange, a leopard that runs really slow, and also a volcano that explodes out maples. Here, please. Thank you. I love your stories. Bye. Tonight's makeup Story is a request from a boy named Vidder who lives in Boston, Massachusetts, and who turned six years old yesterday on March 31. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Vitter. And Vitter asked for us to make up a story that includes an orange frog, a leopard that runs so slowly, and a volcano that explodes maple syrup. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Vitter. Vitter was really lucky because he lived in an underground house. The house was underneath a big mountain, and the way to go in the house was first you had to find a tree that had a big X on it. And if you found the tree that had a big X on it, that meant that you were next to Vidder's secret underground house. When you found the tree that had an X on it, you had to look up, and there was a string that you got to pull. And when you pulled the string, it made a ding dong. And the doorbell to Vidder's underground house started to ring. And then after the doorbell would ring, you would see some leaves and some branches move away. And under the leaves and branches, there was a golden door to get into Vidder's underground house. And you had to knock on the door, and you go, knock, knock, knock. And then if you knocked three times like that, knock, knock, knock, and then said boom, boom. Then the golden door would open, and you would go inside using a slide. Because the only way to get into Vitter's house, which was underground, was to take the underground tunnel slide. And when you got to the end of the slide, you got right to Vidder's toy room. And Vidder's toy room was really fun because it had an underground ChuChu train. It also had race cars, and Vidder had unicorns, and he had so many special things to play with. And one day, Vidder built a house out of blocks and Legos, and he pretended that he had an underground block house in his underground real house. And all of the kids who lived in the rainforest loved to go visit Vidder's house because they got to use the slide, and they got to do the secret knock, knock, knock. And they also got to play with Vidder's special toys. One day, all of Vidder's friends were lined up at his door, and they knocked on the door, and the door opened up, and they got to slide all the way down the slide and then the bottom of the slide. Vitter set up a fort that was made out of blankets and that was made out of pillows. And all of the kids went into the fort, and they slid down at the same time, and they made a real pile. And then Vitter and his friends got up from the bottom of the slide, where there was the pillow fort, and they decided they were going to set off on adventure. It's not so safe sometimes to go in the rainforest alone if you're a kid. And so Vitter's family kept a leopard with them. And it was a pet leopard. It was a really nice leopard. It was kind of like a kitty cat. And this leopard, instead of just saying meow, like a kitty cat, like a regular kitty cat, says meow, this leopard would say meow. And if it did that, then other animals in the rainforest would leave Vitter and his friends alone because they wouldn't want to be mean to a leopard. So Vitter's mom and dad said, all right, leppy the leopard is going to come with you on your special forest adventure. And Vitter got his leash onto Leppy the leopard. Now, Lepe the leopard was kind of a silly leopard because Lepe the leopard thought that he was a turtle. Lepe the leopard had a special ability that turtles have, which is that just like, turtles could make their heads go back in their shell. Lepe the leopard was the only leopard that was ever born that was able to turn his head into his neck and hide it inside. So if there were, like a big ear animal, like a dinosaur or something like that, then Lepe the leopard would have been okay. So Lepe the leopard did have one superpower, but Lepe the leopard was also so slow. A lot of leopards could run really fast. But Leppy the leopard was a very slow runner. And the reason that Leppy the leopard was so slow is because Lepe the leopard liked to wear slippers. Now, regular leopards, usually they just walk on their bare feet. But Lepe the leopard was like, well, the rainforest ground is also always so wet, and so I just want to walk with my regular feet using slippers. And the slippers were fun for Lepe leopard, but they also made him go slow. Well, Vitter and all of his friends climbed out using the ladder that went to the roof of the underground house. And the roof of the underground house was just the regular part of the rainforest next to the mountain. And they went out the secret yellow exit, and Leppy the leopard was on a leash, and they started to walk around. As they were walking around, they saw an orange frog came. And the orange frog, once Vitter saw it, Vitter said, I think I might have seen this orange frog in a dream sometime. And the orange frog told Vitter and all of his friends that the orange frog usually goes to kids in dreams. And the orange frog was a special kind of frog that could sometimes you could only see it while you're dreaming and you're asleep, and sometimes you could only see it if you're really awake. And the orange frog told Leppy the leopard and Vidar and all of his friends that if they wanted to have an orange frog in their dreams that they had to let the orange frog jump on their head. And it didn't hurt for an orange frog to jump on your head because they're soft. So Zidar said, okay, but first, jump on Leppy the leopard's head. And the orange frog jumped up. But before he could land on Lepe the leopard's head, lepe the leopard put his head inside his body so that the orange frog fell down and the orange frog fell down on Leppy the leopard's slippers. And Vitter said, no, that's not the right place. And so the orange frog jumped up onto Vitter's head. And as the orange frog jumped onto Vitter's head, vitter could feel that it kind of tickled on his hair. And the frog was very soft, it didn't hurt. And the orange frog said, Close your eyes, Vitter. And Vitter closed his eyes. And as he closed his eyes, he had a dream, even though he was awake. And in the dream, all of the trees in the rainforest turned to carrots and there were bees that looked like butterflies, and the bees that looked like butterflies, all they liked to do was eat ice cream. And the rivers in the rainforest were made of ice cream. And there were orange trolls that lived under the bridges in the rivers. And the trolls were nice trolls because instead of being mean to people that went over the bridges, the trolls in the forest used to give kids candy. And Vitter was having this really nice dream until suddenly the frog jumped off of Vitter's head. And while the leopard wasn't looking, it went on the leopard's head. And then the leopard started to have a dream too, in which the leopard got rocket boosters and the leopard was fast. And then suddenly Vidder saw that his mom and dad came and all of Vidder's friends who were with him in the rainforest said, how about we go home with the orange frog and then we could have silly dreams whenever we want? And Vidor said okay. So the orange frog followed Leppy the leopard and Vidar as they went back to their house. And when they got to their house, the orange frog said he had a silly trick with maple syrup. And Vitter said, what is it? And the orange frog made a little volcano out of maple syrup and it squirted all over Vitter's underground fort, which was at the end of his slide. And Vitter thought it was so silly because the frog also cleaned it up. And Vitter and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Don you makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.