Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Elle. Elle wasn't a real princess, but she had a princess outfit that she sometimes liked to wear. Elle lived on a houseboat. The bottom of her houseboat looked like a regular boat with a boat engine, and it was the shape of a boat, and it could float on the water. Inside the boat, there was a door that looked like a regular house door. You could open up the door, and then you would go inside the middle of the houseboat where there was a kitchen. The kitchen was so silly because instead of a regular sink, it had a bathtub as a sink since it was a houseboat.

You could go past the kitchen in the houseboat all the way to Elle's room. When you got to Elle's room, you would be very lucky because there was a ladder that went all the way up to the ceiling. Once you got to the ceiling, there was a slide that turned around, and you could slide down onto Elle's bed. Then you could have a pillow fight or some other fun thing where nobody would get a boo boo.

Elle sometimes wore her princess dress as she and her parents drove the houseboat through the oceans. There was one time when Elle was on the deck of the houseboat, and she saw a whale jump out of the water. Most people don't get to see whales jump out of the water, so if you do, you're very lucky. Elle was especially lucky because the whale she saw had bells on it. As it jumped out of the water, the whale made dinging sounds, and then it splashed back into the water. As it splashed back, Elle saw that the whale's tail had a necklace with beads on it.

Elle told her parents, "Mom, Dad, I saw a whale with a bead necklace around its tail!" Her mom and dad said, "Wow, that is so cool!" They decided to follow the whale. Elle steered the houseboat and told her dad to make the engine go super fast to keep up with the whale. She kept the whale in sight as she looked through her binoculars to see the whale with the special things on it jump up and down through the water.

Soon enough, Elle saw that the whale was going to an island that smelled kind of sugary. Elle had never heard of a sugary island. She thought maybe there was a candy factory on the island or maybe a mine where they got lots of sugar from. But Elle didn't know what was really there, so she told her parents they should steer the ship to the candy island.

They docked the ship at the candy island, and Elle and her parents swam together using life jackets all the way to the beach. When they got to the beach, they saw so many wonderful things. Instead of regular bears, there were big gummy bears having fun. Some of the gummy bears were playing volleyball, and they were throwing candy over the net to the other side as their game.

Elle told her mom that what she smelled before was a clue that there was a candy island. Her mom asked if she brought her binoculars, and Elle showed her mom that she did. Elle looked through her binoculars and saw birds flying with wings made of candy wrappers. The birds carried messages made of candy with letters in them. One of the birds flew towards Elle and dropped a message in front of her shoes.

Elle picked up the special candy message and read, "Are you the real princess?" She told the bird with the candy wrapper wings that she wasn't a real princess, just wearing a princess dress. Then another bird came. This bird had four butterfly wings that moved like helicopter wings, going round and round in a circle. The bird said it had an even more special message for Elle. The message was about a marshmallow lake on the island. Nobody could swim in the marshmallow lake unless they had a special ticket.

Elle asked if they could go see it, and the special bird agreed. Elle and her parents followed the bird to the marshmallow lake. When they got there, they saw a big hole in the ground filled with marshmallow. The hole was getting bigger and bigger, with more marshmallow going in it. Elle, her parents, and the special birds were amazed at how big it was getting.

Suddenly, a mermaid came out of the marshmallow lake and went to the side for a break. Elle asked the mermaid if she was a real mermaid. The mermaid said she was the mermaid princess of Candy Island and was in charge of making rainbows every time it rained because there was always a rainbow on Candy Island when it rained.

Elle asked how she became a princess who could make rainbows. The mermaid said that whoever went to the marshmallow lake and figured out the secret thing it could do would become a real princess. Elle, her parents, the rainbow mermaid princess, and the silly birds went to the marshmallow lake. Elle had an idea. Usually, when wind blows on a regular lake, it makes tiny waves. She decided to blow on the marshmallow lake to see what happened.

Elle told her mom, dad, both birds, and the rainbow mermaid princess to blow on the marshmallow at the same time. They counted down, "Three, two, one," and started blowing. As they blew on the marshmallow lake, it got bigger and bigger. Elle felt her princess power, and her princess costume began to glow. Elle felt like she was becoming a real princess.

She told her mom and dad that she was now a real princess, and they could go back to their houseboat. Elle said goodbye to the rainbow mermaid princess, the marshmallow lake, the silly birds with silly messages, and the gummy bears on the beach playing volleyball with candy. Elle and her parents swam back to their houseboat and lived happily ever after. The end.