Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Elle. Elle was not a real princess, but she did have a princess outfit that she sometimes liked to wear. And Elle lived on a houseboat. The bottom of her houseboat looked like a regular boat with a boat engine, and it was the shape of a boat, and it could float on the water. And inside of the boat, there was a door that looked like a regular house door. And you could open up the door, and then you would go inside of the middle of the houseboat where there was a kitchen. And the kitchen was so silly because instead of a regular sink, because it was a houseboat, it had a bathtub as a sink. And then you can go past the kitchen in the houseboat all the way to L's room. And when you got to L's room, you would be very lucky because in L's room, there was a ladder that went all the way up to the ceiling. And once you got to the ceiling, there was a slide that turned around, and you can slide down the slide onto Elle's bed. And then you can have, like, a pillow fight or some other kind of fun thing where nobody would get a boo boo. And Elle sometimes would wear her princess dress as Elle and her parents drove the houseboat all the way through the oceans. There was one time when Elle was on the deck of the houseboat, and she was looking out at the big waves before her, and she saw a whale jump out of the water. Most people don't get to see whales jump out of the water, so if you do, you're very lucky. And L was especially lucky because the whale that she saw had bells on it. So as it jumped out of the water, the whale made kind of, like, dingling kind of sounds, and then it splashed back into the water. And as it splashed back into the water, elle was able to see that the whale's tail had a necklace with beads on it. So Elle turned around and told her parents, mom, dad, I saw a whale that had a bead necklace around its tail. It's like flipper thing. And Elle's mom and Elle's dad said, wow, that is so cool. And they said they should follow the whale. So Elle got to steer her houseboat, and she turned the houseboat to follow the whale, and she told her dad to have the engine of the houseboat go super fast to keep up with the whale. And she kept the whale in sight as she looked through her binoculars to see the whale with the special things on it jump up and down through the water. Well, soon enough, Elle saw that the whale was going to an island that smelled kind of sugary. And Elle had never heard of an island that was so sugary. She thought maybe there was, like, a candy factory on the island or maybe like mine where they get so much sugar from. But Elle didn't know what was really there, so she told her parents that they should steer the ship where the whale was going to the candy island. Soon enough, they docked the ship at the candy island, and Elle and her parents swam together using a life jacket all the way to the beach of the candy island. When they got to the beach of the candy island, they saw so many wonderful things on the beach. Instead of having regular bears, there were big gummy bears that were sitting down and trying to have fun. Some of the gummy bears were playing volleyball, and they were throwing up. Instead of regular kinds of things like a regular volleyball, the way that those gummy bears would play volleyball is they would throw up candy over the net to the other side, and that was the game that they played. Well, Elle looked around, and she told her mom that what she smelled before was a clue that there was a candy island. And her mom said, yeah, did you bring your binoculars? And Elle showed her mom that she really had her binoculars. So Elle picked up her binoculars, and she looked in the sky of the candy island, and she saw that there were birds that were flying, and the birds didn't have regular wings because their wings were made of candy wrappers. And the birds carried messages, and the messages were made of candy, and the candy had letters in it. One of the birds went right towards l, and it had a message, and the message fell right in front of L's shoes. Elle picked up the special candy message that the bird with the candy wrapper wings went and sent, and she saw that the message said, are you the real princess? And Elle told the bird with the special wings made out of candy wrapper that she was not a real princess. She was just wearing a princess dress. And then a different bird came. And the other bird didn't have candy wrapper wings. The other bird had butterfly wings, only it didn't just have two butterfly wings. It had four butterfly wings. And the butterfly wings didn't move like regular wings. They're kind of like helicopter butterfly wings. They went round and round in a circle. And the other bird said that it had an even specialer message for L. And L said, what is it? And the other bird said that on the island, there was a marshmallow lake. And the marshmallow lake was really yummy, but there was a rule that nobody would be allowed to swim in the marshmallow lake unless they had a special ticket. And Elle said, can we go see it? And the other special bird said, okay. And Elle and her parents followed the other special bird all the way to the marshmallow lake. When they got to the marshmallow lake, they saw that there was a big hole in the ground, and the hole in the ground was full of marshmallow. And then the hole was getting bigger and bigger, and more and more marshmallow is going in it. And Elle and her parents and the special birds were saying, wow, I can't believe how big it's getting. And suddenly a mermaid came out of the marshmallow lake, and it went right to the side of the lake for a little break. And Elle came up to the mermaid and said, are you a real mermaid? And the mermaid said that she was the mermaid princess of Candy Island and that she was in charge of making rainbows every time it rained, because on Candy Island, there was always a rainbow whenever it rained. And Elle said, well, how did you become a princess that could make rainbows? And the mermaid said, whoever goes to the marshmallow lake and figures out the secret thing that it could do will become a real princess. And Elle went with her parents and the rainbow mermaid Princess and also the silly birds. And she went right up to the marshmallow lake. And Elle had an idea. Usually when wind blows on a regular lake, it makes, like, teensy little waves in the lake. She decided she was going to blow onto the marshmallow lake and see what happened. So Elle told her mom and her dad and both of the birds and the rainbow mermaid princess to blow on the marshmallow at the same time. And she said, Three, two, one. And they went and they started blowing on the marshmallow. And as they blowed on the marshmallow lake, the marshmallow started getting bigger and bigger. And then Elle felt her princess power, and Elle's princess costume became glowy, and it glowed so much. And Elle felt that she was becoming a real princess. So she told her mom and dad that she was now a real princess and they could go back to their houseboat. And Elle said goodbye to the rainbow mermaid Princess, and she said goodbye to the marshmallow lake, and she said goodbye to the silly birds that had silly messages. And Elle said goodbye to the gummy bears on the beach, which were playing volleyball with Candy and Elle and her parents swam back to her houseboat and they lived happily ever after. The end.