Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Axel. Axel was excited for Halloween and told his parents to get the candy and costumes ready, because they were going to go trick-or-treating and collect lots of candy from their neighbors. Axel's parents were also very excited for Halloween. But when the day came, Halloween didn't happen. For some reason, all the decorations outside the houses were gone, the candies had disappeared, and the kids' costumes were missing. When Axel woke up that day, he found a big mystery: Why wasn't it Halloween? Axel asked his mom what was going on. She looked at the calendar and saw that today was supposed to be Halloween. She checked her phone and computer, and everywhere she looked, it said it was Halloween, but nobody was dressed up, and nothing was happening.

Axel had an idea. He told his mom that they should go out dressed in Halloween costumes, and he would dress up as a king. When people asked why he was dressed up, he would say it was Halloween, and they would remember and give him candy. So Axel put on his king costume, complete with a pretend sword, crown, shield, and robe. Axel and his mom went outside in their costumes. Soon, another kid came up to Axel and asked, "Axel, why are you dressed as a king? It's not Halloween." Axel told the kid that it really was Halloween, but everyone had just forgotten. The kid asked Axel to prove it. Axel said, "Watch this," and placed his pretend sword on the sidewalk. When the sword touched the sidewalk, everything became Halloween again. Costumes appeared on the other kid and Axel's mom, and all the decorations came back.

The other kid told Axel, "You were right. It really was Halloween the whole time." Axel explained that a ghost had come to life and taken away all the costumes, decorations, and candy, making everyone think it wasn't Halloween. The other kid, now dressed as a ninja, asked where the ghost went. Axel said that when he put his pretend sword in the ground, it made the ghost go away, and now Halloween was here to stay. As he said this, everyone else started coming out in their costumes. There were people dressed as bunny rabbits, superheroes like Spiderman, Elsa from Frozen, and even silly things like telephones and robots.

This wasn't just a regular Halloween, though. Axel realized that when he put his sword in the ground, it also turned the houses into castles, the cars into horses, and the street lamps into candles. It was becoming the olden days, and Halloween wasn't going away. The cement turned into rocks, and the roofs grew leaves. Axel told everyone that when the ghost went away, it made Halloween stay and turned everything into the olden days. Everyone asked what they should do, and Axel said they needed to make sure the decorations didn't try to get them. The people asked how they could do that, and Axel told them not to worry because some decorations were nice, like unicorns and teddy bears, and they would use their magic to make the bad decorations be nice.

Axel picked up his sword, and all the good decorations came to save the day. The unicorns, teddy bears, princesses, and superheroes held hands and told the other decorations to be nice and not ruin Halloween. The other decorations listened because they knew Axel was the real king of this Halloween. Everyone was happy that Axel saved the day and that the bad decorations couldn't get them. They asked if it would be Halloween forever, and Axel said no. To end Halloween, he had to take his sword out of the ground. But before he did that, he wanted everyone to have a big party. They had a candy party where they threw candy in the air and caught it with hats. Whoever caught the most candy got a special sticker, which could be traded for toys.

Axel pulled his pretend sword out of the sidewalk, and suddenly it became a regular day again. Halloween was over, and the party was over. But Axel still had a bag of candy in his hand. Axel and his family lived happily ever after. The end.