Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Axel. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi, my name is Axel, and I'm seven years old, and I live in Makai, Queensland, Australia, and I want to make that story that is long Halloween, a king and castle, and the decorations come to life. Thanks. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Axel, who lives in Queensland, Australia, and who is seven years old. And so me and Jonah want to say hello. Axel. Hello, Axel. Baxel. I'm in Scraxel. That's silly. And Axel asks for us to make up a story that includes a long Halloween, a king in a castle, and decorations that come to life. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Axel. Axel was waiting for Halloween to come, and he told his parents to get the candy ready and also to get their costumes ready, because on Halloween, they were really going to go around and get so much candy and say trick or treat to all of their neighbors. And Axel's parents were also very excited that Halloween was going to come. But when it was the day for Halloween, Halloween didn't come. For some reason, all of the decorations outside of all the houses were missing, and all of the candies were gone. And all of the kids costumes were also missing. And so when Axel woke up that day and he expected there to be Halloween, there was a big mystery. Why wasn't it Halloween? And Axel asked his mom what was going on. And Axel's mom looked at the calendar, and she said that really, today was supposed to be Halloween. She also checked on her phone and even looked on her computer, and wherever she checked, it said it was supposed to be Halloween, but nobody was dressed up, and nothing was happening. And so Axel had an idea. Axel told his mom that they should go out and they should dress up in Halloween costumes and that he would dress up as a king. And then when people asked about why he was dressed up, he would say, because it's Halloween. And then the other people on the street would remember and give him candy. And so Axel got on his king costume, and he got a pretend sword, and he had a crown, and he wore some special king clothing, including a shield and a robe. And Axel and his mom went outside walking around in their costume. Soon, another kid came up to Axel and said, axel, why are you dressed as a king? It's not Halloween. And Axel told the kid that it really was Halloween. Everyone just didn't remember. And then the kid asked Axel to prove it, how he really knew it was Halloween. And then Axel said, watch this. And he picked up his pretend sword, and he put it in the sidewalk. And when the pretend sword touched the sidewalk, everything became Halloween. And another costume went on the other kid. And the other kid was dressed up as a ninja. And suddenly a costume went on axel's mom. And all of the decorations came back. And the other kid told Axel, you really were right. It really was Halloween the whole time. And Axel the King told the kid that he knew what happened. Halloween really did come, but there was a ghost that came to life. And the ghost took away all of the costumes and the ghost took away all of the decorations from all of the houses. And the ghost took away all of the candy from outside of all of the houses. And that's why everyone thought it wasn't Halloween. Well, Axel's friend, who is dressed up as a ninja, said, well, where did the ghost go? And Axel said that when he put his pretend sword in the ground, it made the ghost go away. And now Halloween was here to stay. And just as he said that, he saw that everyone else was starting to come out in their costumes. And there were people dressed up as bunny rabbits, and there were people dressed up as superheroes, like Spiderman. There was people dressed up as Elsa from Frozen. And there were also people dressed up as really silly things. One kid dressed up as a telephone, another dressed up as a robot. And all of the costumes were really silly. Well, this wasn't just a regular Halloween, because Axel realized that when he put his sword in the ground, it was also making all of the houses start to turn into castles. And all of the cars that were parked on the street were starting to turn into horses, and all of the street lamps were starting to turn into candles. And it was becoming the olden days, and Halloween wasn't going away. All of the cement in all of the houses turned into regular kinds of rocks, and all of the roofs grew kind of leaves on top of them. And Axel told everyone that when the ghost went away, it made Halloween stay for so long, and it was also becoming the olden days. And so everyone said, well, what should we do? And Axel said, the first thing we need to do is make sure that none of the decorations try to get us, because some of the decorations that were on people's houses were like spider decorations or ghost decorations. And all of the people asked Axel, how could we make sure that the decorations don't come get us in this Halloween? And Axel told them not to worry. And they said, well, why? And Axel said that because some of the decorations were actually nice things, like unicorns, and some of them were also nice, like teddy bear decorations, and that all of the good decorations would save the day using their magic and make sure the bad decorations had to be nice. And that's exactly what happened, axel picked up his sword. And just as he did that, all of the good decorations came to save the day. And the unicorns and the teddy bears and the princesses and the superheroes all held hands, and they told the other decorations that they had to be nice and they weren't allowed to ruin Halloween. And the other decorations decided to listen because they also knew that Axel was the real king in this kind of Halloween. And all of the people were really happy that Axel saved the day and that the bad decorations couldn't come to get them. And they said, well, is it going to be Halloween forever? And Axel told them, no, that the way for Halloween to end in this special world was to take his sword out of the ground. And once he took his sword out of the ground, it would become a regular day again. But he said that before he did that, he wanted everyone to have a big party, and everyone had a candy party where they got to throw candy in the air, and then they had to catch them using hats. And whoever caught the most candy got a special sticker. And if you got, like, two stickers or three stickers, then you could trade those stickers in for a toy. And the more toys that you had, the more stickers you could get. And the more stickers you had, the more toys you could get. An axel pulled his pretend sword out of the sidewalk, and suddenly it became a regular day again. And Halloween was over, and the party was over. But he saw that he still had a bag of candy that was in his hand. An Axel and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to the story. Now it's time for us to answer some bedtime questions. If you have a bedtime question, then you can submit the question to Makeup stories@gmail.com. Here's our first question. Hi, my name is Ezra and I live in Delray Beach, Florida. And I'm seven. And my question is, how do you make electronics? Tonight's question comes from a listener named Ezra who lives in Delray beach, Florida, and who is seven years old. Ezra asks us, how do you make electronics? Well, inside of batteries, there are a bunch of different little itty bitty ninjas. And the ninjas could be either red ninjas that are in the battery, or they could be blue ninjas. We call the ninjas electrons, and the red ninjas we call positive electrons. And the blue ninjas we call negative electrons. And then you have to connect the battery to a wire that's kind of like connecting the hose to something where water could come out of. And then the ninjas, the red and blue ninjas, which are the electrons, they go through the hose, they go through the wire. And then the wire or the hose could be attached to something that could move, like an engine or a light that heats up, and then you connect the hose all the way back to the battery on the other side. And then when the red and blue ninjas are going through the hose, they kind of push each other, and they make anything in their way move, too. When we're using electricity, we don't use real hoses. We use wires. And the types of wires that these red and blue ninjas like to swim through tend to be copper wires, but there are other wires that they could swim through also. If kids want to learn more about electricity, then they should do experiments with their parents using batteries and wires and maybe light bulbs. Thanks for listening to makeup. My name is Louis Is. My cocktail is the best pork cocktailA. Tell your friends.