Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old boy named Lawrence. One day, Lawrence went with his parents to the ocean. When they arrived, they saw a yellow submarine with green stripes, looking a bit like a bumblebee. The submarine pulled up to the dock where Lawrence and his parents were standing. Out of the submarine came a captain wearing a captain's hat, a blue jacket, and holding a telephone.

The captain asked Lawrence and his parents if they wanted to join him on an underwater adventure in the bumblebee submarine. Since it was Lawrence's birthday, his parents agreed. So, they all climbed into the yellow submarine with the captain, who had silly googly eyes but could still see, or so he said.

As the submarine went underwater, Lawrence spotted something in the corner of his eye. He shouted, "Look, look!" The captain tried to see through his googly eyes but couldn't. However, Lawrence's mom and dad saw it and said it was magma. Lawrence was the first to find the magma pouring into the ocean from an open hole in the ocean floor. As it poured into the ocean, it quickly cooled and turned into rocks. Near the rocks were different kinds of fish, like seahorses and dragonfish, watching the rocks form from the magma.

Lawrence also saw a unique creature called a bear frog. It looked like a bear with frog legs and swam underwater next to the magma. It didn't mind the heat and could even touch the magma with its froggy legs without getting burned. Another creature Lawrence saw was a chicken crab, which looked like a lobster with chicken beaks and wings. Chicken crabs loved being near magma and new islands.

Lawrence also saw something similar to fireflies called bird whales. They were tiny, almost as small as fireflies, and made colorful lights like rainbows underwater. They did this near vents where magma came out. Lawrence watched as some of the magma turned into train tracks, and an underwater train started to move along them. The train went higher and higher, forming an island that peeked out of the water. The train tracks went all the way to the top of the island, and the train went up and down the mountain.

As the train went down, a shark tried to catch it. The train had a fish teammate that distracted the shark, allowing the train to escape down the special tracks made of rocks. The bird whales made beautiful colorful lights as the train went back down to where Lawrence was in his yellow submarine.

Lawrence saw something interesting when the submarine surfaced near the island. There were sprinkles coming out of the island, making it look like a cake. Lawrence wondered if the island was made of cake instead of rocks, with the magma acting like an oven inside the earth. He asked the captain with googly eyes if the submarine could turn into a bumblebee and fly them to the island. The captain agreed, but only if Lawrence could guess the secret password. After a few tries, Lawrence guessed the password, and the submarine transformed into a bumblebee.

When they reached the island, they saw sugar pirates with lollipop eye patches, big spoons, and forks. The pirates were digging for sugar treasures in the cake island, causing more sprinkles to come out. Lawrence flew the bumblebee close and took pictures with his parents' phone.

Instead of eating the pirates, Lawrence decided to have the bumblebee take some bites of the cake to save for later. The bumblebee flew them all back to Lawrence's house in Dartmouth, England, where they enjoyed the cake from the Yummy Island formed by the magma at the bottom of the ocean. Lawrence and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.