Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old boy whose name was Lawrence. Lawrence went with his parents near the ocean one day, and when they went to the ocean, they saw that there was a yellow submarine that had stripes on it, and the stripes were green stripes, and it looked a little bit like a bumblebee submarine, and it pulled right up to the side of the ocean. The dock where Lawrence was with his parents. And out of it came a captain of the submarine. And the captain of the submarine was wearing a captain hat, and he was wearing a blue jacket, and he was holding a telephone. And the captain said, Lawrence, do you want to come with your parents and join me in this submarine to go for an adventure and to see what's underwater? And it was Lawrence's birthday, so Lawrence's parents said, okay. And Lawrence's parents went with Lawrence in the yellow bumblebee polka dot submarine with the captain, who is wearing a captain hat. The captain was kind of silly, because instead of regular people eyes, he had goggly googly eyes, but he was still able to see, or so he said. It was hard to tell.

As the submarine was going underwater, Lawrence spotted something under the ocean in the corner of his eye. He said, look, look. And the captain of the ship tried to look through his googly goggly eyes, and he couldn't see. But Lawrence's mom and Lawrence's dad saw, and they said, it's magma. And Lawrence was the first one to find the magma under the ocean and next to the magma that was under the ocean, it was pouring into the ocean from an open hole in the ocean floor. And as it poured into the ocean, it would get cold very quickly and turn into rocks. And near the rocks were different kinds of fish. There were seahorses fish looking at the new formed rock, and the fish were looking at the rock as it was being formed from the magma. And Lauren saw through his yellow polka dot submarine that there were dragonfish. It was called a bear frog. It looked like a bear, but it had frog legs, and it swam underwater right next to the magma. And it didn't mind that it was hot. It was even able to use its froggy legs to touch the magma, and it didn't get burned. And there was another kind of animal that Lawrence saw through his submarine. It was called a chicken crab. And chicken crabs, they're kind of like a little bit like lobsters. Like, they have lobster kind of claws and stuff, but they also look like chickens because they have chicken beaks, and they also have wings. And chicken crabs love to be in places where there's magma and new islands being formed.

There were also another thing that it's kind of similar to fireflies. They're called bird whales. Have you ever heard of bird whales, Bud? No. Well, bird whales, they're very little. It's not as big as a real whale. In fact, they're so small, they're almost like fireflies. But they go under the ocean, and they can make little lights under the ocean, and they make colorful lights like rainbow lights under the ocean. And they do this next to vents where magma comes out. And as Lawrence was looking, the submarine was going around, and he saw that some of the magma was turning into ChuChu train tracks. The rocks were turning into ChuChu train tracks. And suddenly there was an underwater ChuChu train that started to go on the ChuChu train tracks. And the ChuChu train would go higher and higher. And as it would go higher and higher, an island started to be formed and started to peek out of the water. And there were so many rocks from under the water that it turned into a big island. And the ChuChu train tracks went all the way to the top of the island. And the train was able to go from underwater all the way to the island. And when it got to the top of the mountain that was on the island, it went right back down. And when it went down, there was a shark that was trying to get the ChuChu train. And the ChuChu train wanted to get away from the shark. And so the ChuChu train had a teammate, which was a fish. And the fish distracted the shark and told the shark to look in a different way, and the shark looked the other way. And the ChuChu train got away down the special ChuChu train tracks, which were made out of the rocks. And the bird whales were making lots of nice little colorful lights as the ChuChu train went all the way down to where Lawrence was with his yellow submarine.

And Lawrence also saw something very interesting. So what he saw was when the submarine went to the surface to see that there was an island. There were some sprinkles that were coming out of the island, and it looked like sprinkles that were just in, like a cake or something like that. And so Lawrence was very curious if maybe it wasn't a regular island. Maybe this island was like a kind of cake island or something, and it wasn't really rocks that the magma was coming up. Maybe it was like the magma was like a big oven inside of the earth, and it was not regular rocks that were coming up, but cake mix. And it was a big cake island because that's the only way to explain the fact that there were sprinkles on top of the island. So Lawrence asked the captain, who had the goggli eyes, googly eyes, if he could turn his submarine into a regular bumblebee, that it could fly out of the water and go to the top of the island. And do you know what the captain said? What? He said, Only if you know the secret password. But Lawrence didn't know what it was, so he guess what Lawrence thought the password was. What he thought no, it wasn't. Kitty cat. Meow. Meow. Guess again. Kitty cat. Meow. Meow. Wolf. Wolf. No. Guess again. Could you cat meow meow. Water bottle. Tooth. Tooth. You got it. And Lawrence also got the password. He had the same guess on his third try. And just as he guessed the password, he was able to go to the top of the water because his submarine turned into a bumblebee. And it was a big enough bumblebee to fit them all in, but it could fly out of the water onto the island. And when they got to the island, they saw that there were pirates, but it wasn't regular pirates. These were sugar pirates. And the sugar Pirates had patches over their eyes, but the patches were made out of lollipop. And the sugar pirates, they didn't have regular shovels and stuff. They used big spoons and big forks. And the Sugar Pirates were trying to dig in the big island that was made out of a cake, which people used to think was magma. And the pirates were digging and digging for their sugar treasures. And as they were digging, more sprinkles were coming out of the island. And Lawrence flew the bumblebee really close, and he took some pictures using his parents phone.

Did he try to eat the pirate? Well, it wouldn't be nice to eat the pirates, because these aren't really bad pirates. They just really wanted sugar. So what Lawrence decided to do is he told the captain of the bumblebee flying apparatus to go. An apparatus is like a thing to go down and for the bumblebee to take some bites of the cake and save up in its mouth, so that when they landed back at Lawrence's house, Lawrence could eat it. And that's what the bumblebee did. And it flew all the way back to Lawrence's house in Dartmouth, England, and Lawrence got to eat some of the cake from the Yummy Island, which was from the magma in the bottom of the ocean. And Lawrence and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.