Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Ayla and her sister Annie. Ayla and Annie were very lucky because they were about to take an airplane to an island far away. Ayla and Annie's mom told them, "Ayla, Annie, we're not going on a regular airplane this time. We're going on a special one." Ayla and Annie said, "Okay."

Soon enough, they packed up all of their suitcases, and Ayla had a little suitcase for her, and Annie had a little bag. They went to the airport with all of their suitcases and Annie's bag. When they got to the airport, they saw so many airplanes, and Ayla and Annie asked their mom, "Is this our airplane? Is this our airplane?" They would point at different airplanes, and their mom would say, "No." But finally, Ayla saw an airplane that had a princess picture on it, and the airplane had a crown on top, and there were also some balloons. Ayla said, "I bet it's this airplane." Ayla's mom said she's right. And Annie was very happy because most people don't get to go on an airplane that has a princess on it, has a crown, and is so special that it has balloons on top. But Annie and Ayla were the first ones to go on the plane.

When they got on the plane, they saw that the seats were made out of chocolate, and Ayla and Annie asked their mom if they could eat some of the chocolate seat if they got bored, and their mom and dad said yes. Well, soon the airplane took off. And after it took off, it went zooming in the sky to the island on the other side of the world. 

When they got to the island, they saw that it was a big amusement park. As the plane was landing, Ayla and Annie looked through the window of the airplane, and they saw there was a big Ferris wheel on the island. They also saw that there was a Merrygoround, and they also saw that there was a big swing that was as tall as a building. But Ayla looked behind some trees, and she found the most special thing of all, which was a princess castle.

The pilot landed the airplane in the special amusement park island, and Ayla and Annie got off first, and Ayla told the pilot that he could eat up some of the chocolate, and the pilot said, "Okay." Ayla and Annie went off of the airplane, and they said goodbye to the balloons, and they went into the amusement park, which had so many fun rides and lots of fun candy.

Well, as they were going through the amusement park, they saw that there was a princess who walked up to the airplane. The princess asked the pilot where he went. The pilot said he took the balloon airplane to pick up Ayla and Annie from Scotland. The princess came over to Ayla and said, "Ayla, I'm so happy to have you on the Princess amusement park island. Did you just get here?" Ayla said yes. The princess looked the same as the princess that was on the picture on the airplane. So Ayla and Annie asked the princess if it was her balloon airplane, and the princess said yes.

The Princess asked Ayla and Annie if they ever liked to go into princess castles, and Ayla and Annie said yes. Ayla and Annie went with their parents and followed the princess into the huge princess castle. The Princess castle was really very special because the roads that led up to the Princess castle weren't made of asphalt or they didn't have any rocks. The roads were made of pillows and blankets, and they were so soft. The cars that drove around this amusement park island didn't have wheels on them. They had legs, and the cars walked, and they would have four legs just like a dog, but it would be where the wheels are, so it didn't look like an animal. Ayla and Annie went with the princess in a walking car that walked over so many blankets and pillows until they got to the Princess castle.

The door of the princess castle was made of a giant graham cracker, and the doorknob was an M&M. Annie asked if she could eat the M&M, but Ayla told her that they needed it for the doorknob. So the princess opened up the M&M doorknob, and the graham cracker door to her princess castle opened. 

Inside the castle, Ayla and Annie saw unicorns. The unicorns said, "Hi, Ayla and hi, Annie." Annie was wondering, and she asked the unicorn what happens if the crackers that are the walls and the candy canes that you use for the banisters and the gum that you use for the trampoline in this princess castle get old or rotten. The unicorn said they always fix it using unicorn tools. Annie was so happy that she finally found the unicorn's house because there was also a slide under the castle that led to a unicorn cave. The unicorn showed Ayla and Annie where it was.

Well, it was starting to get late, so Ayla and Annie told the unicorn and the princess that they had to go back in their walking car to walk on the pillow and blanket road to get back to where they were because they just landed on the island, and first they needed to go home. Ayla and Annie lived happily ever after. The end.