Welcome to made up stories. This is Philip from London. Hi. My name is Ila. I'm four years old. I've got a little sister called Annie, and I would say I live in Scotland, and I'm about to go into New Zealand. I would like a story about unicorn, me, my little sister, and a princess, a magical palace that goes that leads to the unicorn's home, and then they live happily ever after. Thank you. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a big girl named Ayla, who just turned five years old a month ago. Happy birthday, Ayla. Happy birthday. And Ayla lives in Scotland and is about to move to New Zealand. Buddy, do we know anyone else who's about to move to New Zealand? We are. We are. And Ayla has a sister named Annie, and Ayla asked for us to make up a story that includes a unicorn, a princess, and a magic palace that leads to the unicorn's home. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Ayla and her sister Annie. Ayla and Annie were very lucky because they were about to take an airplane to an island far away. And Ayla and Annie's mom told them, ayla, Annie, we're not going to go on a regular airplane this time. We're going to have to go on a special one. And Ayla. And Annie said, okay. Soon enough, they packed up all of their suitcases, and Ayla had a little suitcase for her, and Annie had a little bag, and they went to the airport with all of their suitcases and with Annie's bag. And then they got to the airport. They saw so many airplanes, and Ayla and Annie asked their mom, is this our airplane? Is this our airplane? And they would point at different airplanes, and their mom would say, no. But finally, Ayla saw an airplane that had a princess picture on it, and the airplane had a crown on top, and there were also some balloons. Ayla said, I bet it's this airplane. And Ayla's mom said she's right. And Annie was very happy, because most people don't get to go on an airplane that has a princess on it and has a crown and also is so special that it has balloons on top. But Annie and Ayla were the first ones to go on the plane. When they got on the plane, they saw that the seats were made out of chocolate, and Ayla and Annie asked their mom if they could eat some of the chocolate seat if they got bored, and their mom and dad said yes. Well, soon the airplane took off. And after it took off, it went zooming in the sky to the island on the other side of the world. When they got to the island, they saw that it was a big amusement park. As the plane was landing, ayla and Annie looked through the window of the airplane, and they saw there was a big Ferris wheel on the island. And they also saw that there was a Merrygoround and they also saw that there was a big swing that was as tall as a building. But Ayla looked behind some trees, and she found the most special thing of all, which was a princess castle. The pilot landed the airplane in the special amusement park island, and Ayla and Annie got off first, and Ayla told the pilot that he could eat up some of the chocolate, and the pilot said, okay. And Ayla and Annie went off of the airplane, and they said goodbye to the balloons, and they went into the amusement park, which had so many fun rides and lots of fun candy. Well, as they were going through the amusement park, they saw that there was a princess who walked up to the airplane. And the princess asked the pilot where he went. And the pilot said he took the balloon airplane to pick up Ayla and Annie from Scotland. And the princess came over to Isla and said, ayla, I'm so happy to have you on the Princess amusement park island. Did you just get here? And Ayla said yes. And the princess looked the same as the princess that was on the picture on the airplane. So Ayla and Annie asked the princess if it was her balloon airplane, and the princess said yes. The Princess asked Ayla and Annie if they ever liked to go into princess castles, and Ayla and Annie said yes. And Ayla and Annie went with their parents and followed the princess into the Ginormous princess castle. The Princess castle was really very special because the roads that led up to the Princess castle weren't made of asphalt or they didn't have any rocks. The roads were made of pillows and blankets, and they were so soft. And the cars that drove around this amusement park island, they didn't have wheels on them. They had, like, legs, and the cars walked, and they would have four legs just like a dog, but it would be where the wheels are, so it didn't look like an animal. But the cars walked, and Ayla and Annie went with the princess in a walking car that walked over so many blankets and pillows until they got to the Princess castle. The door of the princess castle was made of a giant graham cracker, and the doorknob was an eminem. Annie asked if she could eat the eminem, but Ayla told her that they needed it for the doorknob. So the princess opened up the eminem doorknob, and the graham cracker door to her princess castle opened. And the first thing that they saw in the princess too hard to wait, because the next time did a giant come to gobble that up? Ayla and Annie wanted to make sure that no giant that loved candy would come to gobble up the castle. And so Ayla asked the princess, what do you do to make sure that no giant gobbles up this yummy castle. And the princess told ayla and Annie that there were unicorns in the castle and that the unicorns, because the unicorns were in the castle, no giants wanted to eat up because giants love unicorns, and a giant wouldn't want to eat up a unicorn's house. That wouldn't be good. So nobody would ever eat that castle, even though it was yummy candy. And even Annie, Isla's sister, didn't eat the eminem doorknob. She just used it to open the door to the castle. But did she just look what it was to really just be white before? She didn't just gobble it before looking? Yeah. Isla's sister, Annie really took a good look at the eminem doorknob, and instead of gobbling it up, she just left it there. Well, Isla and Annie were in the castle, and once they got inside and they left their walk, a hurricane. And a hurricane also couldn't destroy the castle because another thing that unicorns could do is they could blow, like a really big bubble that goes on top of the whole castle. And if it's raining, the rain spills off the bubble. And if it's windy, the wind just blows into the bubble so nothing could get in the bubble and the castle doesn't get wet and the castle doesn't get broken. But island Annie were inside the castle now, and inside the castle, they said goodbye to their they said goodbye to their walking car, which was parked on the pillow and blanket driveway, and they saw unicorns. Could the castle get too old and break down? And the unicorn said, hi, ayla and hi, Annie. And Annie was wondering, and she asked the unicorn what happens, like, if the crackers that are the walls and the candy canes that you use for the banisters and the gum that you use for the trampoline in this princess castle, let's say they get, like, old or rotten. And the unicorn said they always fix it using unicorn tools. And Annie was so happy that she finally found the unicorn's house because there was also a slide under the castle that led to a unicorn cave. And the unicorn showed Isla and Annie where it was. Well, it was starting to get late, so Isla and Annie told the unicorn and the princess that they had to go back in their walking car to walk on the pillow and blanket road to get back to where they were because they just landed on the island, and first they needed to go home. And so ayla and Annie lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. If your kid's birthday is in January and you want me to make up a story for your kid, then go to Facebook.com makeup stories and follow the instructions in the top post for how to submit a story request. If your kid's birthday is not in January and they still want to participate, in makeup stories. Then you can also follow the instructions on Facebook.com makeup stories and they can record an intro message or a thanks for listening message.