Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. One afternoon, after playing in the playground, their mom, Amanda, took them to an ice cream truck. The ice cream truck played music and was parked by the side of a road. There was a long line of kids waiting for ice cream, and the truck had pictures of all the different kinds of ice cream you could get.

Jonah and Jesse were a little sad that the line was so long, but as they got in line, the people in front of them started to disappear. The line got shorter very quickly. Soon, it was Jonah and Jesse's turn to get some ice cream. Jesse saw a special ice cream called dino ice cream. It had a cone on top and on the bottom. You held the bottom cone and bit the top cone. As you bit the top cone, the ice cream would grow bigger. Jonah wanted one too. The ice cream man said, "That'll be $2, please." Jonah gave him $2.

When Jonah and Jesse got their double cone ice cream, they disappeared too and went inside the ice cream truck. Inside, it was much bigger than it looked from the outside. There was a whole snowy mountain with ski fields where kangaroos were skiing.

Jonah and Jesse wondered if the snow on the mountain was made of ice cream. They stopped skiing, and Jonah tasted the snow. It wasn't ice cream. But as he was digging, an alarm went off. A siren went "woo woo woo," and lights flashed red, white, and blue. Everyone stopped skiing and looked at Jonah and Jesse.

The police came over and asked if they were digging. Jonah said yes and asked what was wrong with that. The police said they had to capture them and put them in jail. Jesse said that wasn't supposed to happen, and their parents weren't there. Jonah said it was important that the kangaroo police didn't take them to a real jail.

The kangaroo police took Jonah and Jesse on a snowmobile, which was like a police car. Jesse sat in front, Jonah in the back, and the kangaroo policeman drove up the mountain to the diggers' jail. Jesse was scared, but when they got there, Jonah saw a big sandbox and said it didn't seem like a bad jail.

In the sandbox, Jesse told Jonah not to dig. But Jonah saw a snowboard buried in the sand and dug it out. It glowed in the dark. Jonah said it could help them escape the sandbox jail. They got on the snowboard, and it floated to the jail door, which opened. The kangaroo policemen were surprised.

Jonah and Jesse floated on the snowboard over the mountain until they reached a big pile of ketchup at the bottom. The ketchup surrounded a tree. A kid said the tree was bleeding ketchup, but Jonah and Jesse knew ketchup didn't come from trees. Jonah saw a pipe leaking ketchup and realized it went to the french fry factory. They could find their way back to the ice cream truck there.

Jonah and Jesse followed the ketchup pipe through an enchanted forest where falling leaves turned into butterflies. They reached the french fry factory, made of potato chips, in a desert. At the entrance, they found a map with pictures of dino ice cream.

Jonah told Jesse to hold hands, touch the magic snowboard, and look at the dino ice cream pictures. Poof! They were back at the ice cream truck with their mom, Amanda. She asked where they went, but they said it was a secret. Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.