Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. It was the afternoon time, and Jonah and Jesse had just finished playing in the playground. Their mom, Amanda, was taking them to an ice cream truck. The ice cream truck had some music playing, and it was parked on the side of a road. There was a long line of kids waiting for ice cream from the ice cream truck. On the side of the ice cream truck, there were pictures of all the different kinds of ice cream that you could get there.

Jonah and Jesse were a little bit sad that the line was so long, but as they got in line, the people in the front of the line started to disappear. The line got shorter very quickly. Soon all the people in front of them disappeared, and it was Jonah and Jesse's turn to get some ice cream. Jesse looked at the pictures of the ice cream, and he saw that on the side of the ice cream truck, there was one kind of ice cream called dino ice cream. The dinosaur ice cream had a cone on top and also on the bottom. You held the cone on the bottom, and you bit the cone on top. As you bit the cone on top, the ice cream would start getting bigger on top. So Jonah said he would like one of those too. The man from the ice cream truck said, "That'll be $2, please." Jonah gave the man $2.

Right when Jonah and Jesse got their double cone ice cream with a cone on top and a cone on the bottom, they both disappeared too, and they went inside the ice cream truck. Inside the ice cream truck was much bigger than it looked like from the outside, because inside the ice cream truck, there was a whole mountain full of snow. The mountain full of snow that was inside of the ice cream truck had different ski fields on it where you could find all kinds of kangaroos skiing on the mountains.

Jonah and Jesse were curious if the snow on the mountain in the ice cream truck was made out of ice cream. They decided to stop skiing. Jonah took off his skis, and he started to dig and lick some of the snow. He saw that it wasn't made out of ice cream. But as he was digging, an alarm started to go off. There was a siren that went "woo woo woo." Suddenly, from the sky, there were some lights that were flashing red, white, and blue. It looked like everyone stopped skiing, like they were glued to the part of the mountain where they were. Everyone started to look at Jonah and Jesse digging.

Suddenly the police came over, and the police said, "Emergency alert. Are you kids digging?" Jonah said, "Yeah, but what's so wrong about that?" The police told Jonah and Jesse that they were going to have to capture them and put them in jail. Jesse said he didn't think that was supposed to happen, and also his parents weren't there. Jonah said that it was very important that the kangaroo police didn't take them to a real jail.

So the kangaroo police got Jonah and Jesse to go on the snowmobile, because the snowmobile was the closest thing they had to a police car. Jesse was in front of the snowmobile, and Jonah was in the back of the snowmobile, and the kangaroo policeman was riding it up the mountain until they got to the very top of the mountain, which is where he said they had the diggers' jail. Jesse was getting a little bit scared, so he said he really didn't want to go to the diggers' jail. But when they got to the diggers' jail, Jonah saw that there was a big sandbox. He said to Jesse, "This doesn't seem like a bad kind of jail."

They started to look in the sandbox. Jesse said, "Jonah, no matter what you do, don't dig in the sandbox." Jonah said, "But look, I can kind of see there's like a snowboard that's buried in the sand a little bit." Jonah decided to dig the snowboard out of the sand. When he got the snowboard out of the sand, he picked it up and saw that it glowed in the dark. Jonah said to Jesse, "This is probably just the thing that they could use to escape the sandbox jail." Jonah and Jesse went on the snowboard, and the glow-in-the-dark snowboard started to float. It floated right to the door of the sandbox jail. The door started to open, and the kangaroo policemen who were in charge were like, "What? How did that happen?"

Jonah and Jesse floated on the special snowboard all the way over the mountain, including the part where they dug, until they got to the base of the mountain, the bottom, where there was a big pile of ketchup. The pile of ketchup at the base of the mountain was surrounding a tree. One of the kids who was looking at the pile of ketchup said that the tree was bleeding and ketchup was coming out of it. But Jonah and Jesse both knew that ketchup didn't come out of trees. That's when Jonah saw that there was a pipe next to the tree, and the pipe was leaking. Jonah realized that the pipe was a special ketchup pipe that went directly to the french fry factory. If they could go to the french fry factory, well, then that was probably a good place to find directions back to the other side of the ice cream truck that they disappeared in.

So Jonah told Jesse to follow the pipe where the ketchup was coming from. They followed the pipe past some trees, through an enchanted forest, where when the leaves fell down, they turned into butterflies until they got to the french fry factory. The french fry factory was made out of potato chips, and it was the driest place in the world because it was in a desert. Right at the entrance to the french fry factory, there was a big map, and the map had pictures of dinosaur ice cream.

Jonah told Jesse that all they had to do to get back to the other side of the ice cream truck was to look at the pictures of the dinosaur ice cream while they held onto their magic snowboard. Jesse and Jonah held hands, touched the magic snowboard, and looked at the pictures of dinosaur ice cream. Poof! They got back to the other side of the ice cream truck where their mom, Amanda, was waiting. Amanda said to Jonah and Jesse, "Where did you guys go?" Jonah and Jesse told their mom that it was a secret. Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.