Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Sebi. Sebi lived in a house in a city, and he had lots of friends who he would play with at the playground. But one day, his mom told him that they couldn't hang out with so many friends because there were some germs. So Sebi started to stay inside and play by himself with Hermione a lot of times.

One day, Sebi told his mom that it was probably a good idea, since it was just their birthday, to go see some fireworks on an elephant ride. And his mom said, well, that sounds like a lot of fun. So Sebi, Hermione, and Sebi's mom and dad went to a special elephant ride place. They parked their car in the parking lot, and they got out. Sebi held his mama's hand, and Hermione's dad helped her, and they walked into the special safari zoo.

Now, in the special safari zoo, there were rides, like pony rides where kids could go on the ponies, and then they would walk around a little bit. They also had sheep rides where you could go on top of a sheep and pet the sheep. And they had special goat rides. But the biggest ride that they had was the elephant ride and giraffe rides. They decided that they wanted to have giraffe rides soon, so they ordered some giraffes that were going to come. But the giraffes were not easy to transport. That means to take from place to place because it was hard to fit them in a truck. So the owner of the safari adventure place had ordered the giraffes, but the giraffes had to go in the back of a ChuChu train all the way to get to the special safari adventure place. But the ChuChu train wasn't so big for the giraffes to fit, so it was taking some time for the giraffes to get to the safari place because they had to walk the whole way. So in the meantime, the biggest ride that they had were elephant rides.

Now, Sebi decided that he would go on one elephant with his mom and Hermione, and the dad would go on the other elephant. And there were ropes that you could hold onto to make sure that you didn't fall while you were riding the elephant. And the elephant wore silly clothing, like, for example, it had a special kind of carpet on its back, and it also had a crown that it wore on top of its elephant head. And the crown had little bells so that whenever the elephant would move, it would go, dingle, dangle, dangle, dingle, dingle, dangle, bell.

Sebi had so much fun going on the elephant ride when suddenly he told his mom that he thinks he sees something in the bushes. And his mom said, what is it? And Sebi said, it looks kind of like a cougar. And his mom said, oh, no, we don't want to be here if there's a cougar here. And Sebi pointed it to Hermione as well. And Hermione looked, but it wasn't clear if she saw it. And the dad said, oh, wow, it's really a dog. And they saw a dog come out of the grass and run right under their elephants' legs.

Well, the elephants thought that was so silly that the elephants decided to dance in the safari adventure place while they were all riding them. And Sebi decided that it was a little bit too scary to be on an elephant while it was dancing. So he told the person in charge of the safari adventure place that they should help him go down. And the person pressed a button on his radio, and when he pressed it, it went beep. And suddenly, out of the doors of a magical house came two robots.

Now, the robots in this safari adventure space were white, and they were black, and they had so many lights that flashed. The robots were also walking robots, but they didn't have people feet. Their feet were metal. So the robots decided to go all the way up to where Sebi was on top of the elephant. And when the robots got there, they decided they would walk on top of each other so they could reach so high and help Sebi get down. And one of the robot climbed on the other robot's and said, I am a robot. I can only climb on robots. And the other robot let the first robot climb on his shoulders. And then Sebi jumped into the taller robot's hands, and the robot said, I am a robot. I will carry you down. And the robot carried Sebi down.

Sebi's mama was still on the elephant, and Hermione and Sebi's dad were on the other elephant still. And so Sebi thanked the robots, and then he went down, and suddenly the doggie that had been chasing that had been running out of the special grass said, woof, woof, woof, woo, woo. And Sebi looked to see what it was, and it was a cheetah. And the cheetah was running so fast. This wasn't a regular speed cheetah. This was a turbo zoom speed fast cheetah that was the king of all the cheetahs, the fastest cheetah of all. Able to jump 100ft in the air and able to go a million miles per hour.

First, Sebi wasn't sure if he really saw that because this cheetah wasn't regular cheetah fast. It was super fast. It went so faster than that? Yeah. Faster than moving your hand really fast. This cheetah went so fast that there was an airplane flying on top of them. And the cheetah went faster than the airplane. Well, Sebi told his mom that there was a cheetah that was so fast, the robots helped his mom down and then helped Hermione and Sebi's dad down also from the elephants. And when they were all on the ground, they saw that the cheetah whooshed back. And the cheetah came right up to them and the cheetah opened his mouth and said, I am a nice, nice cheetah. My name is Chitty. And Chitty the cheetah I am I am the king of all cheetahs, the fastest of the fast, the most agile and nimble. Of the agile and nimble, and I want to be your friend.

And Sebi told the cheetah that he just went on an elephant ride and robots took him off of the elephant. And the cheetah said that he was really the elephant's friend. And Sebi's sister Hermione, also said, Hi, this is a talking cheetah. And Sebi was curious about that. And Sebi asked the cheetah, how did you learn how to talk? And the cheetah told Sebi, I was really born a person, but then I went into a special kind of shower where it had pink dust and it was kind of bubbly, and I turned into a cheetah. And the cheetah asked Sebi if he could help him turn back into a person because he didn't just want to be the king of the cheetahs. Chitty Cheetah wanted to be a regular person also and Sebi's friend.

And so Sebi and Hermione and their mom and daddy went with Chitty Cheetah all the way back to the building that the robots came out. And just as the robots were coming back, they crashed into each other and fell apart. And they said, we are robots. We have crashed into one another. We must now break apart. And they started breaking apart. The cheetah went up to the robots and started collecting their pieces and brought the pieces inside the safari building.

Well, when they got into the safari building, it was kind of dark, so Hermione helped turn on the light. When they turned on the light into the safari building, they saw it was very special. And there was one corner of it that had special pink dust. So they told Chitty Cheetah to go to that corner. They turned on the pink dust and the cheetah turned back into a boy. And the boy said Yay, finally who helped save me? And Sebi and Hermione said that they helped save and the boy said he really wanted to play with some cars and Sebi said that he had some cars at home to share.

And Sebi and the boy that came from a cheetah, and everyone else lived. And Hermione lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of this story.