Hi, I'm Phoebe, and eleven years old in the Bay area in California. I would like for the story to be a magician, a water park, friends, and a garden. AI get it. I know AI. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Olivia. Go to makeupstory.com to join the Makeup Stories club. Good thing. Hi, I'm Phoebe and I'm eleven years old in the Bay area in California. I would like for the story to be a magician, a water park, friends, and a garden. Tonight's makeup story request is from a girl named Phoebe, who's eleven years old and lives in the Bay area in California and wants the story to be about a magician, a water park, a garden and what else was there? Oh, friends. Okay. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Phoebe. And Phoebe was sitting down in class, and she was looking at her teacher, Dr. Doherty. And her teacher had these black glasses, and he was saying something about history. And it was really hard for Phoebe to concentrate because there was a new girl in her school, Elisa, and Elisa was sitting right in front of her, and all Elisa would do was pass Phoebe these blue notes. And Phoebe unfolded one of the blue letters, and when she looked inside, it said, meet me at the lockers right after class. And so Phoebe was waiting for the bell to ring, and she couldn't concentrate. All she could think of were her teachers glasses. Finally, the bell rang and Phoebe and Elisa were the first ones to get out of their class. The hallway to their school was packed. And Phoebe noticed that all of the kids in the school, they all had these blue papers, and it sounded like some of the girls were whispering something. And she asked Elisa if she knew what they might be whispering. And Elisa said that she didn't know. So they got all the way to Phoebe's locker. And when they got to Phoebe's locker, phoebe opened up her locker and she saw that there was like a whole pile of those blue notes in her locker. And they all spilled out of her locker. And all of them said her name. And she turned around and everyone was looking at her. Was this some sort of prank or something? Phoebe felt kind of small, like a bird or something, without wings. And she didn't know what to say. If she were a bird, she felt like she couldn't even tweet. And she looked around and she thought that maybe everyone was ganging up on her or something like that. Finally, Elisa went up to Phoebe, and Elisa said, Come here, Phoebe. And Phoebe felt like she was going to cry. But she followed her friend Elisa until she got to the end of the hallway where none of the other kids were. And she said, Elisa, what's going on? Elisa told Phoebe that there was a secret that she didn't know, but that it wasn't really a bad secret. And Phoebe said, well, what is it? And her friend Elisa told Phoebe that some of the kids in her school were going to go to a water park after school, and that she wasn't sure if she should tell Phoebe because she wasn't sure if Phoebe was going to be able to get a ride or be able to get to the water park. And the reason that Phoebe had so many of those blue notes in her locker was because all of the other kids really wanted Phoebe to go as well. And the more of those blue notes that you had in your locker, the more people wanted you to go to the water park. Phoebe wasn't so sure about all this, and she definitely didn't know she could get a ride because her parents were always so busy and it was hard to get them to take her anywhere. Well, Phoebe's friend Elisa said, I wasn't sure if I should tell you, but I decided since we're friends, it's probably a better idea to tell you. And Phoebe said she had to think about it. Well, school was almost over. And when school finally ended, the first thing Phoebe did when she saw her mom was say, mom, is there any chance that we could go to the water park for a little bit? Because some of my friends are going to be there also. And Phoebe's mom said, well, I've got a lot to do today, but I'll drive you over and we could stay for like an hour. And so Phoebe said, okay. Well, Phoebe's mom drove her over to the water park, and when she finally got to the water park, she saw that none of her friends were there. She felt like she was alone, like a small wave in the ocean, which had giant waves surrounding her. Phoebe didn't know what to do. Was this some giant prank? Was everyone trying to just gang up on her? Well, she looked around a little bit more. She asked her mom if she could take her home. And Phoebe's mom said, why not just wait a little bit? When they walked into the water park, the first thing Phoebe saw was that her friend Elisa was also there. And Elisa said, surprise. It was a surprise party. The surprise party was for Phoebe, and that's what all the secrets were about. All of Phoebe's friends were there. Some of them even dressed up in costumes. One of them gave Phoebe a flower, and she told Phoebe that the flower was just for her and that she could use it to start a garden. She said that sometimes we all feel like seeds that haven't yet sprouted and haven't yet grown. And she told Phoebe that the flower symbolized her friendship and the future of their friendship together. Phoebe said, thank you. She asked what they should do at the wetter park. And Phoebe's friend Elisa told her that the first thing that was going to happen was that there would be a magic show. So Phoebe decided that she would love to see the magic show. Magic was usually just for kids. She knew that magic wasn't real, but some magicians could do really cool tricks, and it was hard to figure them out. And the challenge was, could you try to understand how the trick worked? Like, for example, if a magician pulled a rabbit out of the hat, you knew that the rabbit had to be there the whole time, but how did it look like the hat was empty in the beginning. So Phoebe and her friends decided to watch the magic show. And then the reason it was such a big mystery was because the magician showed them the hat forced. But then we thought maybe there was something there's, like a circle thing that the magician put over the wabbit so it looks like there's nothing in the hat. Yeah. It was really hard to figure out magic tricks sometimes. And the magician was really good at doing magic. The coolest magic trick that the magician did was at the water park. He told everybody, one, two, three, close your eyes. And Phoebe and all of her friends closed their eyes, and then he made the water slide turn into ice. And that one phoebe wasn't sure how he did, because usually it takes some time for water to turn into ice. So Phoebe decided to ask her friend Elisa how that trick might have worked. And Elisa couldn't figure it out either. They decided the only way they could figure out the trick was if they asked the magician after. And so after the show was over, phoebe and her friend Elisa, they asked the magician, how did you turn the water slide into ice? And the magician looked at Elisa, and he looked at Phoebe, and he said, I've got something for you guys in my pocket. And they were like, well, what is that? And the magician pulled out a blue note, and Phoebe and Elisa looked at each other, because how could the magician possibly know about the blue notes that were passed around in school? And he handed the blue note to Elisa, and Elisa opened up the blue note, and it said her name on it. And then the magician reached into his other pocket, and he had another blue note that said Phoebe and Phoebe. And Elisa couldn't figure out how that trick worked either. And so it turned out that Phoebe's friends were actually there to try to help her. And the reason there was such a big secret in school was because of that surprise party. Phoebe had a really good time, and she asked her mom if she could stay a little bit longer this time. Phoebe's mom let and so Phoebe and her friends had a great day, and Phoebe and the rest of her friends, including Elisa, lived happily ever after. The yo you for listening to Madeup Stories. My name is Olia. Go to Madeup stories.com to join the Madeup Club. Tell your friends.