Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old girl whose name was Willa. It was Willa's birthday, and she was very excited because her mom and dad had told her the day before that she was going to get a very special cake for her birthday. Well, when she walked outside into the kitchen, she saw that it was time for her birthday. And there were a lot of toys waiting for her, and there was gift wrapping on them, and it was very, very special. 

Well, the cake came out and Willa saw that the cake was full of candy and it looked very delicious. Her mom said that she's going to light the candles and they were going to sing Happy Birthday to Willa. And when it was time to blow out the candles, something magic would happen. And Willa said, okay. And Willa's mom lit the candles, and the candles were on top of the cake, and they sang Happy Birthday. And Willa blew out the candles. And after she blew out the candles, she saw that the cake really was magical because Willa turned into a grownup. That's right. The magic cake allowed whoever's birthday it was to turn into a grownup, and they could get to be back a kid again later. 

Well, when Willa was a grown up, she decided that she would do a lot of things that were fun. For example, Willa decided that because she was a grown up now, she would just drive a car and Will it the grown up got into Willa's mama's car, which kids shouldn't really do without a parent there with you. But Willa was a grown up. And so Will of the grownup went into her mom's car and she went to the store and she bought some ice cream, and then she came back home and she also got some chocolate. And Willa the grownup was walking around the house and she realized that she wasn't just six years old that day. She was really a real grown up. And it was snowing outside because it was cold. And when she walked outside, she saw a secret that grownups usually don't tell kids. And the secret is that there's a secret kind of butterfly that only comes out when it's snowing outside. And the butterfly is all white and the butterfly is made of snow. This is a secret that grownups have and don't tell kids. But Willow is now a grownup. And so she saw it with her very eyes, a butterfly that was made out of snow. And she thought that this butterfly was so special. So she started to go outside and catch the butterfly that was made out of snow. And Will of the grownup thought that it was a very special butterfly. The butterfly said that it could tell will of the grownup more special secrets. And Willa said okay. 

Well, the butterfly took will of the grownup on an adventure. And will of the grownup started to follow the butterfly through a magic forest. And in the magic forest, will of the grownup saw that there was a teeny weeny spider that wasn't too teeny weeny, but it was still pretty teeny weenie, just not so teeny weenie that you couldn't see it or that it was, like littler than a ladybug. And the teeny weenie spider that wasn't too teeny weenie looked like a kitty cat. It was furry. The spider was soft and it was a cute little spider, and it had kitty cat ears, and it had a kitty cat tail, but it still looks like a spider. It also had two big eyes, and the spider had two little eyes. And the little kitty cat spider was very silly because it was able to talk with its eyes, but it saw with its mouth. And the spider said that because Willa the grownup was going there with the snow butterfly that it could show will of the grownup another secret. And then Will of the grownup went with the teeny weenie spider that isn't too teeny weenie. And the snow butterfly and the teeny weenie spider that isn't too teeny weenie took them to a factory. And in the factory, the spider told grownup willa that this is where clothing are made. And Willa never really knew how factories make clothing. But the teeny weenie spider showed grown up willa that in factories where they make clothing, they use this special kind of thread that comes out of the teeny weenie spiders. And they don't really have regular machines in the factories. Only grown ups know this, that in the factories where they make clothes, they have so many teeny weenie spiders that aren't too teeny weenie and they make threads that you could sew together to make clothing. And they had probably 1000 different spiders in each of the factories making clothing. And they made kids pajamas, and they made shirts and they even made jackets. And there were some of those teeny weeny spiders that made boots and that's how clothing really gets made. 

Well, grown up Willa was very, very surprised to hear this because kids didn't know about that. And she said that she wanted to go back to her house. So the butterfly and little spider walked grown up Willa back to her house. And when she got inside, she saw that it was still her birthday and she was still really six years old. So she said she wanted to turn back into a six-year-old. And the magic butterfly and the teeny weenie spider told Willa that they had to say goodbye. And Willa said goodbye and they went outside nearest snowman, and Willa went inside and she blew out the rest of her candles in her birthday. And she learned that day that whatever you imagine, you can make real. And when she opened so she blew out the candles. So she ate some of her cake, and it was yummy cake for a six-year-old girl. And she saw a present. And the present was mermaid pajamas. And she was happy to get mermaid pajamas for her birthday. And when she wore the mermaid pajamas that night, she looked outside the window and she saw that there was a mermaid that was floating through the air. And Willa also got other toys for her birthday. And she had a very fun day being grown up for a little bit, but she also realized that she wanted to keep being a kid. And so she told her mom, I don't want any more of that magic birthday cake. And Willa's mom said, okay. And Willa and her family lives happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.