Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five and a half year old girl whose name was Bonnie. Bonnie used to love to go to the playground with her mama and play. The playground was really fun because she got to go on the swings. One day, while Bonnie was on the swing, swinging back and forth and going so high, somebody came up to her. The person that came up to her had a special princess dress and a crown. The crown was on the princess's head, and it had several shiny jewels. The person said, "My name is Fala, and I am the princess of the Fallah people. The Fala people live in a secret castle that's not so far from your house, but regular people don't know how to get there." Bonnie said, "Really? Or are you tricking me?" Princess Fala said, "I'm not tricking you. I also have another secret. The secret, Bonnie, is that even though you're wearing regular big girl clothes, you really are a princess. You don't even know that you're a princess because your mom and your dad raised you to be a regular girl, but secretly you are a princess."

Fala said that Bonnie and her mama should go to the Falla castle. Bonnie said, "Okay, how do we get there?" Just as she asked how to get there, the sky got dark very quickly. When the sky got dark, it seemed like a lot of butterflies were flying towards the playground. It wasn't a storm, but it wasn't butterflies either. It was fairies. The fairies were twinkling, just like stars in the sky. The fairies had such twinkly eyes. Regular people have eyes that are brown or blue or green, but people don't have eyes that twinkle. These fairies who were flying in the sky with their butterfly wings had twinkly eyes, and their hair was silver colored. The fairies were wearing special white dresses. The fairies told Bonnie and Princess Foola that they would show them the way to the Foola princess castle. Bonnie and her mama said okay.

It turned out that the way to get there was that all of the fairies would pick up a long carpet, and each fairy would hold one part of the carpet. Bonnie and her mama got on the carpet, which was in the sandbox. The fairies lifted them up through the dark sky with their eyes glittering and their silver dresses shining. They flew above the playground, across the streets that were full of cars, on top of the stores which had so many people inside them, and off to the secret magical forest.

The secret magical forest had a lot of banana trees. The banana trees in this secret magic forest were not regular banana trees because the bananas that grew on them were shaped like watermelons and tasted like bubblegum. The magic forest was also really special because there were so many lemons, and the lemons in the magic forest were so big that they were even as big as a whole person. The fairies flew with Bonnie on the magic carpet and Bonnie's mama until they landed between some trees. The trees were the banana trees, and there were so many of those big lemons that were as big as people right on the ground. The fairies said, "We're here. We have landed in the magical forest. Bonnie, now you are near the Foola castle." But Bonnie didn't see any castle. It did look like a magical forest because the ground in the forest was made out of kinetic sand, and it was magnetic. The water in the forest wasn't regular clear water. The water in this forest was like orange juice because it was yellow and very sweet and sugary. All of the lakes in the forest were orange juice, so it was definitely magical. There were so many fairies in the forest, but there was no princess castle to be found.

Bonnie asked the fairies, "Where is the princess castle?" The fairies told Bonnie, "Bonnie, we told you you were really born a princess, but you're just wearing regular people clothes. The way for you to find the princess castle is to close your eyes and wave your hands and say, 'Foola fulafula falafala fala.'" Bonnie said, "What?" The fairy said, "Say, 'Foola fulafula falafala fala.'" Bonnie closed her eyes, and so did Bonnie's mom. Bonnie and her mom said, "Foola fulafula falafala fala." They waved their hands, and they couldn't believe it because when they opened their eyes, there was a big princess castle. The princess castle had a big moat around it. A moat usually has water that surrounds a castle, but this one was full of orange juice. The boats in the moat were shaped like bananas, and they had banana skin on them. They were like banana boats, and they were so special. There was a bridge to get over the moat, and the bridge to get over the moat was made of gold, and it was so shiny.

Bonnie got to the castle, and before she even knocked on the door, it opened by itself. A voice said to Bonnie, "Bonnie, welcome to your princess castle. Once you walk in this door, your clothing will change from regular person clothing to princess clothing." She and her mom walked through the door. When they walked through the door, suddenly Bonnie felt something on her head, and it was a princess crown. She felt something on her arm, and it was a princess bracelet. She felt something on her neck, and it was the shiniest magical necklace. Her mom also turned into a grown-up princess, which is called a queen.

Bonnie saw that there was a big cup of lemon juice. The lemon juice was a kind of lemon drink that they got from those special lemons which were as big as people. Bonnie asked the fairies if she could try some of that, and the fairies said okay. Bonnie started to drink some of the lemon juice that the fairies had made. Bonnie started to get bigger, and Bonnie became a teenager. She drank more, and she became a grown-up. Bonnie was allowed to do whatever she wanted. Her mom told Bonnie that Bonnie could switch between being a grown-up, a teenager, and a big girl whenever she wanted, and all she had to do was drink the magic lemon drink.

Bonnie had so much fun, but she was getting tired, so she told the fairies that she was going to sleep at her house that night and come back to play in the castle a different day. The fairies said okay. Bonnie took the magic carpet to go back to the playground. Her mom took her home, and Bonnie lived happily ever after. The end.