Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime. Wampies. Hello. My name is Bonnie. I'm five and a half. I want a story with a lemon magic juice with a fairy tale with fairies. A princess princess castle. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a five and a half year old listener named Bonnie who lives in Sweden. And Bonnie asked for us to make up a story that includes a magical lemon drink. Fairies, and a princess castle. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five and a half year old girl whose name was Bonnie. Bonnie used to love to go to the playground with her mama and to play. The playground was really fun because she got to go on the swings. Well, one day, while Bonnie was on the swing, swinging back and forth and going so high, somebody came up to her. And the person that came up to her had a special princess dress and a crown. The crown was on the princess's head, and it had several shiny jewels. And the person said, my name is Fala, and I am the princess of the Fallah people. And the Fala people live in a secret castle that's not so far from your house, but regular people don't know how to get there. And Bonnie said, really? Or are you tricking me? And Princess Fella said, and I'm not tricking you. And I also have another secret. And the secret, Bonnie, is that even though you're wearing regular big girl clothes, you really are a princess. And you don't even know that you're a princess because your mom and your dad raised you to be a regular girl, but secretly you are a princess. And Fulla said that Bonnie and her mama should go to the Falla castle. And Bonnie said, okay, how do we get there? And just as she asked how to get there, the sky got dark very quickly. And when the sky got dark, it seemed like a lot of butterflies were flying towards the playground. Well, it wasn't a storm, but it wasn't butterflies either. It was fairies. And the fairies the fairies were twinkling, just like stars in the sky. And the fairies had such twinkly eyes. Regular people have eyes that are brown or blue or green, but people don't have eyes that twinkle. Well, these fairies who were flying in the sky with their butterfly wings had twinkly eyes, and their hair was silver colored, and the fairies were wearing special white dresses. And the fairies told Bonnie and Princess Foola that they would show them the way to the Foola princess castle. And Bonnie and her mama said okay. Well, it turned out that the way to get there was that all of the fairies would pick up a long carpet and the carpet that they would hold, all of the fairies would hold one part of the carpet, and they would hold it all around. And then Bonnie and her mama got to go on the carpet. The carpet was in the sandbox. So Bonnie and her mom went in the sandbox, and they went in the carpet. And the fairies lifted them up through the dark sky with their eyes glittering and with their silver dresses shining, and they flew above the playground, across the streets that were full of cars on top of the stores, which had so many people inside them. Off to the secret magical forest. The secret magical forest had a lot of banana trees. The banana trees in this secret magic forest were not regular banana trees because the bananas that grew on them were shaped like watermelons, and they tasted like bubblegum. And the magic forest was also really special because there were so many lemons, and the lemons in the magic forest were so, so big that they were even as big as a whole person. Well, the fairies flew with Bonnie on the magic carpet and Bonnie's mama, until they landed between some trees. The trees were the banana trees, and there were so many of those big lemons that were as big as people right on the ground. And the fairy said, we're here. We're here. We have landed in the magical forest. Bonnie, now you are near the foola castle. But Bonnie didn't see any castle. It did look like a magical forest because the ground on the forest was made out of, like, kinetic sand, and it was, like, magnetic. And the water in the forest wasn't regular clear water. The water in this forest was like the kind of water it was like orange juice, really, because it was, like, yellow, and it was very sweet and sugary. And all of the lakes in the forest were orange juice, so it was definitely magical. And there were so many fairies in the forest, but there was no princess castle to be found. So Bonnie asked the fairies, where is the princess castle? And the fairies told Bonnie, bonnie, we told you you were really born a princess, but you're just wearing regular people clothes. The way for you to find the princess castle is to close your eyes and wave your hands and to say, foola fulafula falafala fala. And Bonnie said what? And the fairy said, say, foola fulafula falafala fala. Well, Bonnie closed her eyes, and so did Bonnie's mom. And Bonnie and her mom said, foola, foola, foolah falafala fala. And they waved their hands, and they couldn't believe it because when they opened their eyes, there was a big princess castle. The princess castle had a big moat around it. A moat usually has, like, water that surrounds a castle, but this one was full of orange juice. And the boats that were in the moat the moat is like they had a lot of orange juice. The boats in this castle were shaped like bananas. They were like banana boats, and they had banana skin on them, and they were so special and there was a bridge to get over the moat, and the bridge to get over the moat was made of gold, and it was so shiny. Well, Bonnie got to the castle, and before she even knocked on the door do you know what happened? Do you know what happened, bud? It opened. It opened by itself. And a voice said to Bonnie, bonnie, welcome to your princess castle. Once you walk in this door, your clothing will change from regular person clothing to princess clothing. And she and her mom walked through the door. And when they walked through the door, suddenly Bonnie felt something on her head, and it was a princess crown, and she felt something on her arm, and it was a princess bracelet, and she felt something on her neck, and it was the shiniest magical necklace. And her mom also turned into a grown up princess, which is called a queen. And Bonnie saw that there was a big, big cup of lemon juice. And the lemon juice was a kind of lemon drink that they got from those special lemons which were as big as people. And Bonnie asked the fairies if she could try some of that, and the fairies said, okay. And Bonnie started to drink some of the fairy the lemon juice that the fairies had made. And Bonnie started to get bigger, and Bonnie became a teenager, and then she drank more, and she became a grown up. And Bonnie was allowed to do whatever she wanted. And her mom told Bonnie that Bonnie could switch between being a grown up, a teenager, and a big girl whenever she wanted, and all she had to do was drink the magic lemon drink. Bonnie had so much fun, but she was getting tired, so she told the fairies that she was going to sleep at her house that night and come back to play in the castle a different day. And the fairy said, okay. And Bonnie took the magic carpet to go back to the playground. And then her mom took her home, and Bonnie lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.