Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They went to sleep with a new dinosaur blanket that their dad had tucked them into. As they slept, they started having dreams, and when they woke up, they both had become dinosaurs.

Because they were so big and strong, they broke their bed and had to knock down the door to get out of their room. They went through the hallway to their parents' room, and Jesse tried to call for his dad, but all he could do was roar. His dad, Steve, woke up and saw a dinosaur in front of him. Scared, he ran out of the bedroom, thinking he needed to save Jonah and Jesse, who he thought were still sleeping in their room.

Steve went around the house and climbed into Jonah and Jesse's bedroom window, only to find the bunk bed broken and the door knocked down. He called for his wife, Amanda, telling her there were dinosaurs in the house and their children were missing. Jesse tried to reassure his mom, but all he could do was roar.

Amanda had an idea that the new dinosaur blanket might have caused the transformation. Steve picked up the blanket and turned into a dinosaur himself. Amanda, now realizing that the dinosaurs were actually her family members, decided not to touch the blanket.

Jonah and Jesse, now small dinosaurs, found crayons and markers, which they thought were food. They ate the crayons and drew shapes on each other with the markers. They discovered that the shapes they drew became real, so they used the markers to draw people on each other, turning them back into humans. They did the same for Steve.

However, they still had some dinosaur instincts left in them, like wanting to eat crayons and animals. They needed to get rid of the last part of their dinosaur brains. Jonah suggested writing "go away, dinosaur brain" on the magical blanket and wrapping it around each of them. This worked, and they returned to being regular people.

Now knowing the power of the magical blanket, they used it for various fun activities, like turning their house into a zoo, growing grapevines with honey-filled grapes, and creating a cotton candy factory. They also used the blanket to clean up messes quickly.

Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after, enjoying the magic of their special blanket. The end.