Aya Idai. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is White. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the club. Makeup stories. Club rolly. Polly. AI. Okay, Jesse, what do you want the story to be about? A wall that can make whole entire house appear. When you say, like a house appear, like you have an idea that this is a house, but it's really not a house. It's just a wall that can tornado. Okay. A wall that can make a house appear. And Jonah, is there anything that you want in the story? No spells now. Say that again. No weirdo. No spells now. Okay. All right. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse went to sleep, and they had kind of like a dinosaur blanket that they were tucked in. It was a new dinosaur blanket. And their dad tucked them into bed, and they went to sleep, and they started having dreams. And when they woke up, they both became dinosaurs. And when they tried to get out of bed that morning, they were so big and so strong that they just broke the bed. And then when they wanted to open the doorknob, they didn't have, like, fingers on their hands, since they were dinosaurs, so they had to knock down the door. And Jesse and Jonah went through the hallway to their parents room, and Jesse said, dad. But instead of saying dad, since he couldn't speak any English, he just roared. And his dad woke up, and he saw that there was a dinosaur in front of him. And his dad said, oh, no. And he ran out of the bedroom, and he tried to go around the house because he thought that Jonah and Jesse were still sleeping in their bedroom, and he needed to climb through the window to save them. But really, Jonah and Jesse were the dinosaurs. So Steve ran around the house to climb in the window of Jonah and Jesse's bedroom to check if they were still in their bunk bed and to help them escape. But when he got to their room, he saw that the bunk bed was broken and the door to their room was also broken down. And so he said, Amanda, emergency. There's some dinosaurs in the house, and our children are missing. And then Jesse tried to say, no, mom, it's okay. But all he could do was roar. And Amanda woke up. And, Amanda, they had an idea to put the blanket on them and then turn into a pool. Yeah. And then Amanda said, well, maybe the reason that Jesse and Jonah are missing is that it has something to do with that new dinosaur blanket that we got them. And so Steve said, I don't think so. And they looked at the dinosaur blanket, was really trying to say that the dinosaur blanket torn them into a dinosaur. Yeah. And Amanda was really trying to say that the dinosaur blanket turned them into a dinosaur. So Steve picked up the dinosaur blanket, and when he picked it up, Steve turned into a dinosaur. And because Amanda saw that, she was like, I better not touch that, because Amanda didn't want to turn into a dinosaur also. So now Amanda knew that really, the dinosaurs used to be people. And one dinosaur was Steve, and another one was Jonah, and another one was Jesse. They were actually pretty small dinosaurs because Jesse was the smallest one. Yeah. And the dinosaurs weren't like as big as Trexes. They were like, kind of the size where they could fit in a house, but not through a door. So they had to break the walls and stuff a little bit. And Amanda decided to go for a ride on Steve dinosaur. And Steve dinosaur, when he went to the living room, he saw that Jonah and Jesse were there also. And Jonah and Jesse, well, they saw there were so many crayons, and crayons spell really yummy to dinosaurs. And so Jonah and Jesse dinosaur ate all of the crayons. And they ate so many red crayons that do you know what happened? They pooped red. And then Jesse dinosaur said that because crayons, those kinds of dinosaurs, they thought that crayons were food. And Jesse also smelled some markers, and he decided to draw all over Jonah. And he noticed that when he drew shapes on Jonah, those shapes kind of became a little bit real. Like, he drew a car on Jonah's dinosaur body, and then there was a Lego car that appeared. So that's when Jonah had an idea, and he said they should use the markers to draw people. So Jonah drew a person on Jesse dinosaur, and that helped turn Jesse back into a person. And then Jesse drew a person on Jonah, and that turned Jonah back into a person. And then they also drew in on Steve. And then all of them were back to people. But the problem was, after they were back to people, they still thought that crayons were yummy food and regular people food, like bread or cake or cookies or pretzels or anything yummy. They didn't even think those things were yummy any more. And when they went outside and they saw like dogs and kitty cats and stuff like that, they wanted to eat them up, because even though they had people bodies, they still had like a little bit of dinosaur brains still left inside them. And so Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda, they had to figure out what to do to get rid of the last part of their dinosaur brains so that they didn't want to just kitty cats are nice and stuff. You wouldn't want to eat them. And crayons are not even food. And markers. Yeah, they're to draw. And markers are also to draw, not to eat. And so Jonah had an idea, and he said, well, because that dinosaur blanket was kind of magical. Maybe we should write on the blanket. And this is not something that kids should try at home with regular blankets. But he used his letters to write, go away, dinosaur brain on the blanket. And then he wrapped the blanket around him, and that made the rest of the dinosaur brain go away. And then he wrapped it around Jesse. And then Jesse didn't want to eat any kitty cats anymore or any crayons. And then Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda were just regular people. You said Amanda? Yeah, amanda also was just regular. And the thing was, now they knew that they had this magic blanket. And so with the magic blanket, they decided they would do some really cool things. Like they put the blanket on top of the house, and they turned the whole house into, like, a really big zoo house that was big enough for giraffes, and the rooms were so tall. And then Jesse had an idea of building just one wall of a house and putting the blanket on top of that one wall and drawing a picture of a house. And then when he did that, it made a whole house build itself because of the blanket. And Jonah and Jesse were able to do so many cool things with the blanket. One thing they did is they took, like, some grapes and they put it under the blanket. And all of a sudden, a whole grapevine grew. And the grapes were yummier than regular because these kinds of grapes had honey inside them. And Jesse also decided to invent a lollipop tree. So he drew a lollipop, and then he put it under the blanket, and then the lollipop tree grew, and he also decided to make, like, a cotton candy factory. And so he drew a picture of cotton candy and put it under the blanket. And then there was a cotton candy factory that it started to make all by itself. And so Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda ended up having a lot of fun uses with that blanket. And whenever Steve and Amanda asked them to clean up the mess, they just put a picture of cleaning up a mess under the blanket. And then so fast, all that was cleaned up. And they thought, how did they do that so fast? Yeah, so the blanket cleaned up messes by itself also. And Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name's Avia. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the club. Tell your friends. Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup Stories, and I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird. AI. Lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story go to www dot Storybird AI again, if you want a story then ask your parent to please go to www dot Storybird AI it's really easy to use.