Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Ari. One morning, Ari woke up and hurried into his mom and dad's room. He said, "Mom, dad, I'm so hungry. Can you please give me some cereal for breakfast?" Ari's mom yawned and said, "Ari, it's not 7:00 yet. It's not time for breakfast." Ari insisted, "It is, it is!" His mom asked, "How do you know?" Ari replied, "Because today is dinosaur cereal day."

Ari's dad remembered that he did promise Ari that he could have dinosaur cereal one day. Dinosaur cereal is a bit like Lucky Charms, full of yummy things inside. It has dinosaur-shaped pieces and little marshmallows too. There are even little ninjas inside the cereal, like a pink dragon ninja, pterodactyls, and T-Rexes. The hardest thing to find, which almost no kid has ever found, is a dinosaur egg.

On the back of the dinosaur cereal box, there was a picture of a pink dinosaur egg. It said that any kid who finds the pink dinosaur egg will get a special surprise. Ari convinced his parents to have breakfast right away, even though it wasn't 7:00 in the morning. His mom agreed, so they went to the kitchen. Ari's mom brought out the big box of special dinosaur cereal and got a bowl for Ari. She poured the cereal into the bowl, and it looked so yummy and smelled even better than candy. Then she poured some milk in it. Ari grabbed a spoon, and his mom said, "Hold on, Ari. Let me mix it up first." She stirred the cereal, and then Ari was ready to eat.

Ari scooped up a spoonful of cereal with a Pink Dragon Ninja on it. As he brought the spoon close to his mouth, he thought he saw the Pink Dragon Ninja move a little. It wasn't just regular food; it seemed to be alive! But Ari thought maybe he just imagined it, so he ate it up.

After eating, Ari felt something in his belly. He told his dad, "I think I have a tummy ache." His dad put his hand on Ari's belly and asked, "Did you eat anything?" Ari said, "No, only some dinosaur cereal." His dad said, "I feel something in your belly." Ari asked, "What is it?" His dad told him that the Pink Dragon Ninja went into Ari's belly and was going to give him magical powers.

Ari asked, "What magical powers will the Pink Dragon Ninja give me?" His dad said that the cereal box mentioned it would give him cheetah speed. Ari looked down at his shoes and saw that they were regular shoes, but when he tried to move his foot, it went super fast.

Ari went outside and challenged his dad to a race. They counted, "One, two, three, go!" and raced. Ari won by a lot! He then raced his mom and beat her too. Ari even raced big kids and won.

Ari decided to race dogs because they could run fast. He held dog treats, and the puppies tried to catch up to him. But Ari ran so fast, not even the puppies could catch up with his cheetah speed. He ran all the way up the mountains and back down before his parents even knew he left.

Ari was so fast that he could go to a different city before anyone could snap their fingers. People came to see the fastest kid in the world. The fastest grown-up, Usain Bolt, came to visit Ari. Ari challenged him to a race, and Usain Bolt agreed. They raced, and Ari used his cheetah speed to win.

After the race, a big crowd cheered for Ari, the fastest person in the world. Ari told everyone he would become a superhero when he grew up. He would use his super speed powers to do fun and good things, like racing to a candy factory and getting candy for kids.

But Ari's parents said it was getting late, so he needed to go home for bedtime. Ari went back to his house, and he and his family lived happily ever after. The end.