You. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is makeup Stories is the best podcast ed, so tell your friends. My name is Larry. I risen the mountains, and I'm four years old. And I would like to hear about a pink dragon ninja, a brutal ninja tita, and a superhero. Thank you. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a boy named Ari who lives in Uka, California, and who turns five years old tomorrow on April 28. And so we want to say happy birthday, Ari. Happy birthday. And Ari asked for us to make up a story that includes a pink dragon ninja, a blue pterodactyl ninja, a cheetah, and a superhero. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Ari. One morning, Ari woke up and he rushed into his mom and dad's room. And Ari said, mom, dad, I'm so hungry. I need you guys to give me some cereal for breakfast. And Ari's mom yawned. And she said, Ari, it's not 07:00 yet. It's not time for breakfast. And Ari said it is. It is. And Ari's mom said, how do you know? And Ari said, Because today is dinosaur cereal day. And Ari's dad remembered that he did say that one day ari was going to get to have dinosaur cereal. Dinosaur cereal is a little bit like Lucky Charms. It's full of yummy things inside. What's your question, bud? Is it like these things like Lucky Charms, but shapes like dinosaurs? Yeah, the cereal is dinosaur cereal is kind of like Lucky Charms, but shaped like dinosaurs. And there's some little pieces of marshmallow in it also for kids to try. And there's little ninjas inside of dragon cereal. There's like a pink dragon ninja, there's some pterodactyl, dinosaurs, some Trexes. And the hardest thing to find that almost no kid has ever found in their dinosaur cereal is a dinosaur egg. But on the back of the box of dinosaur cereal, it showed a picture of a pink dinosaur egg. And it said, any kid who finds the pink dinosaur egg will get a special surprise. And Ari told his parents that they should go have the breakfast right away, even though it wasn't 07:00 in the morning. And his mom said okay. So they went to the kitchen, and Ari's mom brought out the big box of special dinosaur cereal, and she got a bowl for Ari. And first she poured the dinosaur cereal into it, and it looked so yummy, and it smelled so good, even better than candy. And Ari's mom poured some milk in it. And then Ari got a spoon. And Ari's mom said hold on, Ari. Before we eat it, let me mix it up. And she put the spoon in the dinosaur cereal and started to mix it up. And then Ari said, Are you ready yet? And Ari's mom said that she was. So Ari picked up the spoon and he put it inside the dinosaur cereal. And first he got a Pink Dragon Ninja to go in his spoon. As he was bringing the spoon close to his mouth, he thought he could see that the Pink Dragon Ninja dinosaur was moving a little bit. It wasn't just regular food. It was the kind of food that could move a little bit. But Ari thought, well, maybe that didn't really happen. Maybe I just imagined it. And then he ate it up. After he ate it up, ari started to feel something in his belly. And Ari said, dad, I think I have a tummy ache. And Ari's dad came. And Ari's dad put his hand on Ari's belly. And Ari's dad said, Ari, did you eat anything? And Ari said, no, only some dinosaur cereal. And Ari's dad said, I feel something in your belly. Ari said, what is it? And Ari's dad told Ari that the Pink Dragon Ninja went into Ari's belly and it was going to give Ari some magical powers. Ari said, what magical powers will the Pink Dragon Ninja give me? And Ari's dad said was the pink dragon ninja in the dinosaur cereal box. And Ari said that it was. Well, Ari's dad said that if you read the back of the cereal box, it said, that gives you cheetah speed. And Ari tried to look down at his shoes, and he saw that he was wearing regular shoes, but if he tried to move his foot, it went so fast. So Ari went outside and he told his dad that they were going to have a race. And Ari said, one, two, three, go. And he and his dad raced. And guess who won the race. I he did. He won his dad by so much, his dad was only able to go, like, three inches when Ari went all the way to the finish line by himself. And then Ari raced his mom and Re beat his mom in a race. And then Ari raced big kids and he beat big kids in a race. Yeah, bud, I think he should race the fastest person in the world. Well, Ari decided it was time for him to race dogs because dogs could run so fast. So there were some little puppies, and Re held some dog food, like some dog treats, and the little puppies tried to catch up to Ari as fast as they could to get the dog treats. But guess what? Ari ran so fast, not even the puppies could catch up because he was using his cheetah speed. And Ari ran all the way up the mountains in UK, California, and he got down before his parents even knew that he left. Ari was so fast that he could go all the way to a different city with his parents watching and under adult supervision before anybody could snap their fingers that fast. So people started to come over to UK, California, because they all wanted to see, who is this fastest kid in the world. And one of the people that came over was the fastest grown up. He was a man by the name of usain bolt, and he was big, and he was tall, and he had a lot of muscles, and he practiced running every day for his whole life. And usain bolt came to visit Ari. And when he got to Ari's house, ari looked up at usain bolt, and he looked so fast because this was the fastest grown up. And then Ari told usain bolt, do you want to have a race? And usain bolt said, yes. And then Ari said, then do your best. And usain bolt said, okay. And they got ready, and they got set, and then they went, and usain bolt pulled in the lead. But then Ari did his cheetah speed trick, and he won the race. And at the end of the race, there was a big crowd of people who started clapping their hands and saying, hip hip parade for Ari because Ari became the fastest person in the world, and he was still just a kid. Yeah, bud. I bet when he was gone, he would be even faster. Yes. And so Ari told everyone because there were so many people that wanted to ask him what he was going to do. Ari told everyone that he was going to turn into a superhero when he got big because he was only going to get faster and faster, and he could get a costume, and he could use his super speed powers to do all sorts of fun and good things. Like, for example, Ari could race all the way to a candy factory and get enough candy to fill up a whole truck full of candy before a kid even says, can I have a lollipop? And so Ari decided he was going to use his powers to race around the world to get kids candy. Yeah, bud. Could he race around the world in less than nine minutes? Well, as a kid, ari wasn't able to race around the whole world in less than nine minutes, and he's still not able to today. But if he keeps practicing and he keeps trying to find more dinosaur cereal, because imagine if he had two of those pieces of dinosaur cereal. Or imagine if he really found the egg. Then maybe he could. But Ari's parents told him that it was getting late, so he needed to go home for bedtime. So Ari went back to his house in uka, California, and he and his family lived happily ever after. The end. I'm Leo And, and thanks for listening to makeup stops.