Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Ezra. Ezra loved to play in the bath, and he had lots of bath toys, including boats. When Ezra played in the bath, he would make his boat go underwater sometimes, and the boat would pick up water and spill it out. Sometimes he even liked to pour the water on top of his head. But he made sure that none of it got in his eyes. And if it did get in his eyes, he would get a dry towel to dry it off.

One day, Ezra was walking on the beach with his family. There was so much sand, and lots of people were having fun and throwing balls. Ezra saw a boat in the distance that looked just like his toy boat from his bath. The boat looked like a real ship, but it was also made of plastic. And the boat was going towards Delray Beach, Florida. It was headed straight to Ezra and his family.

The boat was moving so fast, it looked like some kites were attached to the boat, and the kites were helping to pull the boat because the wind was pushing the kites. The boat went almost as fast as a race car, and it sped through the water until it got to the beach where Ezra and his family were staying. Out of the boat, there came a captain, and the captain was named MacDougall.

Captain MacDougall told Ezra that he knew that Ezra had a toy boat that looked just like his real boat. And he told Ezra that he and his family could go on this real boat and that it was really safe and they didn't have to worry. Ezra asked his parents if it was really safe, and his parents asked Captain MacDougall if Captain MacDougall knew the secret password. And Captain MacDougall said "55 ten." And Ezra knew that that was the secret password.

So Ezra and his family got on the big plastic boat, and the kites were attached, and the wind started blowing the plastic boat, which was big, all the way into the ocean. Soon they were going so fast, they were in the middle of the ocean, and when they got to the middle of the ocean, they saw that there was an island. It was an island that nobody had been to before. It was a lost island. And all around the island, it looked like there were kind of like it got cut off from something.

And on the island, there were some big statues. And all of the statues on the island looked like Ezra. It was so surprising because how would the statues of Ezra get to be on this island? So Ezra asked Captain MacDougall if he knew about how those statues got there. And Captain MacDougall said that he had a special device. And the special device was kind of like a copy machine, but it looked bigger. And the way it worked is it could take a picture of all of kids' toys and make a real version of it.

And Captain MacDougall told Ezra that he once visited a toy store, and he saw that toy boat and he made a big copy of it and started to sail. And a long time ago, he found this island that had the mysterious statues of Ezra. And that's why he came on the kite boat all the way to Delray Beach to tell Ezra and his family to come look.

When Ezra and his family were looking at the statues of Ezra, Ezra had an idea. He said, "Why don't we touch the statues to see if anything happens?" So Ezra walked up to the statue. As he got closer, the statues started to glow a little bit. It looked like there were eyes in the statue. And some of the statues started to move their hands a little bit and wiggle their toes.

And Ezra asked his parents and Captain MacDougall if it was safe to touch the statues. And Captain MacDougall said, "Okay, well, these were big golden statues." And when Ezra touched the first statue of a pretend Ezra made out of gold, the statue started to shrink. It got so small that the statue went all the way in Ezra's pocket. And Ezra picked up the statues and he put them in his pocket.

Ezra asked his mom and dad and also Captain MacDougall if it was okay for him to keep those little statues because after all, they looked just like him. And Captain MacDougall and Ezra's parents said that it was okay because after all, nobody owned the island. It was a lost island from so long ago, and only Captain MacDougall knew how to get there.

And so Ezra had all of the little golden statues in his pocket, and he started to walk away. As Ezra and his family started to go back on the boat, they saw that new statues started coming up. There were golden statues, and they were coming out of the sand. One was a big statue of Captain MacDougall. One was a statue of Ezra's dad, and another was a statue of Ezra's mom.

And that's when Ezra figured out the clue. The statues on this island were copies of whoever went on the island. And so Ezra told Captain MacDougall that he figured out how the statues work. Whenever you go on this lost island, it makes a golden statue of you. And if you touch the golden statue, it becomes so small.

So Ezra and his family walked off the boat. They got back onto the island, and Ezra's parents touched their statues. Their statues became small, and they put them in their pockets. And then Ezra asked Captain MacDougall, "Well, why doesn't it have your statue?" And Captain MacDougall said that it was a big mystery.

And Ezra told his parents that if they kept the golden statues, they could sell them for a lot of money when they got back home. And if they ever wanted more golden statues, all they would have to do was to go back to the island.

And so Ezra told Captain MacDougall that they were ready to sail off back to Delray Beach, Florida. And Captain MacDougall got the kite ready for the boat to go. And just as they were about to head off, there were some monkeys, and the monkeys jumped out of the water that was next to the boat. Usually, monkeys don't stay in water. They like to stay in trees.

And the monkeys jumped on the boat, and they tried to reach into Ezra's pockets to get the golden statues. And one of the little monkeys got two of the statues out of Ezra's pocket, and the monkey tried to run away, but then the monkey dropped the golden statues into the ocean. And when the golden little statues of Ezra fell into the ocean, the whole ocean turned into gold water.

And Ezra told his parents that this was even better because all they had to do was scoop up some of the gold water, and then they could bring it on the boat and bring it back to Florida. And then they would be so rich. And Ezra's parents said that was a good idea. And they used their shoes to scoop some of the gold out of the ocean, and they put it in the boat, on the bottom of the plastic boat, and they started to sail back.

Well, the wind was big that day and strong, and the wind carried the plastic boat with the gold on the bottom all the way back to Delray Beach, Florida, in just 2 hours. When they got back to Delray Beach, Florida, Ezra didn't tell anybody about his secret adventure. And on the beach, there were still people playing with balls, playing catch, making sand castles, digging, and having a lot of fun and playing games.

And Ezra told Captain MacDougall that they were going to take the gold out of the plastic boat and they were going to bring it back to his house and that Ezra would whistle if he ever wanted Captain MacDougall to come back again so that they could make another trip to the lost island with the gold around it and get more gold. And Captain MacDougall said, "Aye, sir," and he sailed off.

And Ezra and his family kept their gold, and they lived happily ever after. The end.