Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Shauna. Shauna lived in a regular house in Richmond, Texas. One day, as Shauna was living in her house, there was a monkey that knocked on the door, and the monkey said, "Knock, knock, knock." Shauna got her parents and said, "Mom, Dad, can you let the monkey inside? Because it looks like it needs to come in?" Shauna's dad let the monkey come inside, and the monkey said he was on important business, and he just took a monkey airplane all the way from the jungle. The monkey said that he had special news for Shauna. The news, the monkey said, was, "Shauna, you have a monkey mama and a monkey dadda that also live in the jungle, and every kid in the whole world has a real dad and a real mom, but they also have pretend ones that live in the jungle and that are monkeys." Shauna asked the monkey if she could go visit her pretend monkey parents, and Shauna's parents said, "Can we come? Can we come?" Shauna said, "Okay."

So Shauna and her parents went with the monkey that knocked on the door all the way to the monkey's bumblebee car. The monkey had parked his bumblebee car in Shauna's driveway. The bumblebee car had yellow and black stripes. It also had bumblebee wings, and it was able to fly even though it was a car. The bumblebee car was what the monkey loved to drive. The reason the monkey loved to drive the bumblebee car is because the wheels were made of pizza. Every time the bumblebee car would drive, the pizza wheels would turn round and round, and everyone would be able to see the cheese and the sauce and the yummy pizza bread on the wheels. Most cars, when they go, especially if they're going fast, they like to go. But the bumblebee car went.

Shauna asked the monkey if anyone ever would come up to the car and try to eat it because it was so yummy. The monkey said, "No. If anyone ever came next to the car and tried to eat it, there was a special button. Whenever you honk the horn, it squirted out ketchup. And so if anyone was ever going to try to eat the Bumblebee Car, they would just get squirted with ketchup." The monkey also showed Shauna that the Bumblebee Car had really special windshield wipers because the windshield wipers were made of cotton candy. Every time you turned on the windshield wipers, instead of the windshield getting cleaner and cleaner, there would be more and more cotton candy, and the Bumblebee Car would have to go through the roads with cotton candy on its windshield wipers. If someone tried to eat the cotton candy, they would get caught in the special sugar trap, because the Bumblebee Car also had a pipe in the back. When you turned the wheel two times and then pulled it once, it sprayed out too much sugar. So nobody could eat the bumblebee car.

The monkey that was driving the Bumblebee Car told Shauna that they needed to go through the ocean to get to the jungle to find her pretend monkey parents. Shauna said, "Okay." The Bumblebee Car went all the way to the ocean. When it got to the ocean, the Bumblebee Car turned into a submarine. The Bumblebee Car was such a good submarine because it had a roof that went on it, and it looked like it was really good at going underwater and having fun as you go underwater. There was also space to have a dance party in the submarine. Shauna went with the monkey driver, and her parents were sitting in the car seats. Shauna's parents had to sit in the car seats because the monkey driver said that since Shauna's parents were the real parents and they were going to visit the pretend monkey parents, the parents had to sit in car seats. Shauna got to tell her parents when they could go out of the car seat. Sometimes her parents wanted a sippy cup in the car seat because they got thirsty and they couldn't reach for it themselves because they were strapped in. Sometimes Shauna would tell her parents, "Okay, you guys can have a cracker."

The monkey who was in charge was driving the submarine, and he finally found a sparkly dolphin under the water. He said, "Shauna, I think we're getting close to the jungle because here's a sparkly dolphin and it has frog legs." Shauna said she'd never seen a sparkly dolphin with frog legs, and she asked the monkey what the dolphin could do with its frog legs. The monkey honked the submarine horn at the sparkly dolphin. The sparkly dolphin made a lot of glitter go, and it tooted up some glitter, and the glitter went all over the water. The dolphin used its froggy legs to go on top of the submarine, and it jumped into the jungle from the ocean. Shauna said, "Should we go all the way to the jungle now, too? Since the dolphin with froggy legs went and it is sparkly, maybe that's where everyone's pretend parents are." The monkey said, "First we want to see if we could go to a different island because the island that has all the pretend monkey parents for kids is not the one that the dolphin went up to. We need to go really fast to the island because there's a mermaid that's going to race us there."

Just as the monkey captain of the submarine said that, a mermaid pulled up right next to the submarine. The mermaid looked like a girl, but it didn't have people legs. The mermaid had flippers in the back and looked like she was so good at swimming. She also looked like she might have been a princess mermaid, but she wasn't really wearing a regular princess dress. She was wearing a mermaid bathing suit. The mermaid said, "Wait for me, Shauna. Wait for me." Shauna told the mermaid that they were going with the monkey in the Bumblebee Submarine all the way to the jungle to see if there were pretend parents there. The mermaid said she wants to see her monkey parents, too. Shauna said she didn't think that mermaids had monkey parents. The mermaid said, "Well, maybe they're pretend monkey parents." Shauna said, "Okay, you could come."

The Mermaid tried to swim next to the Bumblebee Submarine. But the Bumblebee Submarine had a strong engine, and it had so much honey in it because the engine that the Bumblebee Submarine had didn't take gas. Whenever you went to a gas station for this Bumblebee Submarine car, you put in honey. The Mermaid was like, "I can't go as fast as a honey-powered submarine." She tried to go her fastest, but the submarine just went too fast. So Shauna told the mermaid that if she wanted, she could take an extra turbo booster that was on the Bumblebee Submarine. Shauna gave the Mermaid an extra turbo booster to strap on, and the Mermaid strapped on the turbo booster. They had a race all the way to the island, which had the jungle, which had the pretend parents, and it was a tie because the Mermaid went so fast with her turbo booster. But the submarine that was a bumblebee also went fast.

When they got out of the submarine, they saw there was an island that had monkeys dressed up as people. The monkeys had people clothes, people shoes, and people socks. Shauna said, "How can I find out which my pretend parents are?" There were kids from all over the world visiting the jungle island. That's when Shauna realized if a kid ever wants to find their pretend parents, then all they have to do is wait for the bumblebee car to come next to their house, and then they'll go on an ocean ride all the way to the jungle that has pretend parents. Shauna decided to stay with her regular parents, so her parents took her home in the bumblebee submarine, and they lived happily ever after. The end.