Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two girls named Nora and Elsa. Nora and Elsa lived in a big igloo. Igloos are made out of ice, and they look kind of like bubbles or like half a ball on top. Nora and Elsa's igloo had lots of ice stairs to go down. There was also an ice slide that kids could slide down to get inside the igloo. Inside Nora and Elsa's igloo, there was a big freezer, but the freezer didn't have any doors because the whole igloo was made out of ice. The freezer was filled with lots and lots of ice cream, because Nora and Elsa's igloo was also an ice cream shop for people who lived near the North Pole.

Sometimes, other kids would visit Nora and Elsa's igloo, or they would stop by while on a trip to see polar bears, seals, or the vast mountains of snow in the North Pole. They would slide down the ice slide and go inside Nora and Elsa's igloo ice cream shop. There was a secret part of Nora and Elsa's house that wasn't the store part where other kids could go. This secret part had an ice tunnel that you could crawl through, and it was slippery. There were gloves, coats, and different kinds of boots to wear. Some of the boots had pictures of Paw Patrol characters on them. Nora, Elsa, and all the kids who visited would put on Paw Patrol boots and go through the ice tunnel.

On the other side of the ice tunnel, there was a hole where you could get out of the ground and onto the snowy surface. There was a ladder that kids could climb up to reach the top. Once you were out of the igloo, past the ice cream shop, and past the secret tunnel, you knew you were in a magical land. Nora and Elsa had to keep the tunnel a secret from everyone because it led to the land of Princess Elsa and Anna from the movie Frozen. Most people don't know how to get into the Frozen world, but Nora and Elsa did, and they had to keep it a secret.

One day, there was a big emergency. A little girl was visiting the ice cream shop with her parents, who wanted to see the pretty colors in the sky at the North Pole. The little girl had a dog, but it got off its leash and ran through the ice cream store, into Nora and Elsa's house, and through the secret tunnel into the land of Frozen. The little girl was worried and asked, "Where's my dog? Where's my dog?" Nora and Elsa couldn't let the little girl go through the other part of the house because then she might find the tunnel. So, Nora and Elsa told their dad to stay with the girl in the ice cream shop while they, their mom, and the girl's parents went through the secret ice tunnel under Nora and Elsa's igloo house until they got to the ladder. Then, they went out into the world of Frozen.

When Nora and Elsa got up and stepped down with their Paw Patrol boots, they saw dog footprints in the snow. They knew that the little girl's dog must have run in that direction. So, they followed the footprints with their mom. As they walked, they saw some characters from Paw Patrol visiting the North Pole. Ryder, Marshall, and Zuma were all there. They asked Nora and Elsa why they were in the land of Frozen. Nora and Elsa explained that there was a missing dog, and they needed the Paw Patrol's help to find it. Chase said he was on the case, and all the Paw Patrol puppies used their nets and special flying jets to find the lost dog. In no time, the Paw Patrol rescued the dog and brought it back to Nora and Elsa.

But the Paw Patrol didn't just bring back the missing dog; they also brought a secret visitor. Can you guess who it was? It was Elsa from Frozen! She told Nora and Elsa that she would make an exception and go through the secret tunnel to visit their igloo house. She wanted to personally give the missing dog back to the little girl who was waiting in the ice cream shop. So, Nora and Elsa showed Elsa from Frozen and the Paw Patrol the way back to their igloo house.

When they got back to the igloo, they went to the ice cream shop. The little girl was so happy to see her dog again, but she was even happier to see Elsa from Frozen and the Paw Patrol. The little girl's parents thanked Nora and Elsa and promised to keep the secret of the magical tunnel. Nora and Elsa lived happily ever after. The end.