Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two girls whose names were Nora and Elsa. Nora and Elsa grew up in a big igloo. Igloos are made out of ice, and they look kind of like bubbles or like half a ball on top. The igloo that Nora and Grace lived in had a lot of ice stairs to go down. There was also an ice slide that kids who wanted to get into the igloo could slide down. When you got inside Nora and Grace's igloo, there was a big freezer, but the freezer didn't have any doors because the whole igloo was made out of ice. Inside the freezer, there was lots and lots of ice cream, because Nora and Grace's Igloo was also kind of like an ice cream shop for any people who lived near the North Pole. 

So, if other kids were visiting or they were taking a trip to look at polar bears or to look at seals or to look at the vast mountains of snow that are in the North Pole, then they usually went for a visit to Nora and Grace's Igloo. They would slide down the slide and go inside Nora and Grace's Igloo ice cream shop. There was a different part of Nora and Grace's house that wasn't the store part that other kids could go in. The different part had a secret tunnel that you could go in, and it was an ice tunnel on all sides, and so it was kind of slippery. There were gloves that you could put on, and there were also lots of coats and lots of different kinds of boots. Some of the boots were Paw Patrol boots. Nora and Grace and all of the kids who came to visit would put on Paw Patrol boots, and they would go through the ice tunnel. 

On the other side of the ice tunnel, there was a hole where you could get out of the ground, out of the igloo and onto the ground, and there was a ladder that kids could climb up to go to the top of the ground. When you got to the top, there was so much snow. But once you were out of the igloo, past the ice cream shop past the secret tunnel, you knew you were in a magical land. The reason that Nora and Grace had to keep the tunnel a secret from all the other kids was that if you went through this ice tunnel in an igloo, then you got to the land of Princess Elsa and Anna and into Frozen. Most people don't know how to get into the frozen world, but Nora and Grace did, and they had to keep it a secret from everyone. 

But one day, Nora and Grace's parents did know about the secret, but Nora and Grace's parents also once met Princess Elsa. They met Princess Elsa a long time ago when Princess Elsa was just a baby and her parents were still alive. And because Nora and Grace's parents touched Princess Elsa when Princess Elsa was a baby, they had some kind of at least this is what Nora and Grace thought because the parents usually didn't talk about it. But Nora and Grace's parents had a secret kind of magic power that let them go back to the frozen land. And the way that the ice tunnel got there in the first place is Nora's mom put her finger in the ice under the snow and the igloo. As she put her finger there, the ice started melting and making a big tunnel around it. And then Nora's mom put her whole arm through it, and there was a bigger tunnel. And then she and her dad started crawling through it, and there was a big tunnel all the way till it got to the latter part, where you got to the land of frozen. 

Anyway, Nora and Grace had a big emergency. The emergency was that there was a dog. The dog belonged to a little girl who was visiting the ice cream shop because her parents wanted to take her to the North Pole so they could see pretty colors in the sky. Because sometimes in the North Pole, there are nice colors in the sky. It looks like a giant drew with crayons. And the colors could change colors in the sky. Well, Nora and Grace were having an emergency because the little girl's dog went off of the leash and it went through the ice cream store. And then the dog started woofing and woofing and going through Nora and Grace's house, the igloo house. And the dog found its way through the tunnel into the land of Frozen. And the girl was in the ice cream shop, and she was like, "Where's my dog? Where's my dog?" And Nora and Grace couldn't let the little girl go through the other part of the house because then she might find the tunnel. So Nora and Grace told their dad to stay with the girl in the ice cream shop. And the girl's parents, as Nora and Grace and their mom went through the secret ice tunnel under Nora and Grace's Igloo house until they got to the ladder, and then they went out into the world of Frozen. 

When Nora and Grace got up and they stepped down with their Paw Patrol boots, they could see that there were footprints, but they didn't look like people footprints. They looked like dog footprints. And they were big footprints because they were in the snow. And the North Pole has so much snow, so it's easy to see where anything went. So Nora told Grace that there was a clue that the dog, the little girl's dog that was off the leash, that went through the ice tunnel, probably ran where the dog prints were. And Nora and Grace agreed that was the right idea, so they told their mom to follow them. As they started walking through, they saw that there were some characters from Paw Patrol that really were visiting the North Pole. Do you know some of the characters from Paw Patrol? Buddha, Marshall, Zuma. Okay, that's enough. Ryder, Marshall, and Zuma were all there. And Ryder and Marshall were like, "Beep, beep. Why are you here, Nora and Grace?" And Zuma said, "Nora and Grace, people alert. Why are you guys in the land of Frozen?" And Nora and Grace had to tell the paw patrol that there was a missing dog alert and that the paw patrol needed to come to the rescue and to help Nora and Grace recover the missing dog so that the girl who was waiting in the ice cream shot shop was able to have her dog back on her leash. And Chase said he was on the case. And Zuma and Rocky and all of the other Paw Patrol puppies started to use their nets and their special flying jets to trace down where the lost dog was. And within moments, the Paw Patrol rescued the dog and brought it back to Nora and Grace. 

And the Paw Patrol didn't just bring back the missing dog, but there was also a secret visitor. And buddy, could you guess who that visitor was? That little girl? No. Guess again. Elsa. It was Elsa. The secret visitor that the Paw Patrol brought back with the missing dog was Elsa. And Elsa told Nora and Grace that this time she was going to make an exception and she was going to go through the secret tunnel that the characters in Frozen aren't supposed to go through the ice tunnel and that Elsa was going to visit Nora and Grace's Igloo house, and she was going to personally give the missing dog back to the little girl who was missing her dog and waiting with her parents and also with Nora and Grace's dad in the ice cream shop. And Elsa said, "Okay, so let's go." And Nora and Grace showed Elsa and the Paw patrol the way back to Igloo house. 

Yebud was a little girl a bit surprised to see Elsa? Well, Elsa at first when she went through the tunnel, she was like, "This is a really fun ride, but I'm not sure I should go." So first she was like, "Well, maybe I shouldn't go." But then Chase, on the case from Paw Patrol, said, "Elsa, be fun." And they went together, and the dog was also there with them. And the dog was very funny because the dog, it kind of thought it was like an ice slide. And the dog slid down the ice tunnel on its butt. Wasn't that silly? How did it slide up? Well, it wasn't up. It was kind of like a flat tunnel. And there was also right in the back there was Nora and Grace's mom was in the back of the ice tunnel, and she was blowing really hard, and that helped push the dog forward because she was making some wind. 

And so the dog and Nora and Grace and Princess Elsa got back to the regular part of the Igloo. And then they went to the ice cream shop. And the little girl was so happy to see her dog again, but she was even happier to see Elsa. And the paw patrol. And the little girl's parents said thank you so much to Nora and Grace and that they would tell all the people that didn't live in the North Pole about the news. And Nora and Grace said that they really had to keep it a secret. And they said they agreed. And Nora and Grace lived happily ever after. The end.