Once upon a time, there was a big boy whose name was Frank. Frank lived with his family on a farm. But Frank's family didn't have any house and they didn't have any barn. So Frank and his family decided to dig a hole underground. While they were digging, they found a rabbit tunnel, and they decided to dig past the rabbit tunnel and make themselves a whole house under the ground. Frank's job was to build a ladder so that they could get in and out of the underground house. When you went down the ladder, you would go into his mom and dad's bedroom. After you got to his mom and dad's bedroom, you would get to the special underground pool where Frank liked to keep some of his froggies. After the underground pool, where Frank kept his froggies and also had baths sometimes, you would get to the special underground, secret, super-duper chamber where Frank had underground slides and an underground climbing structure and underground swings. After you got past the underground playground, you would get all the way to the super-duper, extra special, very fantastic room, which only Frank was allowed to go into. That room was full of rabbits. Frank was an expert rabbit keeper because rabbits live underground, and so did Frank and his family. In that room, Frank had a special carrot garden. The carrot garden was full of different color carrots, some of which to give to the rabbits. Some of the carrots that Frank had were orange, some were blue, and some were purple. It took his parents and Frank a long time, like six days, to dig that deep because he had a shovel that was made out of metal.

Frank had a lot of fun living in this house. But the part that he didn't like so much was that his bed was made of dirt. So Frank asked his dad and his mom if they could get him a special bed. His parents agreed, so they climbed out of the rope ladder that Frank made to get into their underground house. His dad drove a tractor all the way to the mattress store. Frank said that the mattress he wanted should be fluffy, comfy, and also good to jump on. He saw that in the corner of the mattress store, there was a little mattress which was a good size for kids that they should bring home. His dad agreed, paid the store owner some money, and the store owner helped put the mattress in his dad's tractor. Frank rode with his dad in the tractor all the way back to his farm underground house. When they got there, it was so hard to fit the mattress under the underground house because the opening hole wasn't really wide enough. So Frank told his dad that he had an idea. The idea was to roll the mattress up into a circle and then fit it in. His dad followed Frank's idea, and they put the mattress in. That night, Frank slept on the mattress and had a very special dream.

In the dream, the farm that was on top of him had lambs and cows, and they were having a great race to the other side of the farm where there were some sheep. The winner was the cow or the lamb that got to the sheep first and had to say "moo" or "baa." On this day, while Frank was dreaming, the cow won because it was bigger and had stronger legs. The lamb was sad and walked around all by itself at the edge of the farm when suddenly there was a mean, scary tiger that looked at the lamb and said, "that will make a yummy meal." The tiger started stalking the lamb, which means following it closely while being very sneaky. The tiger was going slowly and trying to hide as he went to the lamb. The lamb was all by itself because it was sad since it lost the race with the cow to the sheep. The tiger decided that he was going to eat up the lamb.

During Frank's dream, Frank decided to go on a cow ride and bring the ladder that he made, which was made of rope, on the cow. He went on the cow, and since he was so high up, he was able to see that there was a sneaky tiger in the distance. He decided to take apart the rope ladder and make it into a lasso. Frank made a lasso out of the rope ladder, and when the tiger started running towards the lamb, he ran on the cow. He made the cow run toward the lamb to save it. Right when the tiger got so close, he threw the lasso rope around the tiger's neck and caught the tiger. The tiger's neck got pretty tightly caught by the rope because the tiger couldn't open its mouth anymore and was so scared, so the tiger stopped.

Frank didn't know what to do anymore because he caught a tiger, but he was a little bit scared. Luckily, his father heard the commotion, and his father asked if everything was okay. Frank said yes and asked his dad to come out of the underground house. But his father couldn't come out of the underground house because there was no ladder. So Frank's mom told his dad that they should take Frank's bed, his new mattress, out from where his bedroom was with all the carrots and rabbits, and put it at the bottom of the entrance so his dad could step on it, be higher, and then climb out. So that's what they did. His dad climbed out of the hole, and they went on the farm. When his dad got really close to where Frank was, he told Frank an idea that he had. Frank asked what they should do about the tiger. His dad said he would get a piece of meat that he saw on the farm next to the grass, pick up that piece of meat, and throw it far away. The tiger would want to go eat that piece of meat and not want to come back because it would know they would catch it if it came back. So Frank's dad threw the piece of meat far away, and the tiger ran away, got the meat, and was so scared it decided never to come back again.

Frank's dad and Frank saw that the ladder was broken now, so they decided to repair it. They made the lasso back into a step ladder out of rope, put the step ladder back into their underground house, and went back in their house to tell the mom the story. The mom said it was such a special story. Just as the mom said that, Frank woke up from his dream because he realized that this whole thing that he imagined was just a dream. When he woke up from his dream, he was a little bit scared because there was a tiger in the dream. He went to his mom and dad's bedroom and told them that he had this dream. His mom and dad said it was such a special dream because he saved the day. Frank said he thought they should also make a house on top of the ground so that if there's ever an emergency, they wouldn't have to worry about the rope ladder that he made. His parents agreed, and the next day they started building a house out of wood on top of the ground when they decided that their underground house would be their secret underground chamber.

After they finished building their house, whenever Frank invited friends over, he would always show them the secret underground house. All of his friends thought it was so much fun, including the slide and the climbing structure. Frank and his family lived happily ever after. The end.