So let's repeat the things in the makeup. There's a boy. Yes. Cows. Yes. Sheep? Yes. A tiger. Yes. A farm. Yes. Once upon a time, there was a big boy whose name was Frank. And Frank lived with his family on a farm. But Frank's family didn't have any house and they didn't have any barn. So Frank and his family decided to dig a hole underground. While they were digging, they found a rabbit tunnel, and they decided to dig past the rabbit tunnel and make themselves a whole house under the ground. So Frank's job was to build a ladder so that they could get in and out of the underground house. And when you went down the ladder, then you would go into his mom and dad's bedroom. And after you got to his mom and dad's bedroom, you would get to the special underground pool where Frank liked to keep some of his froggies. And after the underground pool, where Frank kept his froggies and also had baths sometimes, then you would get to the special underground, secret, super duper chamber where Frank had underground slides and an underground climbing structure and underground swings. And after you got past the underground playground, then you would get all the way to the super duper, extra special, very fantastic room, which only Frank was allowed to go into. And that room was full of rabbits. And Frank was an expert rabbit keeper because rabbits live underground, and so did Frank and his family. And in that room, Frank had a special carrot garden. And the carrot garden was full of different color carrots, some of which to give to the rabbits. And some of the carrots that Frank had were orange and some were blue, and some were purple, and some how would he dig that deep? Because he had a shovel that was made out of metal, and it took his parents and Frank a long time. Like one day. No, I think it actually took them hold on, let me count 12345. And then five plus one is six. So six days. I think it took Frank and his family six days of digging a lot to make it. Well, Frank had a lot of fun living in this house. But the part that he didn't like so much is that his bed was made of dirt. And so Frank asked his dad and his mom if they could get him a special bed. And his parents said, okay. So they climbed out of the rope ladder that Frank made to get into their underground house. And his dad drove a tractor all the way to the mattress store. And Frank said that the mattress that he wanted should be fluffy and comfy and also good to jump on. And he saw that in the corner of the mattress store, there was a little mattress which was a good size for kids that they should bring home. And his dad said, okay, I'm going to buy it. And his dad paid the store owner some money and the store owner helped put the mattress in his dad's tractor. And Frank rode with his dad in the tractor all the way back to his farm underground house. When they got there, it was so hard to fit the mattress under the underground house because the opening hole wasn't really wide enough. So Frank told his dad that he had an idea. The idea was to roll the mattress up into a circle and then fit it in. His dad followed Frank's idea and they did that well, they put the mattress in. And that night, Frank slept on the mattress and had a very special dream. The dream that Frank had was that the farm that was on top of him had lambs and had cows and that the lambs and the cows were having a great race. The lambs and the cows were I didn't think lambs sheep. Well, I didn't get to the sheep part yet, but they're coming soon. The lambs but I'm allowed to add things. You're allowed to add two things? Yeah, that was one thing I added. So the lambs and the cows were having a race all the way to the other side of the farm where there were some sheep. And the winner was the cow or the lamb that got to the sheep first. And whichever got to the sheep first had to say moo or BA. And on this day, while Frank was dreaming, the cow won because it was bigger and had stronger legs. And because the cow won, the lamb was sad. And the lamb was walking around all by himself at the edge of the farm when suddenly there was a mean, scary tiger that looked at the lamb and said, that will make a yummy meal. And the tiger started stalking the lamb. That means following it closely while being very sneaky. But it was he wanting no, the tiger was going slowly and trying to hide as he went to the lamb. And the lamb was all by himself because he was sad since he lost the race with the cow to the sheep. And so the tiger decided that he was going to eat up the lamb. Well, during Frank's dream, frank decided to go on a cow ride and to bring the ladder that he made, which was made of rope, on the cow. And he went on the cow. And since he was so high uppie, he was able to see that there was a sneaky tiger in the distance. And he decided to take apart the rope that he used to make the stair ladder out of rope and to bake that rope into a lasso. And Frank did that while he was just like you bet a lasso and also just like you're four and almost five. Frank was also almost five. And so Frank made a lasso out of the rope ladder and when the tiger started running towards the lamb. He ran on the cow. He made the cow run toward the lamb to save it. And right when the tiger got so close, he threw the rope the lasso rope around the tiger's neck and caught the tiger. Well, the tiger's neck got pretty tightly caught by the rope because the tiger couldn't open its mouth anymore and was so scared, so the tiger stopped. Well, Frankie didn't know what to do anymore because he caught a tiger, but he was a little bit scared. Luckily, his father heard the commotion, and his father said, Is everything okay? And Frankie said, yeah, come out of the underground house. But his father couldn't come out of the underground house because there was no ladder. So Frankie's mom told his dad that they should take Frankie's bed, his new mattress, out from where his bedroom was with all the carrots and rabbits, and to put it on bottom of the entrance so his dad could step on it and be higher and then climb out. So that's what they did. And his dad climbed out of the hole, and they went on the farm. And when his dad got really close to where Frank was, he decided to tell Frank an idea that he had. And Frank said, what should we do about the tiger? And his dad said, well, I'm going to get a piece of meat that I see here on the farm next to the grass, and I'm going to pick up that piece of meat and throw it far away. And then the tiger is going to want to go eat that piece of meat, and it's not going to want to come back because it know we'll catch it if it comes back. So Frank's dad threw the piece of meat far away, and a tiger ran away and got the meat and was so scared, it decided never to come back again. Well, Frank's dad and Frank saw that the ladder was broken now, so they decided to repair it, and they made the lasso back into a stepladder out of rope, and they put the stepladder back into their underground house, and they went back in their house to tell the mom the story. And the mom said, wow, that is such a special story. And just as the mom said that Frankie woke up from his dream because he realized that this whole thing that he imagined was just a dream, when he woke up from his dream, he was a little bit scared because there was a tiger in the dream. And he went to his mama and dadda's bedroom and told them that he had this dream. And his mom and dada said that it was such a special dream because you saved the day. And Frankie said, Well, I think we should also make a house on top of the ground so that if there's ever an emergency, we don't have to worry about the rope ladder that I made. And his parents agreed. And the next day, they started building a house out of wood on top of the ground when they decided that their underground house would be their secret underground chamber. And after they finished building yes, so they can make it on top. And after they finished building their house, whenever Frank invited friends over, he would always show them the secret underground house. And all of his friends thought it was so much fun, including the slide and including the climbing structure. And Frank and his family lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. If you want me to make up a special story for you, then tell me three special things you want to be in the story and your name and write a review. I'll make up a special story just for you.