Hi. My name is Palmer. Welcome to makeup stories. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is winnie, and I live in st. Louis, missouri. And I am five. And I would like a story about a fairy and mermaid and a princess. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Winnie who lives in St. Louis, Missouri, and who is five years old. And so we want to say, Hi, Winnie. And Winnie asked for us to make up a story that includes a fairy, a mermaid, and a princess. If you want a story, then go to Makeup stories.com. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Winnie. Winnie lived on a farm, and she had so many animals that she could play with. There was a goat, there were two sheep. There was a pony whose name was Penny, and there was a cat that lived in the barn. Winnie was very lucky, because lots of kids used to come to her farm to pet the animals and to feed them. And whenever the kids would go to Winnie's farm, they would always tell Winnie how much they loved her and how they wanted to stay for so long so that she could teach them about the animals. One day, when Winnie went to sleep, she had a special dream in which all of the animals on her farm made more animals, and her farm got bigger and bigger until it was the size of the whole city of St. Louis. When Winnie woke up, she looked out of her window to see if her dream came real. But when she looked outside, she saw that her farm went away. The barn was missing. So was the cat and the goat and the sheep and the pony named Penny. Winnie asked her mom what happened, and her mom said that she didn't know. So Winnie told her mom she had to look outside. And when Winnie's mom looked outside, they saw that the whole farm was missing and that all that was there instead was some glitter. All of the ground had turned into glitter. Winnie told her mom about the dream that she had about her farm getting bigger and bigger until it was the size of a city. And Winnie told her mom that she was really sad that when she woke up, her farm was missing. Winnie and her mom decided that they would look for some clues. So they got dressed, put on some boots, and then they walked outside. When they walked outside, winnie stepped in the glitter with her boots. And when she stepped in the glitter, she could see that some of it started floating in the air. And Winnie told her mom that the glitter was a clue. Winnie told her mom that she was going to get a shovel and she was going to put some of the glitter in a bucket. Winnie's. Mom said okay. So Winnie went in her house, and she scooped up a bunch of the glitter with her shovel, and she put it into a bucket. Then when Winnie got back inside her house, she told her mom that she had a special idea. Winnie's idea was to take a spoon and to mix up the glitter and see what happened. So Winnie started mixing and mixing and mixing, and the glitter still stayed regular. So Winnie told her mom that she would need to put all of the glitter in a bath. So Winnie turned the bath on, and when there was so much water in the bath, she poured the glitter in. All of the water was covered with glitter. And when there was so much glitter in the water in her bathtub, she saw that some bubbles were starting to form under the glitter, and the bubbles were going up, even though Winnie never put some bubble bath in there. And soon, in one of the bubbles, there was a fairy. The fairy was trapped in the bubble, and the bubble started to float out of the bath. The bubble had some glitter on it. The fairy that was inside of the bubble had a magic wand, and she tried to wave the magic wand to pop the bubble so that the fairy could fly out. But the magic wand didn't work. So Winnie decided that she would keep mixing, and she brought the spoon up to her bathtub, and she mixed more of the glitter. As Winnie mixed more of the glitter, she saw that a mermaid came under her bath. And the mermaid stuck her head up out of the glitter, and she popped through one of the bubbles. And the mermaid told Winnie that she had a friend who was a fairy, but that the fairy was missing. Winnie told the mermaid that the fairy was trapped in a bubble and that she was floating in the bathroom. The mermaid said, don't worry about that. And then the mermaid sucked up some water, and she spit it out under the bathtub. Well, that made a big wave in the bath, and the glitter started to float in the air again. The fairy that was trapped in the bubble had so much glitter get on the bubble. And the bubble popped, and the fairy came out. And then the fairy went right to the mermaid. And the fairy gave the mermaid a big hug. The fairy told Winnie that the mermaid was an old friend of hers and that they used to live in a secret lake which was in a rainforest. Winnie asked them how they got here, and the fairy and the mermaid told Winnie that they had a dream last night and that the dream was that they were on a farm. But when they woke up, they were in the glitter bathtub. And Winnie told the fairy and the mermaid that she also had a dream, and that when she woke up, her farm was missing. And that's when the mermaid told Winnie the truth. The mermaid looked up at Winnie, and the mermaid said, winnie, you are a secret princess, and your mom doesn't know, and your dad doesn't know, and none of your friends know, but really, you could do some magic. And the way your magic works is that whatever you dream of, the opposite thing happens. And Winnie said, So if I dream of a cake, then I'll get no cake? And the mermaid said that that was right. And Winnie said, well, if I'm a princess, then how can I get a princess dress? And the fairy gave Winnie her magic wand, and Winnie waved the magic wand, and it worked for her. She got a princess dress. Well, Winnie told the mermaid and the fairy that now that she was a princess, she had a special idea. Her idea was to look up at the ceiling of her bathroom and to wave the magic wand and to wish that the farm never came back. And the fairy and the mermaid knew that Winnie had a good idea, because the opposite was going to happen. So Winnie looked up at the ceiling of her bathroom, and she waved the magic wand, and she wished, I hope my farm never comes back. And just as she made that wish, winnie's farm reappeared. The glitter turned back into the animals. The animals like the pony named Penny and the kitty cat and the sheep and the goat, well, they turned to glitter when Winnie had the dream the night before. But now that Winnie dreamed that her farm never came back, everything really did come back. So Winnie decided to make another wish. She said, I hope that the fairy and mermaid disappear and never stay here forever. And then the opposite happened. And the fairy and the mermaid became Winnie's friends, and they did stay forever. And so Winnie knew that she had a strong power, and she told the fairy and the mermaid that she didn't want them to stay as pets. And the fairy and the mermaid said, Please, can we stay as pets? And Winnie said okay. And the fairy and the mermaid stayed as pets. And Winnie had saved the day by making her farm reappear. And she knew how to use her magic power from then and there. And Winnie and her family lived happily ever after. The end. My name is Lauren. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Ask your parents to go to makeup, louis.com, if you want to be on the podcast.