Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They were walking right by a lake, and they weren't wearing any shoes, so they could feel that their toes and the bottoms of their feet were getting kind of cold from the rocks that they were stepping on. Suddenly, Jesse stepped on something that was squishy and slimy. He looked to see what it was and saw that there was a fish in the middle of the rocks. The fish was able to look at Jesse, and it got up out of the rocks and flew right in front of Jesse's face. The fish said to Jesse, "Why did you step on me?" Jesse was so surprised because usually, fish could only swim in the water. So what was the fish even doing under the rocks? And also, how could the fish fly? Jesse said to the fish, "You're not real." But just as he said that, the fish bit Jesse's nose, which hurt. Jesse held his nose, turned around, and went to his dad, starting to cry. Jesse said that the fish bit him on the nose. Jesse's dad looked but couldn't see any fish. He asked, "Where is the fish?" Jesse turned around, looked to where the fish might be, but the fish had disappeared. Jesse told his parents that they had to believe him; there was really a fish that he stepped on that flew up and bit his nose, but nobody would believe him, and everyone said that he was tricking.

Well, Jesse decided to hold Jonah's hand, and they continued walking down with their bare feet on the rocks next to the lake. Jesse said, "Jonah, if a fish comes up from the rocks again, then you have to help protect me." Jonah said that he would. Just as he said that, Jonah stepped on something squishy. He looked at what it was and saw that it was a big duck covered in all kinds of slime. The duck flew up and bit Jonah right on his ear. Jonah said, "Ouch!" Jesse looked but couldn't see the duck. Jonah said, "Jesse, why didn't you stop the duck?" Jesse replied, "I didn't even see the duck." Jonah and Jesse decided they would both go back to their parents. They walked back to their parents, and this time Jonah said that a duck came from under the rocks, flew up, and bit him on the ear, which hurt.

Jonah and Jesse's parents suggested that they all hold hands and walk together to be extra special safe. They started to walk down on the rocks next to the lake when suddenly, Jonah and Jesse's mom, Amanda, stepped on something squishy. She looked down to see what it was, and it was a big eel. The eel jumped up right to Amanda's eyes and licked her eye. It was kind of disgusting, and Amanda said, "Ew! Ew!" Jonah and Jesse asked, "What happened, Mom?" Amanda replied, "An eel just flew up from under the rocks and licked my face." Steve, their dad, said that everybody was just tricking him because how could an eel live under the rocks and fly up? And how could a duck live under the rocks and fly up? And how could a fish, especially because fish need to live in water?

Right that second, Steve stepped on something squishy, and then it bit his head. It was a shark! The shark tried to bite Steve's head off, but when the shark tried to bite Steve's head off, guess what happened? The shark turned into a balloon, and the balloon was kind of attached to Steve's head. Steve was holding onto Jonah, Jesse, and Amanda's hands, so the balloon that was the shark lifted the whole family up in the air. Jonah said, "Let go, Dad! Let go!" Steve let go of the shark, and they all fell down onto the rocks. Jonah and Jesse said that it was not the best memory because the whole family landed on them. Jonah was on the bottom, and everyone landed in a big pile, very happy. Jonah said, "Well, Dad, now you have to believe that we all got bitten before you." Steve didn't really believe that it happened; he thought that they were tricking.

Just as Jonah said that Steve had to believe him, suddenly some of the rocks under the pile of people started to go away, and they started to sink under the ground. When Jonah, Steve, Amanda, and Jesse started to sink under the ground, Jonah saw that his arms were starting to disappear, and they were starting to get little and turn green, and he was starting to get slimy and turn into a frog. Steve also felt like he was kind of starting to get little, and his arms and legs were disappearing, and he was turning into a big worm. Jesse also felt like he was starting to get little, and he was starting to disappear until his arms turned into so many arms, and he was turning into a caterpillar. Jonah was staying a regular person, and he looked at his brother, his dad, and his mom. He was like, "What? How could these guys be turning into creatures?" Jonah realized that maybe the eel, the duck, the fish, and the shark that jumped out from under the ground used to be regular people also. And maybe soon, Jonah would not turn into a creature.

Jonah thought that maybe his dad, mom, and Jesse the frog would jump out and bite another person. Just as Jonah was wondering if that might happen, he started turning into a giant octopus. Jonah the octopus told his whole family that he had an idea. He said, "Probably the reason when we were walking before and the fish jumped at us is because that fish used to be a person. And the only way to become a person again is if you jump out of the rocks and you bite a person or lick them in the eyeball." Jesse said, because he was a frog and frogs are good jumpers, that he would try to jump on the first person that he saw. Soon enough, Jonah started to look with his little octopus eyes through the rocks. He said, "Quick, Jesse, a person is coming." There was a little boy walking on the rocks also barefoot. Jesse asked, "Should I go now?" Jonah said, "Yes." Jesse the frog jumped up, went right onto the little boy's head, and bit a little piece of the boy's hair. The boy said, "Ah, Mom, there's a frog that bit me!" The mom said she didn't see any frog because, before you could know it, Jesse the frog turned into a person and was hiding behind the kid.

Then Jesse the person said, "Okay, soon the mom's going to come." That's when Jonah the octopus jumped onto the mom, and then the kid's dad was there, and that's who Steve jumped on. Amanda jumped on somebody too. That's how the whole family became people again. When they were people again, they said, "Well, we are never going to walk on those rocks next to that lake again." Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda remained people, and they lived happily ever after. The end.