Yiddi. Diana. My name is Landon. My name is Nathaniel.com. You join the makeup stories club. Tonight makeup story is a request from my younger son Jesse, who asks for me to make up a story about a house that can go into outer space. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse were walking right by a lake, and they weren't wearing any shoes, and they could feel that their toes and the bottoms of their feet were getting kind of cold from the rocks that they were stepping on. And suddenly Jesse stepped on something that was squishy and slimy. And so he looked to see what it was, and he saw that there was a fish that was in middle of the rocks. And that fish was able to look at Jesse. And the fish got up out of the rocks, and it flew right in front of Jesse's face. And the fish said to Jesse, why did you step on me? And Jesse was so surprised, because usually fish could only swim in the water. So what was the fish even doing under the rocks? And also, how could the fish fly? So Jesse said, you're not real to the fish. But just as he said that, the fish bit Jesse's nose. And that hurt. So Jesse held his nose, and he turned around, and he went to his dad, and he started to cry. And Jesse said that the fish bit him on the nose. And Jesse's dad looked, and he couldn't see any fish. So Jesse's dad asked, where is the fish? And Jesse turned around, and he looked to where the fish might be, but the fish disappeared. And Jesse told his parents that they had to believe him, that there was really a fish that he stepped on that flew up and that bit his nose, but nobody would believe him, and everyone said that he was tricking. Well, Jesse decided to hold Jonah's hand, and they kept walking down with their bare feet on the rocks next to the lake. And Jesse said, jonah, if a fish comes up from the rocks again, then you have to help protect me. And Jonah said that he would. And just as he said that, jonah stepped on something squishy. And Jonah looked at what it was, and he saw that it was a big duck. And the duck was covered in all kinds of slime. And the duck flew up, and the duck bit Jonah right on his ear. And Jonah said, ouch. And Jesse looked, and Jesse couldn't see the duck. And Jonah said, jesse, why didn't you stop the duck? And Jesse said, I didn't even see the duck. And Jonah and Jesse decided they would both go back to their parents. And so they walked back to their parents. And this time Jonah said that a duck came from under the rocks and flew up and bit him on the ear, and that hurt. Jonah and jesse's parents said, why don't they all hold hands and walk together? And this way they could be extra special safe. And so they started to all walk down on the rocks next to the lake, when suddenly Jonah and jesse's mom, Amanda, stepped on something squishy, and she looked down to see what it was, and it was a big eel. And the eel jumped up right to Amanda's eyes, and it licked Amanda's eye. Yeah. And it was kind of disgusting. It was EW. And amanda said, EW. EW. And Jonah and Jesse looked, and they said, what happened, mom? And amanda said, an eel just flew up from under the rocks, and it licked my face. And steve said that everybody was just tricking him, because how could an eel live under the rocks and fly up? And how could a duck live under the rocks and fly up? And how could a fish, especially because fish need to live in water right that second, steve stepped on something squishy, and right that second, steve stepped on something, and then it bit his horn head up. Oh, no. And the thing that came up from under the rocks was a shark. And the shark tried to bite steve's head off. But when the shark tried to bite steve's head off, guess what happened. The shark turned into a balloon, and the balloon was kind of attached to steve's head, and steve was holding on to Jonah and Jesse and amanda's hands. And so the balloon that was the shark lifted all of the whole Ebbin family up in the air. And Jonah said, let go, dad. Let go. And steve let go of the shark. And they all fell down carplunk onto the rocks. And jonah and Jesse said that was not the best memory, because the whole family landed on me. Yeah. And Jonah was on bottom, and everyone landed in a big pile, very happy. And jonah said, well, dad, now you have to believe that we all got bitten before you. Because steve didn't really believe that it happened. He thought that they were tricking. And just as jonah said that steve had to believe him, suddenly some of the rocks that were under the pile of people started to go away, and they started to sink under the ground. And when Jonah and steve and amanda and jesse started to sink under the ground, jonah saw that his arms were starting to disappear, and they were starting to get little and turn green and that he was starting to get slimy and turn into a frog. And steve also felt like he was kind of starting to get little, and his arms and legs were disappearing, and he was turning into a big worm. And jesse also felt like he was starting to get little, and he was starting to disappear until his arms turned into so many arms, and he was turning into a caterpillar. And Jonah was staying a regular person, and he sucks his brother, his dad, and his mom. And it was like, what? Yeah. And he was like, how could these guys be turning into creatures? And then Jonah realized, oh, maybe the eel and the duck and the fish and the shark that jumped out from under the ground, maybe they used to be regular people also. And maybe soon Jonah not turned into it. And maybe soon Jonah was like, my dad and mom and Jesse the frog are going to jump out and bite another person. And just as Jonah was wondering if that might happen, he started turning into a giant octopus. And then Jonah the octopus told his whole family that he had an idea. He said, probably the reason when we were walking before and the fish jumped at us is because that fish used to be a person. And the only way to become a person again is if you jump out of the rocks and you bite a person or lick them in the eyeball. And so Jesse said, because he was a frog and frogs are good jumpers, that he would try to jump on the first person that he saw. And soon enough, Jonah started to look with his little octopus eyes through the rocks. And he said, quick, Jesse, a person is coming. And there was a little boy that was walking on the rocks also barefoot. And Jesse said, Should I go now? And Jonah said, yes. And Jesse the frog jumped up and he went right onto the little boy's head and he bit a little piece of the boy's hair. And the boy said, ah, mom, there's a frog that bit me. And the mom said he didn't see any frog because before you could know it, jesse the frog turned into a person and was hiding behind the kid. And then Jesse the person said, okay, soon the mom's going to come. And that's when Jonah the octopus jumped on to the mom, and then the kid's dad was there. And that's who Steve jumped on. And then Amanda jumped on somebody. And that's how the whole family became people again. And when they were people again, they said, well, we are never going to walk on those rocks next to that lake again. And Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda remained people, and they lived happily ever after. The end. That was not short. Maybe that's. My name is Kencho. Thank you for listening to makeup story rings. If you want to be part of the club, go to makeup. Threes.com, tell your friends.