Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two sisters named Nora and Camille. It used to snow outside their house a lot, and there were statues of horses made out of bronze and metal. Whenever it snowed, the horsey statues would get covered in white snow. Nora and Camille used to look at the horsey statues when they were covered with snow and pretend that there was a horn on the front of the horses so that they could be unicorns. But sadly, the horsey statues never moved, and they never grew a unicorn horn.

One day, as Nora and Camille were in their car seats and their mom was driving them through some snow, Nora felt something wiggling in her mouth. She put her finger in her mouth to feel what was wiggling. And guess what Nora felt? Her tooth was starting to fall out! Camille said, "Can I see? Can I see?" Nora opened up her mouth and said, "ah." Camille looked in her mouth and saw the wiggly tooth. Camille asked, "Can I pull it out gently?" Nora replied, "Well, I want to do it." Their mom suggested, "How about when we get home, we'll decide who can do it by whoever says 'me, me' first."

So they drove all the way to the house, and Nora and Camille opened up the front door to their house. They took off their snow boots, and their mom said, "Okay, let's see. Who can say 'me, me' first?" She counted to 3. Nora and Camille both said "me, me" at the same time. It was a tie! So they decided Nora would put one finger on one side of the wiggly tooth, and Camille would put her finger on the other side of the wiggly tooth, and they would pull it out together. They did that, and there was no blood. It didn't even hurt Nora at all because she was a brave seven-year-old girl.

Nora and Camille were very excited because they wanted to put the tooth under Nora's pillow and see what happened during the night. Their mom told them that sometimes a tooth fairy comes while kids are sleeping. The tooth fairy takes the tooth from under the kid's pillow while the kid is sleeping on the pillow and leaves some money there, like a dollar or a quarter. So that night, Nora and Camille had an idea. They decided to pretend to sleep. They kept their eyes a little bit open so that their mom would think they were sleeping. And if the tooth fairy came in, the tooth fairy would think they were sleeping too. But really, because their eyes were open just a tiny bit, they would be able to see the tooth fairy.

Their mom sang them a song and told them a story. Then they went to sleep with the tooth under the pillow. Nora whispered to Camille in their dark room because they slept in the same room. She whispered, "Camille, remember that we have to stay up tonight and just pretend to sleep." Camille said "okay." They both closed their eyes, and Camille even pretended to snore.

Later that night, while Nora and Camille were pretending to sleep, they heard something open the window. They heard something fluttering around the house and flying like a butterfly. It was dark, so they couldn't really see very well. But whatever was flying around the house definitely had a crown. They could also hear something tapping against the wall. Tap, tap, tap. When they looked through their slightly open eyes, they saw a magic wand that was star-shaped. They couldn't really see if the fairy was there because it was dark and their eyes were mostly closed, but they thought for sure that it was.

Nora pretended to sleep, and just as she did, she felt something under her pillow. It was the tooth fairy! Nora opened up her eyes, and she saw the tooth fairy. The tooth fairy told Nora, "Don't tell anyone." But Camille said, "I see, I see." Nora and Camille were the first kids in the whole world to see the tooth fairy. They saw the tooth fairy by pretending to sleep but really staying awake.

The tooth fairy put something under Nora and Camille's pillow. Do you know what it was? It was a golden seed. It was like a seed that could grow a plant, but the seed was made out of gold. Nora and Camille were so curious because they always wanted to meet the tooth fairy. They asked, "Tooth fairy, where do you bring the teeth? Why do you collect them?" The tooth fairy said, "Nora, Camille, I'll tell you where I take the teeth, but don't tell anyone else because it's a secret." Nora and Camille agreed to keep the secret.

The tooth fairy whispered in Nora and Camille's ears, "When I take the teeth, and when other tooth fairies take the teeth, we bring them to a magical place that has two things. The first is a domino factory. We line up all the teeth, and then they go into the domino factories. That's why dominoes look a little bit like teeth. The rest of the teeth go into making unicorn horns. Tooth fairies take kids' teeth, and they stick them together with a magic glue. When a unicorn is born, they put three teeth in a row on top of each other on the unicorn, and then it grows into a real unicorn horn."

Just as the tooth fairy told that to Nora and Camille, the tooth fairy said, "Okay, go to sleep now." The tooth fairy closed Nora and Camille's eyes, and they went to sleep. The next morning, Nora and Camille woke up and ran into their mom and dad's room. They said, "Mom, Dad, you're never going to believe what happened while we were sleeping. The tooth fairy came and told us what happens to teeth!" Their mom said, "I think you guys are tricking us." Their dad said, "Maybe it was just a dream." Nora said, "No, it wasn't a dream. Come look under my pillow."

Nora and Camille's mom and dad followed them to their bedroom. They looked under Nora's pillow, and do you know what they saw? A magic golden seed! Nora and Camille said, "Let's plant it." They planted the magic golden seed under the ground, under the snow. What happened next was amazing! All of the snow around their house turned into gold and treasure. The snow on the roof of their house also turned into gold. All of the kids in the whole neighborhood came over to say, "Wow, that's so cool!"

But Nora and Camille kept it a secret where they got the golden seed from because not everyone is supposed to know the truth about the tooth fairy. Nora and Camille knew because the tooth fairy asked them to keep it a secret. And Nora and Camille lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they'll like it!