Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two sisters named Nora and Camille. It used to snow outside their house so many times, and there were statues of horses made out of bronze and metal. And whenever it snowed, the horsey statues would get so white. And Nora and Camille used to look at the horsey statues when they were covered with snow and pretend that there was a horn on the front of the horses so that they could be unicorns. But unfortunately, the horsey statues never moved, and the horsey statues never grew a unicorn horn.

One day, as Nora and Camille were in the car seat and their mom was driving them through some snow, Nora felt something wiggling in her mouth, and she put her finger in the mouth to feel what was wiggling. And do you know what Nora felt, bud? What? Her tooth was starting to fall out. And Camille said, "Can I see? Can I see?" And Nora opened up her mouth and said, "ah." And Camille looked in her mouth, and she saw the wiggly tooth. And Camille said, "can I pull it out gently?" And Nora said, "well, I want to do it." And their mom said, "how about when we get home, we'll get to choose who could do it by whoever could say 'me, me' first."

So they drove all the way to the house, and Nora and Camille opened up the front door to their house, and they took off their snow boots. And Nora and Camille's mom said, "okay, let's see. Who could say 'me, me' first?" And she counted to 3. And Nora said "me, me." But Camille also said, "me, me" at the same time. It was a tie. So they decided Nora would put one finger on one side of the wiggly tooth, and Camille would put the finger on the other side of the wiggly tooth, and they would pull it out together. They did that, and there was no blood. It didn't even hurt Nora at all because she was a seven-year-old girl.

Well, Nora and Camille were very excited because they wanted to put the tooth under Nora's pillow and see what happened during the night. Their mom told them that sometimes a tooth fairy could come while kids are sleeping, and the tooth fairy could take the tooth from under the kid's pillow while the kid is sleeping on the pillow and put some money there, like a dollar or a quarter or something like that. So that night, Nora and Camille had an idea. They decided to pretend to sleep. And they kept their eyes a bit open so that Nora's mom and Camille's mom thought they were sleeping. And if the tooth fairy came in, the tooth fairy would think they're sleeping. But really, because their eyes were open a teensy weency bit, they would be able to see the tooth fairy.

Well, their mom sang them a song and told them a story. And then they went to sleep with a tooth under the pillow. And Nora whispered to Camille in their dark room because Camille and Nora slept in the same room. And she whispered, "Camille, remember that we have to stay up tonight and just pretend to sleep." And Camille said "okay." And they both closed their eyes, and Camille even pretended to snore and jump. But really, she was just pretending.

Later that night, while Nora and Camille were pretending to sleep, they heard something open the window, and they heard something fluttering around the house and flying like a butterfly or something. It was dark, so they couldn't really see that good. But whatever was flying around the house definitely had a crown. And also they could feel they could kind of hear something tapping against the wall. Tap, tap, tap. And when they looked through their little eyes that were just a little open, they saw that it was a magic wand that was star-shaped. And they couldn't really see if the fairy was there because it was dark and their eyes were mostly closed, but they thought for sure that it was.

And Nora pretended to sleep. And just as she pretended to sleep, she felt something under her pillow, and there was the tooth fairy. And Nora opened up her eyes, and she saw that the tooth fairy was there. The tooth fairy told Nora, "don't tell anyone." But Camille said "I see, I see." And Camille and Nora were the first kids in the whole world to see the tooth fairy. And the reason they saw it was by pretending to sleep but really staying awake for the day, I get to lose. That's a good idea.

And the tooth fairy put something under Nora and Camille's pillow. And do you know what it was? It was a golden seed. It was like a seed that could grow a plant, but the seed was made out of gold, didn't leave a dollar bill, didn't leave a quarter, but left a golden seed. And Nora and Camille were so curious because they always wanted to meet the tooth fairy. And they said, "tooth fairy, where do you bring the teeth? Why do you collect them?" And the tooth fairy said, "Nora, Camille, I'll tell you where I take the teeth, but don't tell anyone else because it's a secret." And Nora said, "okay." And Camille said, "sure." And the tooth fairy said, "do you promise?" And they said, "yes."

And so the tooth fairy whispered in Nora and Camille's ears, "when I take the teeth, and when other tooth fairies take the teeth, we bring them to a magical place that has two things. The first is a domino factory. We line up all the teeth, and then they go into the domino factories. And the way they really make dominoes that kids could push over is really out of teeth. That's why dominoes look a little bit like teeth. So that's where some teeth go. The rest of the teeth goes into making unicorn horns. And the way it works is tooth fairies will take kids teeth, and they'll rub a bunch of them together and then stick them together almost. It's not with glue. It's kind of with a magic thing that looks like glue. Magic mordor yeah, like magic. Komodo and then when a unicorn is born, they put on just like three teeth in a row on top of each other on the unicorn, and then it could grow into a real unicorn horn."

And then, just as the tooth fairy told that Tanora and Camille, the tooth fairy said, "okay, go to sleep now." And the tooth fairy closed Nora and Camille's eyes, and they went to sleep. The next morning, Nora and Camille woke up, and they ran into their mom and dad's room, and they said, "mom, dad, you're never going to believe what happened while we were sleeping. A tooth fairy came and told us what happens to teeth." And their mom said, "I think you guys are tricking." And their dad said, "maybe it was just a dream." And Nora said, "no, it wasn't a dream. Come look under my pillow."

And Nora and Camille's dad and mom followed Nora and Camille from their bedroom to Nora and Camille's bedroom. And they looked under Nora's pillow, and do you know what they saw? A magic seed. They saw a golden magic seed. And Nora and Camille said, "let's plant it." And they planted the magic golden seed. Did it go higher than the house in just 2 seconds? They planted it under the ground, under the snow. And what happened was all of the snow around their house turned into gold and so much treasure. And the snow on the roof of their house also turned into gold. Not in the whole Cochrane, Alberta, Canada, just in their backyard and on top of their house and in front of their house. And all of the kids in the whole neighborhood came over to say, "wow, that's so cool."

But Nora and Camille kept it a secret where they got the golden seed from, because not everyone's supposed to know about the truth about the tooth fairy. But Nora and Camille know because the tooth fairy asked for them to keep it secret. And Nora and Camille lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to listen to makeup because they like it.