Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a boy named Anthony. Anthony had a toy train set in his house. There was an on switch and an off switch, a fast button, and a slow button. The train could go forwards, and it could also go backward. The train even said "ChuChu," but it always stayed on its track. One day, Anthony unplugged his train from the wall with his parents' help, and he disconnected all of the wires with his parents' help. The train still worked, even with no electricity. Anthony was really curious about how his toy train worked without electricity. He couldn't figure out that mystery when he had dinner that night. After dinner, when he went to sleep, the next morning, Anthony woke up. When he looked around, all of the pictures and all of the paintings and all of everything was missing from the walls. All you could see on the walls of Anthony's house were train tracks. Anthony knew what must have happened. He told his parents that while he was sleeping, the toy train that he had, the one that went even if there was no electricity, must have found a way to get off its regular track and make new tracks during the night. The tracks went all over the walls of his house until they went upstairs, straight to Anthony's bedroom. Anthony's mom and Anthony's dad asked him, "Anthony, if those tracks are in your bedroom, where do you think the train is now?" Anthony asked his parents if they could hold his hand as he went to look. Anthony's mom and dad held Anthony's hand as they looked in the closet inside of Anthony's room. They saw that in the closet, after they turned the light on, there was the train. But the train wasn't a real train anymore. It turned into a painting. It was on the ceiling of Anthony's closet, right near where the light bulb was. So it was very bright. You could really see that the train used to be there. It was the same shape as Anthony's toy train. It was the same colors of Anthony's toy train. It had the tracks leading there, but it didn't look real anymore. Now it just looked like a painting in the wall.

Anthony's mom told Anthony that they were going to have to get a ladder, and they would climb up the ladder and touch the ChuChu train painting and see what would happen. Anthony said that's a good idea. So Anthony helped his parents get a ladder from a different part of his house, and they brought the ladder to the closet. Very carefully, Anthony climbed up the ladder with his mom and his dad watching. Then he looked up at the ceiling, and he saw the painting of the toy train that he had, and he touched the toy train. When Anthony touched the toy train, the light bulb in his closet went off, and suddenly there were a bunch of fireflies. The fireflies were making little dots of light all over his closet. The ceiling in his closet now had little stars, and it kind of looked like his ceiling turned into the sky. It was nighttime. Anthony could also see that there were little clouds that looked like they were made of cotton that were starting to float in his closet. He could also see that his clothing, which was hanging up in the closet, was kind of turning into tall redwood trees. Anthony's closet was becoming a forest. It was all because he touched the painting of the magical train. Anthony told his parents that they should use the fireflies to see where they were going because the fireflies made it light in the forest. He also saw that if they touched one of the streams that was next to their feet, like the little rivers, they started to glow in the dark. That helped you see on the ground also. Anthony also looked at the forest, and he saw that all of the bugs in the forest lit up different colors. When the bugs made noises, their sounds were carried by little bubbles that went all over the place. If a frog went "ribbit," it would have a ribbit bubble come out. You could only hear that ribbit after the bubble popped next to your ear. It kind of saved up the ribbit sounds. This was a really special forest.

Anthony told his parents that they should really just go to the train station because after all, the toy train went to this forest because he must have thought it was cool. Anthony's parents said that was a good idea. Soon they started walking on a special trail through the forest. On the trail, there was a special kind of carpet that looked like it had a pretend racetrack on it. The carpet went through the forest floor right next to the glow-in-the-dark rivers until there was a sign that said "train station." The sign that said "train station" had a tunnel behind it. Anthony and his parents walked through the tunnel until they got to the magical train station. The magical train station was really cool. There was a tree right next to it that was made out of glitter. Because it was fall, it was getting windy, and all of the glitter leaves would fall off of the tree, and they would blow all over the train station and in the forest nearby. When the little pieces of glitter went in the ground, they would quickly grow new glitter trees. Next to the train station, there were so many glitter trees, and there were lots of kids that were playing near them. Anthony and his parents couldn't waste any time. They saw that there was a little glitter tree that was about to grow, and they picked up a piece of the glitter, and Anthony put it in his pocket. Then he and his parents went on the next train. The next train was kind of a rabbit-shaped train. When the train came to the station, Anthony could see that there were so many different chipmunks on the train. He asked the conductor if it was for people, too, and the conductor said yes. So Anthony and his parents went on the bunny train, and they were surrounded by so many bunny rabbits as they went through the forest all the way back to the ceiling of his house. Then eventually, they got back to his closet.

When Anthony and his parents got back to the closet and they turned on the light, they could see that it was a regular closet again. They looked up, and they didn't see the ChuChu train tracks or the train station. Anthony and his parents lived happily ever after. The end.