Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Anthony. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Anthony. I live in Virginia. I turn six on October 22. I like a story about a train station, a train, and a tree that's about to grow. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Anthony who lives in Virginia and who turns six years old in a couple of weeks on October 22. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Anthony. And Anthony asks for us to make up a story that includes a train station, a train, and a tree that's about to grow. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a boy whose name was Anthony. Anthony had a toy train set in his house. And there was an on switch and an off switch and a fast button and a slow button. And the train could go forwards, and it could also go backwards. The train even said ChuChu, but it always stayed on its track. There was one time when Anthony unplugged his train from the wall with his parents help, and he disconnected all of the wires with his parents help. And then the train still worked, even with no electricity. And Anthony was really curious about how his toy train worked without electricity. He couldn't figure out that mystery when he had dinner that night. And after dinner, when he went to sleep the next morning, Anthony woke up. And when he looked around, all of the pictures and all of the paintings and all of everything was missing from the walls. And all you can see on the walls of Anthony's house were train tracks. And Anthony knew what must have happened. He told his parents that while he was sleeping, the toy train that he had, the one that went even if there was no electricity, must have found a way to get off its regular track and to make new tracks during the night. And to make those tracks all over the walls of his house until they went upstairs, straight to Anthony's bedroom. And Anthony's mom and Anthony's dad asked him, anthony, if those tracks are in your bedroom, where do you think the train is now? And Anthony asked his parents if they could hold his hand as he went to look. And Anthony's mom and dad held Anthony's hand as they looked in the closet inside of Anthony's room. And they saw that in the closet, after they turned the light on, there was the train. But the train wasn't a real train anymore. It turned into a painting. And it was on the ceiling of Anthony's closet, right near where the light bulb was. So it was very bright. You could really see that the train used to be there. It was the same shape as Anthony's toy train. It was the same colors of Anthony's toy train. It had the tracks leading there, but it didn't look real anymore. Now it just looks like a painting in the wall. Anthony's mom told Anthony that they were going to have to get a ladder, and they would climb up the ladder and touch the ChuChu train painting and see what would happen. Anthony said that's a good idea. So Anthony helped his parents get a ladder from a different part of his house, and they brought the ladder to the closet. And very carefully, Anthony climbed up the ladder with his mom and his dad watching. And then he looked up at the ceiling, and he saw the painting of the toy train that he had, and he touched the toy train. And when Anthony touched the toy train, the light bulb in his closet went off, and suddenly there were a bunch of fireflies. And the fireflies were making little dots of light all over his closet. And the ceiling in his closet, it now had, like, little stars, and it kind of looked like his ceiling turned into the sky. And it was nighttime. And Anthony could also see that there were little clouds that looked like they were made of cotton that were starting to float in his closet. And he could also see that his clothing, which were hanging up in the closet, the clothing, were kind of turning into tall redwood trees. And Anthony's closet was becoming a forest. It was all because he touched the painting of the magical train, while Anthony told his parents that they should use the fireflies to see where they were going because the fireflies made it light in the forest. And he also saw that if they touched one of the streams that was next to their feet, like the little rivers, that they started to glow in the dark. And that that helped you see on the ground also. And Anthony also looked at the forest, and he saw that all of the bugs in the forest lit up different colors. And when the bugs made noises, their sounds were carried by little bubbles that went all over the place. And so if a frog went ribbot, it would have a ribbot bubble come out. And you could only hear that ribbon after the bubble popped next to your ear. So it kind of saved up the ribbon sounds. This was a really special forest. And Anthony told his parents that they should really just go to the train station, because after all, the toy train went to this forest because he must have thought it was cool. Anthony's parents said that that was a good idea. And soon they started walking on a special trail through the forest. And on the trail, there is a special kind of carpet that looked like it had a pretend racetrack on it. And the carpet went through the forest floor right next to the glow in the dark rivers until there was a sign that said train station. The sign that said train station had a tunnel behind it. And Anthony and his parents walked through the tunnel until they got to the magical train station. The magical train station was really cool. There was a tree right next to it that was made out of glitter. And because it was fall, it was getting windy, and all of the glitter leaves would fall off of the tree, and they would blow all over the train station and in the forest nearby. And when the little pieces of glitter went in the ground, they would quickly grow new glitter trees. And next to the train station, there were so many glitter trees, and there were lots of kids that were playing near them. Well, Anthony and his parents couldn't waste any time. They saw that there was a little glitter tree that was about to grow, and they picked up a piece of the glitter, and Anthony put it in his pocket, and then he and his parents went on the next train. The next train was kind of a rabbit shaped train. And when the train came to the station, anthony could see that there were so many different chipmunks on the train. He asked the conductor if it was for people, too, and the conductor said yes. So Anthony and his parents went on the bunny train, and they were surrounded by so many bunny rabbits as they went through the forest all the way back to the ceiling of his house. And then eventually, they got back to his closet. Well, when Anthony and his parents got back to the closet and they turned on the light, they could see that it was a regular closet again. And they looked up, and they didn't see the ChuChu train tracks or the train station. And Anthony and his parents lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to the story. Now it's time for us to answer some bedtime questions. If you have a bedtime question, then you can submit the question to makesup Stories@gmail.com. Here's our first question. My name is Heather. I'm five years old. I live in Australia. And my question is, if you had a pet unicorn, what would you call it? Tonight's makeup question comes from a girl named Hadley who lives in Australia and who asks, if we had a pet unicorn, what would we call it? Jonah, do you want to answer that? We would call it haco. Hako is a good name. I would say Hako Lee Had, because Lee Had is kind of like had lee and Hadley gave us the idea, so that's what we would call our unicorn. Thanks for asking such a good question. Thanks for listening to my stories. My sister is the best. Not yet ever.