Welcome to welcome to Makeup stories. My name is Hannah. This is the best podcast ever. Goodbye. Hi. My name is Saxton. My name is Jackson. We're turning six is February 3, and we live in Weezer, Idaho. We we were like a story about a dragon that we could ride on and a rainbow elephant. Yes, tonight's makeup story is from two twins named Saxton and Jackson who live in Weezer, Idaho, and who turned six years old last week on February 3. And so we want to say happy birthday, Saxton and Jackson. And Saxton and Jackson asked for us to make up a story that includes a dragon that you can ride on and a rainbow elephant. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two twins whose names were Saxton and Jackson. It was the morning time, and Saxton and Jackson were lying down in bed, but they started to hear some noise outside their house. And so Saxton and Jackson looked out the window and they saw some construction. They went to their mom and dad and they said, mom, dad, look, there's some construction outside. And their mom and dad said, okay, let's go look. And they went to their front door and they opened it up and they saw that there was dump trucks and there were bulldozers, and there were lots of different people with shovels and with helmets and with yellow vests. Saxton and Jackson's dad asked one of them, why are you guys doing construction here? And the construction worker said that they needed to build a new zoo under the ground right near Saxton and Jackson's house. And Saxton and Jackson said, an underground zoo? We think you're joking. But the construction worker told Saxton and Jackson's dad that they really were not joking and that the zoo was almost ready. Saxton thought that was impossible. And Jackson said, how can the zoo be almost ready if you guys just started construction? And the construction worker told them that really they were digging underground for a long time under their house. And that's how come sometimes they heard some secret noises in their house. The construction worker asked Jackson and also Saxton if they wanted to go visit the secret zoo under their house. And Saxton and Jackson said yes. Well, the construction worker took them outside, and the construction worker gave them yellow construction hats to wear. When they got outside, they saw that there was a big pole, like a fireman pole that led underground. And they held onto the pole and they went underground. When they got underground, they saw that there were a lot of small animals. There was a giraffe, and the giraffe was only as tall as a kitty cat. And there was also an elephant. And the elephant was about the size of a doggie. And Saxton and Jackson said, we have never seen such big animals look so small. And the construction worker told them that it's a new kind of experiment that they gave the elephant and the giraffe a magic kind of cereal. And when they got that magic cereal, they turned small. And the construction worker asked Saxton and Jackson if they wanted to take the little elephant and the little giraffe outside of the underground zoo, which was under their house. And Saxton said yes, and he wanted to ride the elephant, and Jackson said yes, and he wanted to put the little giraffe on a leash so that they could walk around the block and everyone could see it. Well, the construction worker found an elevator, and they went up the elevator to go back to the ground. When they got to the ground, jackson found a long string to use as a leash, and Saxton decided that he would help hold the leash also. And they walked around the block with the little elephant and the little giraffe. And everyone who was walking around the block also said they had never seen an elephant so small and a giraffe so little. Saxton and Jackson were very proud, and they told everyone that if they wanted, they could also visit the construction zoo, and there might be different zoos under their houses also. And if they ever heard a noise in their house, it's really because there's a secret zoo under the ground. Just as they were saying that, a bird started flapping in the air. And the bird came up to Jackson, and it said, jackson, do you know how to get to the underground zoo? And Jackson said yes to the bird that they had just been to the underground zoo, and the bird said that he was really the elephant's friend and also the giraffe's friend, and he knew how to make the elephant and the giraffe big again. And Saxton said, how can you do that? And the birdie said, well, just watch. All I have to get is a gummy bear worm. And if you give a gummy worm to an elephant or to a giraffe, then the sugar in the gummy worm will make the elephant turn big, and it'll make the giraffe turn big again. So Jackson said, well, where can you even get gummy worms from? And the birdie said that in his nest he kept a special secret supply of lollipops and gummy bears and gummy worms. And he flew up to his nest and got some little gummy worms and flew back down to where saxton and Jackson were, and he gave one gummy worm to the giraffe and another gummy worm to the elephant. And do you know what happened? They started to become rainbow colored because the gummy worm was also rainbow colored, and they started to get bigger and bigger. And Saxton was the one who was in middle of riding the elephant, and as he was riding the elephant, it got taller and taller. So Saxton was higher than a house and as high as a little tree. Jackson climbed up his giraffe, and he was on top of the giraffe's head, and he could see even higher than a redwood tree, which is the tallest kind of tree. And Saxton and Jackson's parents said, get down here. You guys are way too high. We don't want you to fall off. And so Saxton and Jackson went slowly down. One of them went down the giraffe's neck just like it was a slide, and the other climbed down the elephant so carefully while the birdie was holding the hair of that person so they could go down slowly. And Saxton and Jackson were having a lot of fun, but so many people were coming from different parts of Weezer, Idaho to look at the big giraffe and the big elephant. And the birdie came back and said, we made the giraffe and the elephant too big because of that gummy worm. Instead, we need to make them small again. And Saxton and Jackson said, well, how do we make the giraffe and how do we make the elephant small again? And the birdie said, he needs to go back to his nest and get a lollipop. And the birdie brought back a lollipop for the giraffe and a lollipop for the elephant. And just as the giraffe and elephant licked the lollipop, they turned into dragons. And the dragons were really friendly dragons, and they could breathe fire, but they only breathed fire like if somebody wanted to roast marshmallows or something like that. And so Saxton and Jackson were now riding two dragons because the giraffe turned into a dragon and the elephant turned into a dragon. And the dragons were flying around Weezer, Idaho, and Saxton and Jackson were telling all the kids, anyone want marshmallows? Or anyone want s'mores? And all of the kids were saying, I do, I do, I do. And then they would stick out some marshmallows because there were marshmallows all over. And those marshmallows the construction workers who were building the zoo left all over for kids. And the kids would put the marshmallows on a stick, and the dragon would blow out a little bit of fire to make sure it didn't get the kids hands and didn't burn their sticks. And then all of the kids who wanted would have burned marshmallows just a little bit burned from the dragon. And Saxton and Jackson were so happy because they had five marshmallows and some chocolate and also a graham cracker to make some s'mores. Saxton and Jackson's mom said, guys, I think this is a little too many marshmallows because you're going to have a tummy ache. And so they got off the dragon ride and they told the birdie to make the elephant and the giraffe turn back into an elephant in a giraffe instead of dragons by giving them some chocolate. And the birdie got some chocolate from his nest and gave a piece of chocolate to the giraffe and a piece of chocolate to the elephant. And they became a little elephant and little giraffe again and went back to the zoo under Saxton and Jackson's house. And Saxton and Jackson went back home and they lived happily ever after. The end. Adam I wish in Geneva, Switzerland. And say hello to Hannah. Get the letter into makeup TOWIE. Tell all your friends. Thank you.