Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Robin. Robin was out swimming in a big pool one day, and she had some floaties with her. She was holding on to one of the tubes. As she was holding onto the tube, she noticed that there was a big drain that appeared in the bottom of the pool. Everything in the pool, including Robin, got sucked in under the ground.

When Robin got under the ground, the pool closed again, and she was stuck. She looked up and, instead of seeing dirt, she saw some disco lights. She looked around and saw that flashlights were coming out of her eyes. Wherever she could see, it was light. There were some mermaids eating big bowls of Cheerios with milk. They were sitting down right next to an underground pool. Next to them, there was a hot tub. Across from the mermaids, there was the entrance to a roller coaster where the places where people sat looked like big shoes.

Robin decided that she would swim using her floaty device all the way to the roller coaster. When she got to the roller coaster, there was nobody there to ask for her ticket. So Robin put her ticket in the big mailbox. When she closed the mailbox, the shoe opened itself, and Robin went in the shoe. Suddenly, there were some sirens going on, and the roller coaster started to move.

The roller coaster was going downhill, deeper underground, and it was making the sound of a ChuChu. It was going, and the roller coaster got faster and faster until it went through a tunnel that had stars on all different sides. When it opened up, the shoe opened itself, and the roller coaster stopped in a room that had no exit.

The room was full of little bubbles all over. When you stepped on a bubble, it went inside out, and it was called a big poppet room. The bottom of it had bubbles. When she stepped on a bubble, it would go inside out, and the top had bubbles. Soon she started to jump, and she would hit one of the bubbles with her hands because she could jump high. Then when she landed, her foot would land on a different bubble, and it would pop it the other way. She saw that she could go sideways, and she started mashing about all of the different bubbles.

After Robin finished turning all of the bubbles inside out, suddenly the room exploded into a bunch of glitter, and she found herself falling along with lots of glitter into a big pile of snow. When Robin landed in the pile of snow, she saw that there was a unicorn at the bottom of a ski hill. Next to the unicorn, there was a big birthday cake. The birthday cake had pink frosting on it. It wasn't Robin's birthday.

She started sliding down the hill, and when she got to the bottom of the hill and saw the birthday cake, she decided to smell it. When she smelled the birthday cake, a fish jumped out. The fish was swimming even through the air, and Robin decided she would start to chase the fish. She put on some skis, and Robin chased the fish as it was flying through the air down the ski slope until it got all the way to the bottom, where there was a giant frozen pond.

The ice at the top of the pond was so thick, but Robin didn't want to go on with her skis, so she took her skis off. Robin went on the pond carefully. You have to be careful on a frozen pond. She followed the fish. When she got to the middle of the pond, she saw that there was a big cat that was all alone in the middle of the pond, the frozen pond. The cat looked at Robin, and Robin decided to pick up the cat.

Robin held the cat in her arms, and just as she held the cat in her arms, she saw that some of the mermaids that were eating cereal from a bowl had come down on the shoe roller coaster. They popped the poppet room and were now full of glitter. They went all the way down the snowy part to be with her on the frozen lake. Robin said to the mermaid, "Did you guys know that kittens live down here?" The mermaid told Robin that she could go into their special mermaid castle.

Robin asked where it was, and one of the mermaids said some magic words. The magic words were really quiet, and the mermaid bent down to the ice, and she whispered the magic words into the ice. After the mermaid whispered the words into the ice, a big crack started to appear right in the middle of the pond. The ice started to go apart, and the water went apart, too. There was a big part in the middle of the pond where there was no ice and there was no water. There was just a big slide.

Robin went down the slide, and the two mermaids went down the slide as well, one of them carrying the kitten. When they got to the bottom of the slide, they finally saw where the flying fish was going. There was a magical fountain at the bottom of the slide. The magical fountain had three streams of water, and they would shoot up in the air, and they would fall down on the other side. Whatever went between the three streams of water could float and could be big and small, and it could be old or young whenever it wanted. It could turn into a grown-up, and it could turn into a king, and it could turn into a magician, and it could turn into a wizard, and it could read people's minds, and it could move things by looking at them, and it could become invisible.

Going through those three magic streams gave you lots of power. One of the mermaids asked Robin if she was going to go through the magic streams in the special fountain. Robin said that she wasn't sure. Suddenly, the kitten jumped out of the mermaid's hand and it jumped in between the three fountains. The kitten got really small. It got so small it looked like a little ant, but with fur on it. Then suddenly the kitten turned into a lion, and it was very big and had big teeth. The kitten got very old, and it got kind of skinny and had weak muscles. Then suddenly the kitten turned into a stuffy.

The kitten stopped being a stuffy. Then it looked like it had a person's face in front and a cat's body. Then it turned into a cat that could talk. The cat told Robin that she should look up, and Robin looked up, and she saw a rope. Robin pulled the rope, and suddenly she was back up on the floaty in the original pool where she was playing with her family. Robin and her family lived happily ever after. The end.