Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Olivo. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the makeup club. Yeah. Nayo AI. My name is Robin. I am eight years old. I live in Perth, Western Australia, and I would like a story about a pulpit room, a stem blue groper, and a stray cat. Thank you. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a girl named Robin who lives in Perth, Australia, and who asked for us to make up a story that includes a puppet room, a stray cat, and also a fish. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Robin. Robin was out swimming in a big pool one day, and she had some floaties with her. And she was holding on to one of the tubes. And as she was holding onto the tube, she noticed that there was a big drain that appeared in the bottom of the pool. And everything in the pool, including Robin, got sucked in under the ground. And when Robin got under the ground, the pool closed again, and she was stuck. She looked up, and instead of seeing some dirt, she saw some disco lights. She looked around and she saw that flashlights were coming out of her eyes. And wherever she could see, it was light. There were some mermaids that were eating big bowls of Cheerios with milk. And they were sitting down right next to an underground pool. And right next to them, there was a hot tub. And across from the mermaids, there was the entrance to a roller coaster where the places where people sat looked like big shoes. And Robin decided that she would swim using her floaty device all the way to the roller coaster. When she got to the roller coaster, there was nobody there to ask for her ticket. So Robin put her ticket in the big mailbox. When she closed the mailbox, the shoe opened itself and Robin went in the shoe. Suddenly, there were some sirens that were going on and the roller coaster started to move. The roller coaster was going downhill, deeper underground, and it was making the sound of a ChuChu. It was going and the roller coaster got faster and faster until it went through a tunnel that had stars on all different sides. And when it opened up, the shoe opened itself and the roller coaster stopped in a room that had no exit. The room was full of little kind of bubbles all over. And when you stepped on a bubble, it went inside out, and it was called a big poppet room. And the bottom of it had bubbles. And when she stepped on a bubble, it would go inside out, and the top had bubbles. And soon she started to jump, and she would hit one of the bubbles with her hands because she could jump high. And then when she landed, her foot would land on a different bubble and it would pop it the other way. And then she saw that she could go sideways, and she started mashing about all of the different bubbles. After Robin finished turning all of the bubbles inside out, suddenly the room exploded into a bunch of glitter, and she found herself falling along with lots of glitter into a big pile of snow. When Robin landed in the pile of snow, she saw that there was a unicorn at the bottom of a ski hill. And next to the unicorn, there was a big birthday cake. And the birthday cake had pink frosting on it. It wasn't Robin's birthday. She started sliding down the hill, and when she got to the bottom of the hill and she saw the birthday cake, she decided to smell it. And when she smelled the birthday cake, a fish jumped out. The fish was swimming even through the air, and Robin decided she would start to chase the fish. So she put on some skis, and Robin chased the fish as it was flying through the air down the ski slope until it got all the way to the bottom, where there was a giant frozen pond. The ice at the top of the pond was so thick, but Robin didn't want to go on with her skis, so she took her skis off. Robin went on the pond carefully. You have to be careful on a frozen pond. She followed the fish. When she got to the middle of the pond, she saw that there was a big cat that was all alone in middle of the pond, the frozen pond. And the cat looked at Robin and Robin decided to pick up the cat. Robin held the cat in her arms, and just as she held the cat into her arms, she saw that some of the mermaids that were eating some cereal from a bowl had come down on the shoe roller coaster, and they popped the poppet room and they were now full of glitter. And they went all the way down the snowy part to be with her on the frozen lake. And Robin said to the mermaid, did you guys know that kittens live down here? And the mermaid told Robin that Robin could go into their special mermaid castle. Robin asked where it was, and one of the mermaids said some magic words. The magic words were really quiet, and the mermaid bent down to the ice, and she whispered the magic words into the ice. After the mermaid whispered the words into the ice, a big crack started to appear right in middle of the pond. The ice started to go apart, and the water went apart, too. And there was a big part in middle of the pond where there was no ice and there was no water. There was just a big slide. And Robin went down the slide, and the two mermaids went down the slide as well, one of them carrying the kitten. When they got to the bottom of the slide. They finally saw where the flying fish was going. There was a magical fountain at the bottom of the slide. And the magical fountain had three streams of water, and they would shoot up in the air, and they would fall down on the other side. And whatever went between the three streams of water could float and could be big and small, and it could be old or young whenever it wanted. And it could turn into a grown up, and it could turn into a king, and it could turn into a magician, and it could turn into a wizard, and it could read people's minds, and it could move things by looking at them, and it could become invisible. And going through those three magic streams gave you lots of power. One of the mermaids asked Robin if she was going to go through the magic streams in the special fountain. Robin said that she wasn't sure. Suddenly, the kitten jumped out of the mermaid's hand and it jumped in between the three fountains. The kitten got really small. It got so small it looked like a little ant, but with fur on it. And then suddenly the kitten turned into a lion, and it was very big and had big teeth. The kitten got very old, and it got kind of skinny and had weak muscles. And then suddenly the kitten turned into a stuffy. The kitten stopped being a stuffy. And then it looked like it was kind of a person's face in front and a cat's body. And then it turned into a cat that could talk. And the cat told Robin that she should look up, and Robin looked up, and she saw a rope. And Robin pulled the rope, and suddenly she was back up on the floaty in the original pool where she was playing with her family. And Robin and her family lived happily ever after. The end of night. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Maya. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the club. Thanks for listening. You close.