Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two sisters named Ayla and Mila. They lived in the middle of the jungle in an underground house that was hard for anyone to see because the entrance was a tunnel next to a tree. Ayla and Mila had special permission to climb up the tree on top of their house because it was hollow inside. They could climb up a ladder inside the tree and play peekaboo on top of their underground home. They loved their special tree.

One day, Ayla and Mila climbed up the chimney inside the tree and got out on a branch. While they were there, they saw two fairies. The fairies looked like tiny people, only about as big as your hand. They had little wings that looked like butterfly wings, but they were see-through. The fairies wore crowns and had magic wands. They had legs just like people, smiley faces, and special wings that sometimes lit up like fireflies.

Ayla and Mila watched the two fairies, and the fairies came over to them. The fairies said, "We would like to introduce ourselves. Our names are Fliffy and Foo." Ayla and Mila told Fliffy and Foo that they were nice fairies. Fliffy and Foo asked Ayla and Mila if they wanted to go to the beach. Now, Ayla and Mila lived in a jungle with rivers, big trees, lots of bushes, and jungle animals like monkeys. But there weren't many beaches because not many jungles are near the ocean.

Ayla and Mila told the fairies that they would love to join them on a special adventure to the magic beach. The fairies said they first needed to get their rainbow umbrellas. So Ayla and Mila went back down the chimney inside the tree, climbed down the ladder to their underground house, and told their mom they were going to the magical beach with the fairies. Their mom said they really needed to bring their rainbow umbrellas. So they got the umbrellas, and their mom packed a snack for them. Then they went back up the chimney.

The fairies said that if Ayla and Mila held their umbrellas, the fairies would carry them. They would fly together, the kids holding the umbrellas, and the fairies flying with their wings, carrying the umbrellas all the way to the beach. Ayla and Mila sat on the tree waiting for the fairies to pick them up, and the fairies said, "Open your umbrella." Ayla and Mila opened their umbrellas, and then the fairies said, "Hold on to your umbrella." Ayla and Mila held on tight, and the fairies said, "Off to adventure!" They carried Ayla and Mila over the jungle, on top of the trees, through the sky, all the way to the magic beach.

The magic beach was amazing because all of the sand was made out of sugar. You could eat the sand, and it was so yummy! Sugar makes you thirsty, so the magic beach had water fountains all over it for kids to drink as much water as they wanted. There was also a button on the water fountain for ice, and blue ice would come out so you could drink cold water. On the magic beach, there were unicorn rides, and if you said the secret password, "meow, meow, kitty cat," a unicorn would arrive, and you could ride it to the popsicle treats. There were ice cream treats, delicious ice treats, and other kinds of treats. The unicorn would let you choose which one you wanted and then give you a ride through the beach.

Ayla and Mila thought this was so much fun, so they started making sugar castles. Sugar castles are like sand castles, but made out of sugar. They used their shovels to make a great sugar castle with windows, doors, and even a moat. Instead of putting regular water in the moat, they poured magic orange juice around the sugar castle.

Ayla and Mila were having a blast when they suddenly saw some interesting kids. They saw people who were attached together, some with four legs and two heads, and others with one head, four arms, and two legs. Then they saw three people who were stuck together with six legs and three heads, all dancing and having fun on the magic beach.

As they were enjoying themselves, Ayla and Mila saw something glowing in the sky. It crashed down onto the beach, and it was a big, round piece of glass that was glowing. One of the fairies told Ayla that it was a sun that fell from the sky onto the magic beach. Mila wasn't sure, but they looked up and saw the sun was gone. They looked back down at the glowing glass and thought it did look like the sun. The fairy agreed.

The fairy told Ayla and Mila it was time to go back home because their parents were waiting for dinner. Ayla and Mila opened their rainbow umbrellas, and the fairies picked up the top of the umbrellas. Ayla and Mila held onto their umbrellas as they went back over the jungle, all the way to their underground house. The fairies dropped them off on the branch where they had picked them up. Ayla and Mila closed their rainbow umbrellas, went back through the branch, climbed down the ladder, and told their mom about the magic beach with sugar sand and people attached together.

Their mom said, "Wow, we have a lot to talk about over dinner." Ayla and Mila put away their rainbow umbrellas, had dinner, and went to sleep that night. They all lived happily ever after. The end.