Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. I'm your host, Steve. If you like the story I'm about to tell, please subscribe and tell your friends. Today's Makeup story is a request from two listeners who are sisters and big girls and live in Ireland. And their names are Ayla and Mila. And and Mila asked for a story that includes fairies and going to the beach and unicorns and rainbows, and we're also going to add dinosaurs to the story and people stuck together. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two sisters who were named Ayla and Mila. And Ayla and Mila lived in middle of the jungle. They lived in an underground house that was hard for anybody to see because the entrance to the house was a tunnel next to a tree. And Ayla and Mila had special permission to go up the tree that was on top of her house because the tree was hollow inside. It had no wood, and they could climb up a ladder inside of the tree, and they could always do peekaboo on the tree on top of their underground house. So they had a nice tree. And one day, Ayla and Mila climbed up their chimney inside the tree and got out of the tree on top of their house and were on a branch. And when they were on the branch, they saw two fairies come. And the fairies looked like people, but they were very small. They were only about as big as your hand. And the fairies had little wings on them that looked like butterfly wings, except they were see through, and the fairies wore a crown, and they also had a magic wand. And the fairies had legs just like people, and they had smiley faces, but they had these special wings, and sometimes the fairies would light up like fireflies. So Ayla and Mila sat in their tree looking at the two fairies, and the fairies came over to them, and the fairies said, we would like to introduce ourselves. Our names are Fliffy and Foo. And Ayla and Mila told Fliffy and Foo that they were nice fairies. And Flippy and Flu asked Ayla and Mila if they wanted to go to the beach. Now, Isla and Mila lived in a jungle, and in a jungle, there are rivers. There are big trees, there's lots of bushes, and there's jungle animals like monkeys. But there aren't very many beaches, usually, because not very many jungles are near the ocean. And Ayla and Mila told the fairies that they would like to join them on a special adventure to the magic beach. And so the fairies told them that they first had to get their rainbow umbrellas. So Isla and Mila went back down the chimney, which was inside a tree, and they climbed down the ladder to get to their house, which was under the ground, and they told their mama that they had to go to the beach, which was magical on adventure with the fairies. And the mama said that they really needed to bring their rainbow umbrellas. So they got the rainbow umbrellas, and their mom packed a snack for them. And then they went up the chimney. And the fairy said that if they hold their umbrellas, the fairies will carry their umbrellas. And they'll fly together, the kids holding the umbrellas, and the fairies flying with their wings, carrying the umbrellas all the way to the beach. And so Ayla and Mila sat on the tree waiting for the fairies to pick them up, and the fairies said, Open your umbrella. And Ayla and Mila opened their umbrellas, and then the fairies said, hold on to your umbrella. And Ayla and Mila started holding on to their umbrella. And then the fairies said, off to adventure. And they carried Ayla and Mila over the jungle, on top of the trees, through the sky, all the way to the magic beach. The magic beach was pretty interesting because all of the sand was made out of sugar. And the magic beach, you could eat the sand. It was so yummy, and sugar makes you thirsty. So the magic beach had water fountains all over it so kids could drink as much water as they wanted. And there was also a button on the water fountain where you could press ice, and then blue ice would come out so you could drink such cold water. On the magic beach, there was also unicorn rides, and if you said the secret password, and the secret password was meow, meow, kitty cat, then a unicorn would arrive, and you would go on the unicorn, and you go straight to the popsicle treats. And the popsicle treats were on a different part of the beach, right next to some sugary sand and the popsicle treats. Some of them were ice cream treats. Some of them were delicious ice treats, some of them were other kinds of treats. And the unicorn would let you go off and choose which one you wanted. And then after you chose it, you would get a unicorn ride through the beach. Well, Ayla and Mila thought this was a lot of fun, so they started making sugar castles. And sugar castles are castles that they made out of sugar on the beach, instead of sand. They used their digging equipment, like their shovels, to make such a good sugar castle. And it had windows, and the castle had doors, and they even put a moat around it that's like water that goes around the castle. And instead of putting regular water in it, on the magic beach, they poured some magic orange juice, and the orange juice went around the sugar castle that they made, which was not a sand castle, because it wasn't sand. It was just made out of sugar. And Ayla and Mila were having so much fun when suddenly they saw some interesting kids. And Ayla and Mila said, look, and they started pointing, and then they saw people that were attached together. There were some people who had four legs and they were attached together. They had two different heads, but their tummies were together. And suddenly Ayla said, look, and then she saw people that had one head but four different arms and only two legs. And then suddenly the unicorn said, and look at that. And they couldn't believe what they saw because they saw three people who were stuck together and had six legs because each person has two legs and there are three people and the person with six legs had three heads and they were all stuck together by their hands, which were attached. And they were dancing and dancing and having fun on the magic beach. Well, as they were having fun, ayla and Mila saw that there was something glowing through the sky, and it glowed through the sky like a giant light, and it crashed down onto the beach. And when they looked at what it was, it was like a big piece of glass that was round like a ball and not sharp, but it was glowing. And one of the fairies said to Ayla that this was a sun that fell down out of the sky and was on the magic beach. And Mila said she wasn't so sure, but they looked up and the sun wasn't there anymore. So they looked down again and they saw this giant piece of round glass, which was glowing, and they said, that does kind of look like the sky. And the fairy told them, that does kind of look like the sun. And the fairy told Ayla and Mila that it was time for them to go back home because their parents were waiting for dinner. And Ayla and Mila opened up their rainbow umbrellas, and the fairies picked up the top of the rainbow umbrellas, and Eileen Isla and Mila held onto their umbrellas as they went back over the jungle forest, all the way through the bushes to their underground house. And the fairies dropped them off on the branch where the fairies picked them up. And Ayla and Mila closed their rainbow umbrellas, and they went back through the branch, climbed down the ladder, and when their mama asked what they saw, they told their mama they saw magic beach where people were attached together and the sand was made of sugar. And their mom said, wow, this sounds like we're going to have a lot to talk about over dinner and island. Mila closed the rainbow umbrellas and put it away, and they had dinner and went to sleep that night, and they all lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. Story ideas come from listeners just like you. So if you want me to make up a story for you, then just leave a review on itunes with your name, your age, and two things you want in the story. If you want me to wish you a happy birthday on the podcast, then you can ask me to do that on Facebook, Twitter or Gmail, where my username is makeup Stories. See you next time.