Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Jonah. Jonah used to live on a rocky, rocky beach where the waves were so strong, and his house was on top of a cliff. The cliff was made of stone. His house was so old that it had been there before his dad was born, and before his grandpa, and before his grandpa's dad, all the way back for a thousand years. 

But the sea that surrounded the house where Jonah lived was made out of milk. It was called the Milk Sea, and it was the whitest sea on the whole planet. Whenever it splashed, it made big white bubbles that looked like shampoo on top of a kid's hair. It made so many bubbles when the waves splashed against the rocks.

One day, Jonah was flying a kite outside of his house by the beach, and he was holding the string to the kite. The kite flew so high, and suddenly a wind came and blew on the milk in the sea, lifting the kite up. Jonah went with the kite, holding on to it as he went flying in the sky. He flew so far because it was so windy; it was a little bit scary. But Jonah held on. 

Finally, the wind stopped, and it dropped him off on an island full of cows. The cows on this island lived in regular houses just like people. But the doors to the houses were bigger because they had to fit cows. In the cow's houses, they had so much cereal like Cheerios, Rice Krispies, and cornflakes. The cows used to mix this cereal with milk that they made themselves. The cows would have big baths that they would fill with milk.

One of the cows was driving a big cow bus. The cow bus was so big because it had to fit a lot of cows on it. The cow bus was going dingling dingling because it had a bell in front of it. It saw that Jonah had fallen with his kite on this island. It was the first time a person had ever visited this island in the sea that was surrounded by milk. The cow got off the bus and went up to Jonah and said, "Moo." Jonah said, "I don't understand you." The cow went right up to the kite and smelled it. The cow understood that Jonah flew on a kite to get to Cow Island. The cow told Jonah that he was welcome to stay because the cow realized that Jonah was a person, and cows on this island had a secret way of talking to people. It sounded a little bit like "moo, moo, moo." But whenever it said "moo," it meant a word. Jonah was able to understand that the cow asked if he wanted to go on the cow bus. Jonah said okay.

The cow took Jonah on a ride in the big cow bus. The cow bus driver turned on the bell in front, and it went dingling dingling. The cow bus started moving through the cow city. In the middle of the city, there was a big factory. In that big factory, there were cows who were pumping milk out of them. In the cow's factory, there were big pipes that connected the milk to the sea. Jonah understood that the way the sea of milk was full was because there were so many cows on this cow island pumping the milk into the sea. Jonah asked the cows if it was fun for them to do it. They said yes because the cows had special cow bicycles. The more they pedaled the cow bicycles, the more milk came out of their bodies and went into the ocean. The cows loved pedaling cow bicycles because the cow bicycles had four pedals. People bicycles just have two pedals because people have two legs, but cow bicycles have four pedals. The cow told Jonah that it was so fun to pedal with all four cow feet at once. And when you pedaled, it made more milk.

Jonah told the cow that he was flying on a kite near his house, which was on the other side of the Sea of Milk. When he was flying his kite, he got carried away here. Jonah asked the cow if there was any way for him to get back. The cow said he didn't know. So Jonah said he would go back on the bus and look for his kite. He went back on the cow bus, and it went ding, ding, ding. He went all the way back to the beach, which was where his kite was.

When he got to the beach, Jonah saw that there was a big boat made out of chocolate. The whole boat was chocolate, and it had oars on it, and the oars were also made out of chocolate. Jonah decided that he would go in the boat and hold onto his kite while he was in the boat. This way, the kite would blow the boat in the direction towards his old house. Jonah went in the boat, and he didn't have to worry about it melting because it wasn't so sunny, and the water was not so hot. He sailed in the sea of ice cream with the wind blowing his kite and him in the chocolate boat until he got back to the other side where he lived.

When he was on the other side, Jonah said that he was so happy to have visited the island full of cows on the other side of the Sea of Milk. He told his dad that he had a lot of fun on the Sea of Milk visiting the cows and that he wanted to go back one day. His dad told him that that was a good idea. They went back a different day together in a regular boat. When they got back, they decided to make a pipe from the Sea of Milk all the way to the regular part of Earth. Using that pipe, Earth could have as much milk as it wanted, and it didn't have to make cows on Earth pump milk all day. Jonah and his dad lived happily ever after. The end.