Welcome to Makeup the kids bedtime rumpus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from my son Jonah, who asked for us to make up a story that includes sailboats, cows that live in houses and TV. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy who 's name was Jonah. Jonah used to live on a rocky, rocky beach where the waves were so strong and his house was on top of a cliff. And the cliff was made of stone. His house was so old that it had been there before his dadda was born, and before his grandpa, and before his grandpa's papa all the way back for a thousand years. But the sea that surrounded the house where Jonah lived was made out of milk. And it was called the milk sea. And it was the whitest sea in the whole planet. Whenever it splashed, it made big white bubbles that looks like shampoo on top of a kid's hair. And it made so many bubbles when the waves splashed against the rocks. One day, Jonah was flying a kite outside of his house by the beach and he was holding the string to the kite. And the kite flew so high and suddenly a wind came and the wind blew on the milk in the sea and it lifted the kite up. And Jonah did he go with the kite. And then Jonah was holding on to the kite and he went flying in the sky. He flew so far because it was so windy, it was a little bit scary. But Jonah held on. Finally the wind stopped and it dropped him off on an island full of cows. The cows on this island lived in regular houses just like people. But the doors to the houses were bigger because they had to fit cows. And in the cow's houses they had so much cereal like Cheerios, Rice Krispies, cornflakes, and the cows used to mix this cereal with milk that they made themselves, I'm going to tell you. And the cows would have big baths that they would fill with milk. Well, one of the cows one of the cows was driving a big cow bus. And the cow bus was so big because it had to fit a lot of cows on it. And the cow bus was going dingling dingling because it had a bell in front of it. And it saw that Jonah had fallen with his kite on this island. And it was the first time a person had ever visited this island in the sea that was surrounded by milk. And the cow got off the bus and went up to Jonah and said Moo. And Jonah said, I don't understand you. And the cow went right up to the kite and it smelled the kite. And the cow understood that Jonah flew on a kite to get to Cow Island. And the cow told Jonah that he was welcome to stay because the cow realized that Jonah was a person and cows on this island had a secret way of talking to people. It sounded a little bit like this moo, moo, moo. But whenever it said moo, it meant a word. And so Jonah was able to understand that the cow asked it if he wanted to go on the cow bus. And Jonah said okay. And the cow took Jonah on a ride in the big cow bus. And the cow bus driver turned on the bell in front and it went dingling dingling. And the cow bus started mooing through the cow city. In middle of the city there was a big factory. And in that big factory there were cows who were pumping milk out of them. And in the cow's factory there were big pipes that connected the milk to the sea. And Jonah understood that the way the sea of milk was full was because there were so many cows on this cow island pumping the milk into the sea. And Jonah asked the cows if it was fun for them to do it. And they said yes, because the cows had special cow bicycles. And the more they pedaled the cow bicycles, the more milk came out of their body and went into the ocean. And the cows loved pedaling cow bicycles because the cow bicycles had four pedals. People bicycles just have two pedals because people have two legs, but cow bicycles have four pedals. And the cow told Jonah that it was so fun to pedal with all four cow feet at once. And when you pedaled, it made more milk. Jonah told the cow that he was flying on a kite near his house, which was on the other side of the sea of milk. And when he was flying his kite, he got carried away here. And Jonah asked the cow if there was any way for him to get back. And the cow said he didn't know. So Jonah said he would go back on the bus and look for his kite. And he went back on the cow bus and it went ding, ding, ding. And he went all the way back to the beach, which was where his kite was. When he got to the beach, Jonah saw that there was a big boat that was made out of chocolate. The whole boat was chocolate and it had oars on it and the oars were also made out of chocolate. And Jonah decided that he would go in the boat and hold onto his kite while he was in the boat. Yeah, and this way the kite would blow the boat in the direction towards his old house. And Jonah went in the boat and he didn't have to worry about it melting because it wasn't so sunny and the water was not so hot. And he sailed in the scene of ice cream with the wind blowing his kite and him in the chocolate boat until he got back to the other side where he lived. And when he was on the other side, jonah said that he was so happy to have visited the island full of cows on the other side of the Sea of Milk. And he told his dadda that he had a lot of fun on the Sea of Milk visiting the cows and that he wanted to go back one day. And his dad told him that that was a good idea. And they went back a different day together in a regular boat. And when they got back, they decided to make a pipe from the Sea of Milk all the way to the regular part of Earth. And using that pipe, earth could have as much milk as it wanted, and it didn't have to make cows on earth pump milk all day. And Jonah and his dadda lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to Less than makeup because they like it.