Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two brothers whose names were Brendan and Brody. Brendan and Brody lived in Renton, Washington, and one of their favorite things to do when it was summertime was to catch butterflies. They got very lucky because even though it was winter outside, Brendan and Brody found a trail near their house that led to a butterfly paradise. The butterfly paradise was a place where it wasn't cold like everywhere else in Renton, and it wasn't windy. There was a rainbow in the sky, and it felt like nice weather. There were lots of flowers. Some were yellow, some were red, some looked like sunflowers, some looked like tulips. And there were also some birds that used to sing tweet tweet songs.

Well, Brendan and Brody got into this special butterfly paradise when they saw a blue butterfly. The blue butterfly came right up to Brendan and Brody, and the blue butterfly said, "Hi, Brendan. Hi, Brody. My name is Bluey, the blabbermouthed blah, blah, blah, butterfly." Brendan and Brody said, "The blabbermouth blah, blah, blah, butterfly? What does that mean?" The butterfly said, "Whatever I say, I have to say Blah, blah, blah first." Brendan said, "What?" And the butterfly said, "Blah, blah, blah." Brody said, "Well, where do you come from?" And the blah, blah, blah butterfly said, "Blah, blah, blah. I come from this special butterfly paradise where there's a rainbow."

Brendan and Brody saw there was a seesaw in the middle of the butterfly paradise, and Brendan went on one side of the seesaw, and Brody sat on the other side of the seesaw. They started to go up and down and do some Weeze. It was a lot of fun for Brendan and Brody. There were so many butterflies all over, and one of the butterflies was cooking in a butterfly kitchen. The butterfly kitchen had a butterfly sink, and the butterfly sink didn't have water come out of it; it had honey come out of it. The butterflies also had a butterfly oven. But the butterfly oven didn't get hot because the butterfly oven was made out of ice cubes. It was magic. When you put food in the butterfly oven that was made out of ice cubes, it got very hot instead of cold. Brendan and Brody were like, "How does that work?" The butterfly named blah, blah, blah said he would teach Brendan and Brody how to make some special ingredients.

Brendan and Brody said, "What? Special ingredients?" The blah, blah, blah butterfly said, "We will make a magic gingerbread man and a gingerbread house." Brendan and Brody said okay. So they started to mix some sugar. Brendan used a spoon, and Brody used a fork, and there was a big bowl that the butterfly was holding, and they started mixing the sugar with some special cake mix. Then the butterfly named blah, blah, blah said, "It's time to shape it into a gingerbread man." Brendan and Brody said okay. The butterfly named blah, blah, blah said, "Okay, let's start making a gingerbread man shape and a gingerbread house shape." That's what Brendan and Brody did. They drew eyes on the gingerbread man, and they drew a nose, a mouth, and ears. They even drew a shirt and pants. Then they decided to make windows on the gingerbread house and a chimney on the gingerbread house.

The butterfly named blah, blah, blah picked up the gingerbread house and the gingerbread man and put them in the ice oven. Once the butterfly named blah, blah, blah put the gingerbread man and the gingerbread house in the ice oven, something looked a little strange in the oven. It looked like there were little lightning bolts inside the ice oven, but there was no thunder. It was just lightning without the scary kaboom part. Then it looked like there was maybe an upside-down rainbow, and there was some fog in the magic ice oven. They heard a beep beep beep sound. Brendan and Brody said, "I think it's time to take the gingerbread man and gingerbread house out of the ice oven." Blah, blah, blah, said, "No. It means it's one minute until done."

Well, blah, blah, blah, Butterfly said kids aren't allowed to use the ice oven, and a butterfly would have to help. So the butterfly put on some oven mitts, opened up the ice oven, and took out the gingerbread man and gingerbread house because the ice oven was a little too magic for kids. The butterfly took out the gingerbread man and the gingerbread house. Do you know what happened to the gingerbread man and gingerbread house? They turned into real ducks. That's what happened when they were in that ice oven. That's why there was that upside-down rainbow and the fog and the lightning that didn't have a kaboom. The ducks were able to quack.

One of the ducks came up to Brendan and said, "How did I get here? Who gave birth to me?" Brendan and Brody told the duck it came out of the ice oven. The other duck that used to be the gingerbread house said, "Quack, quack, quack. Can I have something to eat?" Brendan and Brody said, "What should we feed the duckies?" They decided there was extra cake mix, so they would just feed the ducks. They said that the ducks could lick the spoons from making the cake and the batter for the gingerbread. The ducks ate it and decided to make more gingerbread.

After the ducks ate the gingerbread mix, they turned back into a gingerbread man and a gingerbread house. The gingerbread man was like, "How did I get here?" Brendan and Brody had to tell him that he used to be a duck and that the duck ate gingerbread mix, and that's why it turned into a gingerbread man. The gingerbread man said, "Well, where could I even live? Because I'm something that sometimes people eat." Brendan and Brody showed the gingerbread man that he had a gingerbread house.

The gingerbread man said, "Well, how am I even going to drive to my house? Let's say I need to go to school or the playground, and I need to drive there." All of the butterflies told the gingerbread man that they have to make a gingerbread car. They made a gingerbread car in the oven, and the gingerbread man was able to drive the gingerbread car. The gingerbread man was like, "Well, what about my house? It's just going to be stuck here in the butterfly paradise." Brendan and Brody told the gingerbread man they need to put it back in the oven. No. They would put a hot air balloon on top of the gingerbread house so the gingerbread house could be attached to a hot air balloon. Then Brendan and Brody would just turn on the hot air balloon, and it could float away. If it was floating in the wrong direction, Brendan and Brody said the butterflies should push it in the right direction, and blah, blah, blah, Butterfly said, "That's a good idea."

So Brendan and Brody said goodbye to the gingerbread man as he went in his house, and they attached the house, using some strings, to a hot air balloon. The hot air balloon went up in the sky, and the gingerbread man waved goodbye, and blah, blah, blah, Butterfly went with him. Brendan and Brody said, "Bye-bye, gingerbread man." The gingerbread man said he had fun playing. Brendan and Brody went back home and lived happily ever after. The gingerbread man didn't have to worry that anybody would eat him after he landed because he could just turn back into a duck. The end.