Is will I? Welcome to my duck toys. Hi, my name is Brendan and Brody, and it's almost my birthday, and I want a story about gingerbread house and a gingerbread man and blah, blah, blah. Tonight's makeup story is a request from my son Jonah, who goes to kindergarten with two kids named Brendan and Brody. And Brendan and Brody are turning six years old. So first we want to say, happy Birthday, Brendan and Brody. Happy birthday, Brendan and Brody. And Brendan and Brody live in Renton, Washington, and asked for us to make up a story that includes a gingerbread man and a gingerbread house and blah, blah, blah. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two brothers whose names were Brendan and Brody. Brendan and Brody lived in Renton, Washington, and one of their favorite things to do when it is summertime was to catch butterflies. They got very lucky, because even though it was winter outside, brendan and Brody found a trail near their house that led to a butterfly paradise. The butterfly paradise was a place where it wasn't cold like everywhere else in Renton, and it wasn't windy. And there was a rainbow on the sky, and it felt like nice weather. There were lots of flowers. Some were yellow, some were red, some looked like sunflowers, some looked like tulips. And there were also some birds that used to sing tweet tweet songs. Well, Brendan and Brody got into this special butterfly paradise when they saw a blue butterfly. And the blue butterfly came right up to Brendan and Brody, and the blue butterfly said, Hi, Brendan. Hi, Brody. My name is Bluey. The blabbermouthed blah, blah, blah, butterfly. And Brendan and Brody said, the blabbermouth blah, blah, blah, butterfly. What does that mean? And the butterfly said, Whatever I say, I have to say Blah, blah, blah first. And Brendan said what? And the butterfly said, Blah, blah, blah. And Brody said, well, where do you come from? And the blah, blah, blah butterfly said, Blah, blah, blah. I come from this special butterfly paradise where there's the rainbow. And Brendan and Brody saw there was a seesaw in middle of the butterfly paradise, and Brendan went on one side of the seesaw, and Brody sat on the other side of the seesaw, and they started to go up and down and do some Weeze. And it was a lot of fun for Brendan and Brody. There were so many butterflies all over, and one of the butterflies was cooking in a butterfly kitchen. The butterfly kitchen had a butterfly sink, and the butterfly sink didn't have water come out of it. It had honey come out of it. And the butterflies also had, like, a butterfly oven. But the butterfly oven didn't get hot because the butterfly oven was made out of ice cubes. And it was magic. When you put food in the butterfly oven that was made out of ice cubes, it got very hot instead of cold. And Brendan and Brody were like, how does that work? And the butterfly named blah, blah, blah said he will teach Brendan and Brody how to make some special ingredients. And Brendan and Brody said what? Special ingredients. And the blah, blah, blah butterfly said, we will make a magic gingerbread man in gingerbread house. And Brendan and Brody said okay. So they started to mix some sugar. Brendan used a spoon, and Brody used a fork, and there was a big bowl that the butterfly was holding, and they started mixing the sugar with some special cake mix. And then the butterfly named blah, blah, blah said, it's time to shape it into gingerbread man. And Brendan and Brody said okay. And the butterfly name, blah, blah, blah said, okay, let's start making a gingerbread man shape and a gingerbread house shape. And so that's what Brendan and Brody did. And they drew eyes on the gingerbread man, and they drew a nose, and they drew a mouth and ears, and they even drew a shirt and pants. And then they decided to make windows on the gingerbread house, and they decided to make a chimney on the gingerbread house. And then the butterfly name, blah, blah, blah picked up the gingerbread house and the gingerbread man and put it in the ice oven. Once the butterfly name blah, blah, blah put the gingerbread man and the gingerbread house in the ice oven, something looked a little strange in the oven. It looks like there were little, like, lightning bolts inside the lightning inside. There was lightning inside the ice oven, but there was no thunder. It was just lightning without the scary kaboom part. And then it looked like there was maybe an upside down rainbow, and there was some fog that was in the magic ice oven. And then they heard a beep beep beep sound. And Brendan and Brody said, think it's time to take the gingerbread man in gingerbread house out of the ice oven. Blah, blah, blah, said no. Means it's 1 minute until done. Well, blah, blah, blah. Butterfly said kids aren't allowed to use the ice oven and that a butterfly would have to help. So the butterfly put on some oven mitts, and he opened up the ice oven, and he took out the gingerbread man and gingerbread house because the ice oven is a little too magic for kids. And the butterfly took out the gingerbread man and the gingerbread house. And do you know what happened to the gingerbread man and gingerbread house? What? They turned into duckies, into real ducks. That's what happened when they were in that ice oven. And that's why there was that upside down rainbow and the fog and the lightning that didn't have a kaboom, and the ducks were able to quack. And one of the ducks came up to Brendan and said, how did I get here? Who gave birth to me? And Brendan and Brody told the duck it came out of the ice oven. And the other duck that used to be the gingerbread house said, Quack, quack, quack. Can I have something to eat? And Brendan and Brody said, what should we feed the duckies? Feed the duckies of ducks. No. And then they decided there was extra cake mix, so they would just feed the ducks. They said that the ducks could lick, like, the spoons from making the cake and the batter more gingerbread. Yes. And then the ducks ate it and they decided to make more gingerbread. And then do you know what happened? What? After the ducks ate the gingerbread mix, they turned back into a gingerbread man in a gingerbread house. And the gingerbread man was like, how did I get here? And Brendan and Brody had to tell him that you used to be a ducky and that the duck ate gingerbread mix and that's why it turned into a gingerbread man. Well, the gingerbread man said, well, where could I even live? Because I'm something that sometimes people eat. And Brendan and Brody showed the gingerbread man that he had a gingerbread house. Where does he live? Yeah, but then the gingerbread house the gingerbread man said, well, how am I even going to drive to my house? Or let's say I need to go to school or the playground, and I need to drive there. And all of the butterflies told the gingerbread man that they have to make a gingerbread car. Yeah, that they have to make a gingerbread car. And so they made a gingerbread car in the oven, and then the gingerbread man was able to drive a gingerbread car. Yeah, but then the gingerbread man was like, well, what about my house? It's just going to be stuck here in the butterfly paradise. And so Brendan and Brody told the gingerbread man they need to put it back in the oven. No. That they'll put a hot air balloon on top of the gingerbread house so the gingerbread house could be attached to a hot air balloon. And then Brendan and Brody would just turn on the hot air balloon, and then it could float away. And if it was floating in the wrong directions do you know what Brendan and Brody said? What? That the butterflies should push it in the right direction and blah, blah, blah. Butterfly said, that's a good idea. So Brendan and Brody said bye bye to the gingerbread man as he went in his house, and they attached the house, using some strings, to a hot air balloon. And the hot air balloon went up in the sky, and the gingerbread man waved goodbye, and blah, blah, blah. Butterfly went with him. And Brendan and Brody said, bye bye, gingerbread man. And gingerbread man said he had fun playing. And Brendan and Brody went back home and left happily ever after it landed. Then someone would eat him. No. And then the gingerbread man didn't have to worry that anybody would eat him after he landed because he could just turn back into a duck. The end. To tell all your friends, listen to lesson to make up because they like it.