Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Paisley. One morning, Paisley woke up and her mom made her scrambled eggs for breakfast. She thought the eggs were very yummy, but after she ate them, do you know what happened? She looked around her house and saw that there were no toys in the whole house. She said, "Mom, emergency! There's no toys in the whole house." Paisley's mom replied, "I think you're tricking me." Paisley said, "No, for real, come look in the house. There's no toys." So they started a hunt around the house, looking here and there to try to find toys.

They couldn't find any toys, so they finally found a magnifying glass on the kitchen table. They started to look all over the house in little corners, under the bed, and under a desk for the toys. And do you know what they saw? All of the toys had become teensy weency, itty bitty, teeny tiny. Paisley said, "Maybe some magic happened overnight. While we were sleeping, the toys became so little, and now we can only see them with a magnifying glass." Her mom said, "I have never heard of that. Now, only ants could play with the toys. Or maybe a beetle or spiders could play with them, but they're way too little for people." Paisley asked, "What can we do? What can we do?" Just then, her dad came into the kitchen and said, "Guys, I think I heard something last night." Paisley asked, "What was it? Was there a magician that came into the house?" Her dad said, "Well, we left the window open, and I also see that there's a wizard's hat on the table. A wizard's hat is long, pointy at the very top, has stars on it, and is blue." Paisley said, "Maybe that's a clue. That means a wizard was here last night. Wizards are like old men who can do magic. Maybe the wizard turned the toys little while everyone was sleeping." Her dad said, "Well, we're going to need to find a solution to make the toys big again." Paisley asked, "How can we even do it?" Her dad suggested, "How about the first thing we do is go to the toy store so we can get some new toys?" Paisley agreed.

So Paisley got in her car seat, her mom strapped her in, her dad sat in the passenger seat, and her mom drove them to the toy store. At the toy store, all of the kids were wearing masks, and there was only one toy in the whole store. Do you know what it was? Lego! Paisley got some Lego, and there were so many different pieces that she could build whatever she wanted. Her mom and dad said, "How about we get a lot of Lego, because all of your other toys can only be used by insects, or maybe a tiny frog, but they're way too little for people to use, even too little for babies." Paisley agreed. So they drove home with many new Lego toys, and when they got in the house and opened up the Lego, do you know what happened? The Lego started to twinkle just like a star in the sky. The Lego seemed kind of glittery and looked like it was made of mirrors. So whenever you looked at the Lego, you could see your face. Paisley asked, "Why did this Lego turn into a silly kind of Lego?" Her dad said, "Well, maybe the wizard who came in last night and turned your toys so small left a magic spell in the whole house. The magic spell made all toys in this house special." Paisley asked, "Well, what should we do?" Her dad suggested, "How about let's build a boat?" So Paisley started to build a boat out of Legos with her mom and dad. When they were done, they had a Disney cruise ship made out of Lego that was only big enough for a bath. Paisley said, "Let's bring this Lego Disney cruise ship into the bath, and we'll start to play." Her mom agreed, because Paisley was also a little bit dirty from playing in the mud the day before when it had rained.

Paisley was worried that if she went in the bath, maybe the water wouldn't go. But when her mom turned the water on, it seemed like the water did go. It's just that the water had food coloring in it, and it was green. So Paisley took a bath in the green water and played with her Disney Lego cruise ship. As she was taking a bath, the glitter on the Lego started to twinkle and shine. Suddenly, the bath got bigger and bigger until it turned into a whole ocean. Paisley found herself on the Disney cruise ship that was made out of Lego but turned into a real cruise ship. Her mom and dad were also on it, and there were so many Lego friends that turned into real people. There was a Lego captain of the cruise ship that turned into a real captain, a lifeguard that turned into a real lifeguard, and even a pool on the cruise ship. They had so much fun, and there was a restaurant on the cruise ship and dogs too. One of the dogs was a golden retriever with golden hair. The dog started to say, "Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof." Paisley decided to follow the dog with golden hair until she saw another clue. The other clue was big blue pointy shoes. Her mom was with her, and the golden retriever started woofing at the blue shoes. Paisley realized it was another clue. It meant the wizard was somewhere on the cruise ship. So she picked up the blue shoes and asked her dad to hold them. Paisley's dad held the blue shoes, and all of the Lego people on the cruise ship heard an announcement come over the speaker system. The announcement said, "Attention, everyone. There is a mystery guest on the cruise ship, and he is missing his blue shoes. Whoever can give the mystery guest his blue shoes will have a special request that they can do anything they want." Paisley looked at her mom and dad and said, "We have the blue shoes. We have the blue shoes." Her mom and dad said, "Yay." So they followed down the hall until they found a curtain. They opened up the curtain and saw the wizard was there. The wizard had no hat on and no blue shoes. Paisley asked her mom, "Is this a good wizard or a bad wizard?" Her mom said she didn't know. But then she saw that the wizard had a magic ball right next to him, and it looked like a tennis ball, but tennis balls are usually green, and this tennis ball was pink. The wizard said, "Paisley, do you think somebody was in your house last night?" Paisley said yes. The wizard said, "Paisley, I have a secret to tell you." Paisley asked, "What is it? What is it?" The wizard said, "I had to turn your toys to be so little because there was going to be a very windy storm, and I didn't want all of your toys to blow out the window. So I made them so little that the wind couldn't even blow them. Your window was open, so they definitely would have blown out the window. But I left my hat at your house. Do you have my hat?" Paisley said, "I do. I do." She gave the wizard his hat. The wizard waved his magic wand, and suddenly Paisley was at home again in the bath, playing with her Legos. She asked her mom and dad to look outside of the bathroom to see if her toys were regular size. Guess what? Paisley's toys were regular size again, and she had all the new Lego. Paisley and her parents lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they'll like it.