Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. Tonight's makeup story request comes from a big girl named Paisley who asked for us to make up a story that includes a kind of dog called a golden retriever, and she wants Lego friends in the story and a Disney cruise ship. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Paisley. Paisley woke up one morning and her mom made her scrambled eggs for breakfast. She thought the eggs were very yummy, but after she ate the scrambled eggs, do you know what happened? She looked around her house and she saw that there were no toys in the whole house. And she said, mom, emergency. There's no toys in the whole house. And Paisley's mom said, I think you're tricking me. And Paisley said, no, for real, come look in the house. There's no toys. And they started on a hunt around the house, looking here and looking there to try to find toys. They couldn't find any toys, so they finally found a magnifying glass. And the magnifying glass was on the kitchen table. And they started to look all over the house in little corners and under the bed and under a desk for the toys. And do you know what they saw? All of the toys became teensy weency, itty bitty, teeny tiny. And Paisley said, maybe there was some magic that happened over the night. And while we were sleeping, the toys became so little, and now we could only see the toys with a magnifying glass. And her mom said, I have never heard of that. Now, only ants could play with the toys. Or maybe a beetle could play with the toys, or spiders could play with it, but they're way too little for people. And Paisley said, what can we do? What can we do? And her dad came into the kitchen, and her dad said, guys, I think I heard something last night. And Paisley said, what was it? Was there a magician that came into the house? And her dad said, well, we left the window open, and I also see that there's a wizard's hat on the table. A wizard's hat is long, and it's pointy at the very top, and it has stars on it, and it's blue. And Paisley said, maybe that's a clue. And that means that a wizard was here last night. And wizards are like old men who could do some kind of magic. And maybe the wizard, while everyone was sleeping, turned the toys little. And her dad said, well, we're going to need to find a solution to make the toys big again. And Paisley said, well, how can we even do it? And her dad said, how about the first thing we do is we go to the toy store so we could get some new toys? And Paisley said okay. Why didn't they torn those ones? Torn it? Well, they're going to see what happens. And so Paisley went in the car seat, and her mom strapped her in the car seat, and her dad was in the passenger seat, and her mom was driving. And they drove, drove, drove all the way to the toy store. In the toy store, all of the kids were wearing masks, and there was only one toy in the whole toy store. And do you know what it was? Lego. And so Paisley got some Lego, and there were so many different Lego pieces that you could build whatever you want. So her mom and her dad said, how about we get a lot of Lego, because all of your other toys could only be used by, like, insects, or maybe if there's a frog that's so little, it could use your toys, but they're way too little for people to use, even too little for babies. Paisley said okay. So they drove home with so many new Lego toys, and when they got in the house and they opened up the Lego house, do you know what happened? It didn't turn small, but the Lego started to twinkle just like a star in the sky. And all of the Lego seemed kind of glittery, and the Lego seemed to be made kind of like of mirrors. So whenever you looked at the Lego, you could see your face. And Paisley said, Why did this Lego turn into a silly kind of Lego? And her dad said, well, maybe the wizard who came in last night, the wizard who turned your toy so small, left a magic spell in the whole house. And the magic spell made all toys in this house special. Paisley said, well, what should we do? And her dad said, well, how about let's build a boat? And so Paisley started to build a boat out of Legos. And she builded, and she builded, and her dad builded, and her mom built. And when they were done, they had a Disney cruise ship that was made out of Lego that was only big enough for a bath. And so Paisley said, let's bring this Lego Disney cruise ship into the bath, and we'll start to play. And her mom said, that's a good idea, because Paisley was also a little bit dirty because she had played in the mud the day before, and it had rained. But didn't the wizard make the water in the bath not go? And Paisley was worried that if she would go in the bath, maybe the water wouldn't go. But when her mom turned the water on, it seemed like the water did go. It's just the water had food coloring in it, and it was green water. So Paisley took a bath in the green water, and she used her Disney Lego cruise ship in the water. And suddenly, as she was taking a bath, didn't it break? No, it didn't break. As she was taking a bath, the glitter on the Lego started to twinkle. Into shine. And suddenly the bath got bigger and bigger and bigger until it turned into a whole ocean. And Paisley found herself on the Disney cruise ship that was made out of Lego but turned into a real cruise ship. And her mom and dad were also on it. And there were so many Lego friends that were also on the cruise ship that turned into real people. There was a Lego captain of the cruise ship that turned into a real captain. There was a lifeguard on the cruise ship that was made out of Lego that turned into a real lifeguard. There was even a pool on the cruise ship, and they had so much fun, they could just swim next to the boat. Yeah, even though they could just swim next to the boat, they had a pool on the cruise ship, and there was a restaurant on the cruise ship, and there were dogs on the cruise ship. And one of the dogs had golden hair, and it was called a golden retriever. And the dog with golden hair started to say, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof. And Paisley decided to follow the dog with golden hair until it turned into an ocean. First she started in the bath, and then it got bigger and bigger. And Paisley followed the dog through the bottom of the cruise ship, down some steps until she saw another clue. And the other clue was there were big blue pointy shoes, and her mom was with her. And the dog, the golden retriever, started woof, woofing at the golden shoes. And do you know what? Paisley realized it was another clue. It meant the wizard was somewhere on the cruise ship. And so she picked up the blue shoes and asked her dad to hold them. And Paisley's dad started to hold the blue shoes. And all of the Lego people on the cruise ship heard an announcement come over the speaker system. And the announcement said, Attention, everyone. There is a mystery guest on the cruise ship, and he is missing his blue shoes. Whoever can give the mystery guest his blue shoes will have a special request that they can do anything they want. And Paisley looked at her mom and dad, and she's like, we have the blue shoes. We have the blue shoes. And her mom and dad said, Yay. So they followed down the hall until they found a curtain. And they opened up the curtain, and they saw the wizard was there. And the wizard had no hat on and no blue shoes. And Paisley said to her mom, is this a good wizard or a bad wizard? And her mom said she didn't know. But then she saw that the wizard had a magic ball right next to him, and it looked like a tennis ball, but tennis balls are usually green, and this tennis ball was pink. And the wizard said, Paisley, do you think somebody was in your house last night. And Paisley said yes. And the wizard said, Paisley, I have a secret to tell you. And Paisley said, what is it? What is it? And the wizard said, I had to turn your toys to be so little because there was going to be a very windy storm, and I didn't want all of your toys to blow out the window. And so I made them so little so that the wind couldn't even blow them. And your window was open, so they definitely would have blown out the window. But I left my hat at your house. Do you have my hat? And Paisley said, I do. I do. And she gave the wizard her hat. And the wizard waved his magic wand. And suddenly Paisley was at home again in the bath, playing with her Legos, and she asked her mom and dad to look outside of the bathroom to see if her toys are regular. And guess what? Paisley's toys were regular size again, and she had all the new Lego. And Paisley and her parents lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to lesson to make up, because they like it.