Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Evan. It was time for Evan and his family to get some groceries, so they went into the supermarket near Evan's house. And when they got into the supermarket and they looked around the aisles, Evan reminded his mom that they needed to get more eggs. So Evan got to sit in the shopping cart as Evan and his mom went all the way to the egg section. When they got to the egg section, they saw that there were no regular eggs left. There was only a blue kind of egg, and it was in a blue egg carton. And Evan said that he had never seen blue eggs before, and he asked his mom if it would make regular scrambled eggs. His mom said that there was only one way to find out. And so Evan picked up the blue eggs, and he told his mom that first they should go home and try these eggs, and then they should shop for more things. But Evan's mom told him, we should also probably get some grapes, and we should also get some bananas, and we should also get some honey. And Evan said, okay. So they got some grapes, which were purple grapes, and they got honey, which was in the shape of a bear, and they also got the most special thing of all, which was bananas. And then they checked out of the supermarket, and they paid the person. And then they went into their car and drove all the way back to Evan's house. When they got back to Evan's house, they saw that it was going to be time to cook a special midday breakfast lunch. Breakfast. Lunch is a kind of breakfast where you have eggs, but you also have kinds of lunch foods, too. And Evan told his mom that they were going to use the blue eggs. When they got home, Evan opened up the egg carton, and he saw that all of the blue eggs were cracked and that there were no eggs inside, but instead, there were geckos. Geckos look like little lizards, but usually they're kind of green and might have red stripes on them. And they're also kind of like salamanders. And the geckos were all in their eggs. The eggs were regular size of, like, a chicken egg, but they all had geckos in them. And inside the eggs, the geckos had little houses. The geckos kept some moss in their house to make it nice and comfy for them. And they also kept some kinds of gecko toys, like little teensy, tiny balls. And they also loved to play with dental floss. Well, Evan was very surprised because why would they have gecko eggs in the supermarket? And Evan's mom said that the supermarket must have made a mistake. But it was too late because the geckos all climbed out of their eggs, and they started to run around Evan's house. The geckos went all the way to Evan's room. When they got to Evan's room and all of the geckos saw Evan's bed, they rushed towards it, and they started to climb all over Evan's bed. And the geckos were kind of, like, good at hiding, because they could be kind of a little camouflaged sometimes, and it could be hard to see geckos. And they seemed to be making a sound that said and then Evan could hear what they were saying. It was monkey, monkey. And as the geckos were saying, monkey, monkey, monkey out from under Evans covers on his bed, a monkey came, and the monkey looked a little bit like he had a gecko face. And it turned out that it was a magical monkey that the geckos created while they were hiding under Evan's bed. And the magical monkey said and Evan knew what that meant. That meant banana, banana, because the magic monkey wanted some bananas. And the magic monkey smelled that there were bananas downstairs that Evan had gotten from the supermarket. So the monkey ran downstairs, and it got to the supermarket grocery bag, and in the grocery bag, it got the bananas, and it took the bananas and the honey upstairs. And then it went back to Evan's bed, where the geckos were having a big dance party. And the monkey told Evan that the honey was a magical honey, and if he poured it all over Evan's bed, then the bed was going to turn into a castle. And Evan said he didn't believe the monkey, so they would have to try it out. And the monkey said, okay. And the monkey started to squeeze the little honey bear all over Evan's bed. And Evan knew that that wasn't okay for real honey, but for this kind of honey, which could make a castle while it was worth trying out. And so all of the geckos started to run around the bed, and they started to lick the honey. And as the geckos were licking the honey, soon you could see that from the corners of Evan's bed, they were growing brick walls, and the brick walls were getting bigger and bigger, and some stones were going in them. And soon the bed was the bottom of a giant castle that went straight out of the ceiling of Evan's room and out of his house. And the castle was a really special castle because it had elevators that floated up and down. They weren't even attached to anything. And also the geckos loved the castle because inside the castle, there were a lot of little rocks for the geckos to hide on and sticks for them to walk on. But most of all, the magic monkey loved the castle because the magic monkey thought that he was like the king of the castle. And the magic monkey pretended that outside of the castle, there were a thousand different monkeys that were trying to get into the castle. And he told the geckos to pretend that they were soldiers and to go on the tops of the castle. And the geckos went to the tops of the castle, and they looked out at all of the thousand pretend monkeys, and they had an idea. And their idea was to do something with their tails. All of the geckos picked up their tails at the same time, and they waved it really fast so that it could create a little bit of wind. And then they had all of that wind directed at the same place towards the monkeys that were trying to get in, and it blew the monkeys over, and the monkeys fell down, and they thought it was really silly that they fell down. So they decided to be nice. And all of the monkeys started to hop, and they said they would be nice and just play if they got in the castle. And Evan said that it was okay for the other monkeys to come in. And so they had to go in through the bottom of the castle, which is where Evan's bed was. And the castle was covered in the big blanket that went on top of Evan's bed. And all of the different monkeys came on in. And the magic monkey told the other monkeys that they had to behave and play very nicely or else the magic monkey would just turn them into shadows. And the monkey said that they would be good and play nicely. And so they went to the part of Evan's castle that had a playground in it. And the monkeys were really good at monkey bars, and they were really good at pretending things on the playground. And Evan and his family were looking all over the castle to see the different types of game rooms because there were so many games that you could play in the castle. And in one of the rooms of the castle, it was the biggest room in the world. The room was so big, and this was just one part of his castle. The room was so big that if you went from the bottom of the room all the way to the top of the room, it would be like going all the way up to the cloud. Because Evans Castle was the tallest castle ever. It was a little bit hidden because his blanket got big and covered it. And Evan decided to tell the geckos to turn it back into his bed because it was getting late and he needed to go to bed. So Evan asked the geckos to turn his bed back into a regular bed, and they did a silly thing with their tails, and it turned back into a regular bed. And then Evan went to sleep. But that night, the magic monkey and gecko really stayed with Evan on his bed. And Evan and his family lived happily ever after. The end.