Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Jonah. Jonah lived in a little town called Wanica, New Zealand, and he went to school. In his school, there was a playground with a sandbox, some swings, and a climbing structure. Before school started, he would play in the playground with his friends.

One day, there was a new kid that Jonah had never seen before. The kid had two eyes that were different colors. One of the new kid's eyes was blue, and the other one was red. The new kid told Jonah that he came from the other side of the world. He came from a little village in the Amazon rainforest. The kid told Jonah that the reason his eyes were different colors was that his mom was a regular person, but his dad was a different kind of person that you couldn't find anywhere else in the world and that regular people didn't know about. The kid told Jonah that the people who lived in the Amazon rainforest that nobody knew about all had red eyes, and some of them were so tall and skinny that they could walk around like trees.

Jonah asked the kid, "If all of those people are so tall, then why aren't you so tall? Why are you just the regular size of a seven-year-old boy?" The kid told Jonah that he wasn't really seven; he was just two years old. Jonah knew that couldn't be true. It had to be a trick because the kid didn't look like a two-year-old. And even if there could be a tall two-year-old, there was no way that the tall two-year-old could have the face of a seven-year-old and could talk so much. But the person said his name was Zagrep and that there really was a part of the world where kids grew up so fast and that by the time a kid was four years old, he was already a grown-up. The kids who lived there got to be so tall that if they wanted to get a banana from a tree, all they had to do was lift their hand up.

Jonah couldn't tell if he was tricking, so he just decided to play nicely with the kid. After they were done playing in the sandbox and after school was over, Jonah went home and asked his dad, "Is there really a secret place in the Amazon rainforest where people have red eyes, and kids become grown-ups really quickly, and people are so tall?" Jonah's dad, Steve, told Jonah that he was hoping he wouldn't find out about that. He said there really was a part of the Amazon rainforest. It wasn't really a secret because grown-ups knew about this place; they just didn't tell kids about it. Grown-ups didn't tell kids that there was a place in the Amazon rainforest, which is a big jungle that has monkeys, jaguars, and lots of rivers with fish and birds with lots of different colors. Steve didn't tell Jonah that in that rainforest, there were people with red eyes that grew up really quickly.

Jonah said, "Dad, but why didn't you just tell me about it?" Steve replied, "The reason grown-ups don't tell kids about that place is because they're afraid kids would want to go there." Jonah asked, "Well, why would kids want to go there?" Steve said that in that part of the Amazon rainforest, they have lots of guards around it. The guards are the people who are as tall as trees with red eyes because there's a lake inside of it with clear blue water, and under the lake, there are some white rocks, and the lake isn't so deep, so kids could stand up in it. If kids go to that lake, then something special happens. The first thing that happens is they stay kids forever. They stop growing. If you go in when you're seven years old, you don't have an 8th birthday; you just keep staying seven years old, and you stay seven years old for like a hundred years, even more. It just keeps going. That's one thing that happens when you step in the clear blue water on the white rock in the middle of the protected lake in the Amazon rainforest. The other thing that happens, Steve told Jonah, is that anyone who does this can never go back home and has to stay in the Amazon rainforest for the rest of their lives.

Jonah asked Steve if that's how the people with the red eyes got to be there. Steve said that a long time ago, there were lots of kids who used to take boats to get there, and there was no protection at all. One of those kids drank the water also. That's what started the people with the red eyes who were so tall.

The next day in school, the kid with one red eye and one blue eye was playing in the playground again. Jonah wanted to know how the kid got away. He asked the kid, "How are you here in Wanica, New Zealand? How did you get away from the secret part of the Amazon rainforest?" The kid said that he had to whisper something to Jonah, and Jonah said, "Okay." The kid put his mouth right next to Jonah's ear. When he started to open his mouth, instead of telling Jonah something, he blew a little bit of air into Jonah's ear, and Jonah could feel it. It felt kind of very windy in his ear. As he felt that wind in his ear, he could feel that one of his eyes was starting to close. It didn't hurt; it just felt like it was getting sleepy in one eye, but the other eye wasn't sleepy. When he opened up his eye, he could start to see really far away, like he was looking in the distance. He saw a mountain, and on the top of the mountain, he was able to see a little worm, even though the mountain was so far away. The kid told Jonah, "Now you have a red eye, too."

Jonah didn't realize the red eye was so powerful. He asked the kid how he could get his regular eye again. The kid told him that the red eye would go away by itself when he had a nightmare. Jonah went home that day and tried to remember, "Don't have a nightmare. Don't have a nightmare." He wanted to keep his red eye so he could see things that were so far away that other people couldn't see. When he went to sleep that night, he thought about kitty cats playing in some grass, and he thought about rabbits that wanted to jump all over the kitty cats. But the kitty cats went on a trampoline first. When the rabbits tried to go on a trampoline, the whole trampoline turned into a cake. Jonah was starting to have a really nice dream about that when suddenly he could feel wind in his ear, and the wind was howling, and a storm started to come. Jonah could see the lightning, and he could hear a clap of thunder. In the distance, in the clouds, he could see a gray, scary mouth. Suddenly, Jonah woke up, and his red eye was gone.

The next day, when Jonah went to school, he looked all over for the kid with the red eye, but he couldn't find him. Jonah and his family lived happily ever after. The end.