Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Samantha. Samantha used to love to make a mess because she had a lot of fun playing with things. But after she finished playing, she thought it wasn't so much fun to clean up, so Samantha would leave all of her toys on the floor. One day, Samantha's mom told Samantha that there was a box for her in the mail. Samantha asked, "What is it? What is it?" Her mom said, "I don't know, but it has gift wrapping on it." Samantha asked her mom to open it up, and she saw that there was some rainbow-colored gift wrap on top of a big box. She took the gift wrapping off and saw that it was a special penguin-shaped vacuum cleaner.

Samantha had never seen a penguin vacuum cleaner before. She had seen regular grown-up vacuum cleaners that grownups could use, and they made a lot of noise and sucked up dirt on the floor. She had also even seen some kids' vacuum cleaners that you could hold with your hand. But this was Samantha's first time seeing a penguin vacuum cleaner. The penguin vacuum cleaner looked like a penguin, which is a kind of bird that can't really fly because it just has little wings and stands up on two feet. Instead of walking like a grown-up, this kind of bird, which is called a penguin, just waddles around like a toddler. So it's a pretty silly kind of bird. These kinds of birds usually are in places that are so cold, like the South Pole, but they're never normally vacuum cleaners.

Samantha asked her mom, "What is a penguin vacuum cleaner? How does it work?" Her mom told her there was a button at the top for her to press, and whenever there was a mess, she could just use her penguin vacuum cleaner to clean up the mess. Samantha was so happy.

The next day, Samantha's mom decided to take Samantha to a farm. When they got to the farm, Samantha was happy that she brought her toy vacuum cleaner with her. She got out of the car, and instead of using her stroller that day, she pushed her toy vacuum cleaner. At the farm, she saw a horse. The horse was so big, but it had a special thing on its back that kids could sit on to go for a horsey ride. Samantha went for a horsey ride, carrying her vacuum cleaner on the horse the whole time. It was pretty heavy, so they needed to strap the penguin vacuum cleaner on the horse. But Samantha still had fun on her ride.

Later, they went and saw a pet mountain lion. The pet mountain lion was really angry because it wasn't able to share, so it made a big mess of all the meat, and somebody needed to clean it. Samantha told the zookeeper, who also lived on the farm and was in charge of just the mountain lion, that she would help clean up the mess with her penguin vacuum cleaner. She pressed the on button, and suddenly her penguin vacuum cleaner started lighting up and making flashing lights. As she made the flashing lights, it made the sound of a vacuum cleaner, and it cleaned all of the mountain lion's mess up. The zookeeper and the farm owner both went over to Samantha and said that she was a special hero.

Samantha told her mom that she helped the zookeeper clean up in the mountain lion's cage. Her mom told Samantha that they should keep going on their adventure to see what's behind the farm. They walked behind the farm and saw some sheep. These sheep loved to eat grass, and they would eat grass so fast, they would go like, "NUM NUM NUM NUM NUM NUM NUM." Usually, sheep eat grass pretty slowly. But these sheep ate grass so fast that it was like as fast as a kid could eat yogurt or chocolate pudding. Samantha said, "Whoa! But look at all the sheep poop that they leave behind. I better vacuum that up." Her mom said, "That's a good idea." Samantha pressed the button, and suddenly, instead of the lights on her vacuum cleaner coming on, her vacuum cleaner turned into a live penguin.

The live penguin said, "I'm a live penguin!" Samantha said, "Mom, look! The penguin turned alive!" Samantha's mom said, "Quick, penguins need for it to be cold, and this is a hot farm. So instead of having it clean up the sheep's poop, what we should really do is get some ice so it could be icy and snowy where a penguin will like it." Samantha agreed, and they got a wheelbarrow. They put the penguin in the wheelbarrow and started pulling it with her mom away from the forest behind the farm, all the way back into the barn.

When they got into the big red barn, they opened the door, and the farm owner was waiting for them there. He told Samantha that the penguin could hang out in the bathtub. Samantha decided to take a bath with the penguin, and they both splashed about. It was a pretty cold bath because the farm owner also put some ice in the bath, which the penguin loved. There was no snow, but they still had a lot of fun.

After they got out of the bath, Samantha's mom put on her PJs, and they saw that the penguin was eating a magical plant. Most plants are green, but this magical plant was rainbow-colored and grew a special kind of fruit on it called a Daliha. The Daliha fruit was the yummiest fruit a kid had ever tasted. It had a little bit of honey, a little bit of sugar, and was juicy but didn't get you so wet. When you licked it, it tasted like ice cream, and when you bit on it, it tasted like cake. Samantha was really happy that the penguin showed her the Daliha plant, and she started to get some of the Daliha fruit. She shared the fruit with everyone who worked at the farm and even brought it to the mountain lion, who was feeling angry before. The Daliha fruit made the mountain lion feel better.

Samantha and her family came back from their adventure the next day, and they brought back their vacuum cleaner, which was still a penguin. Samantha got to live with a penguin in her house, and she also brought back some of the Daliha fruits. She shared them with all of her friends, who said, "This is the most special fruit we ever tasted, and it tastes like candy. We're so proud of you, Samantha." Samantha and her family lived happily ever after. The end.