Welcome back to makeup, the kids bedtime stories podcast. My name is Steve. I make up new stories every night without preparing to put my five year old son to bed. You should listen to another story tomorrow, but right now, we're ready for today's story. So get ready. Get tucked in. Makeup story time begin. Okay, tonight's makeup story is a request from a three year old listener whose name is Samantha. And Samantha asked for us to make up a story that includes a vacuum cleaner, a sheep, and a plant. Buddy, what else do you want to be in the story? Okay, horse. Okay, so we also want to add a horse and a mountain lion. So the story requested by Samantha, and it's going to have a vacuum, a plant, a sheep, a horse, and a mountain lion. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Samantha. And Samantha used to love to make a mess because she had a lot of fun playing things. But after she finished playing, she thought it wasn't so much fun to clean up, so Samantha would leave all of her toys on the floor. One day, Samantha's mom told Samantha that there was a box for her in the mail. And Samantha said, what is it? What is it? And her mom said, I don't know, but it has gift wrapping on it. And Samantha asked her mom to open it up. And Samantha saw that there was some rainbow colored gift wrap on top of a big box. And she took the gift wrapping off, and she saw that it was a special penguin shaped vacuum cleaner. And Samantha had never seen a Penguin vacuum cleaner before. She had seen regular grown up vacuum cleaners that grownups could use, and they make a lot of noise, and they suck up some dirt on the floor. And she'd also even seen some kids vacuum cleaners that you could hold with your hand. But this was Samantha's first time seeing a Penguin vacuum cleaner. The Penguin vacuum cleaner looks like a penguin, which is a kind of birdie that can't really fly because it just has little wings and stands up on 2ft. And instead of walking like a grown up, this kind of bird, which is called a penguin, just waddles around like a toddler. So it's a pretty silly kind of bird. And these kinds of birds usually are in places that are so cold, like the south pole, but they're never normally vacuum cleaners. Samantha said to her mom, what a Penguin vacuum cleaner? How does it work? And her mom told her there was a button at the top for her to press, and whenever there was a mess, she could just use her Penguin vacuum cleaner to clean up the mess. Samantha was so happy. Well, the next day, Samantha's mom decided to take Samantha to a farm. And when they got to the farm, samantha was happy that she brought her toy vacuum cleaner with her. So she got out of the farm. And Samantha didn't use her stroller that day. Instead, she pushed her toy vacuum cleaner. And in the farm, she saw that there was a horse. And the horse was so big, but it had a special thing on its back that kids could sit on to go for a horsey ride. And so Samantha went for a horsey ride. And she carried her vacuum cleaner on the horse the whole time. It was pretty heavy. So finally, they needed to strap the penguin vacuum cleaner on the horse. But Samantha still had fun on her ride. Later, they went and they saw that there was a pet mountain lion. And the pet mountain lion was really angry because it wasn't able to share. And so it made a big mess of all the meat and somebody needed to clean it. Well, Samantha told the zookeeper, who also lived on the farm and was in charge of just the mountain lion, that she would help clean up the mess with her Penguin vacuum cleaner. And she pressed the on button, and suddenly her Penguin vacuum cleaner started lighting up and making flashing lights. And as she made the flashing lights, it made the sound of and it cleaned all of the mountain lions mess up. And the zookeeper and the farm owner both went over to Samantha and said that she is a special hero. Well, Samantha told her mom that she helped the zookeeper clean up in the mountain lions cage. And her mom told Samantha that they should keep going on their adventure to see what's behind the farm. So they walked behind the farm and they saw that there were some sheep. And these sheep loved to eat grass. And they would eat grass so fast, they would go like, NUM NUM NUM NUM NUM NUM NUM. Usually sheep eat grass pretty slowly. But these sheep ate grass so fast that it was like as fast as a kid could eat yogurt or chocolate pudding. That's how fast these sheep could eat grass. And Samantha said whoa. But look at all the sheep poop that they leave behind. I better vacuum that up. And so her mom said, that's a good idea. And Samantha pressed the button. And suddenly, instead of the lights on her vacuum cleaner coming on her vacuum cleaner turned in to a live penguin. And the live penguin said, I'm alive, penguin. And Samantha said mom, look. The penguin turned alive. And then Samantha's mom said, quick, penguins need for it to be cold. And this is a hot farm. So instead of having it clean up the sheep's poop, what we should really do is get some ice so it could be icy and snowy where a penguin will like it. And Samantha said okay. And Samantha got a wheelbarrow. And she put her penguin in the wheelbarrow and she started pulling it with her mom away from the forest behind the farm, all the way back into the barn. When they got into the big red barn, they opened the door, and the farm owner was waiting for them there. He told Samantha that the penguin could hang out in the bathtub. And Samantha decided to take a bath with the penguin, and they both splashed about, and it was a pretty cold bath because the farm owner also put some ice in the bath, which the penguin loved. There was no snow, but they still had a lot of fun. Well, after they got out of the bath, samantha's mama put on her PJs, and they saw that the penguin was eating a magical plant. Most plants are green. This magical plant was rainbow colored, and it grew a special kind of fruit on it called a Daliha. And the Daliha fruit was the yummiest fruit a kid had ever tasted. It had a little bit of honey. It had a little bit of sugar. It was juicy, but it didn't get you so wet. And when you licked it, it tasted like ice cream. And when you bid on it, it tasted like cake. And so Samantha was really happy that the penguin showed her the delicah plant and that she started to get some of the delihaha fruit. And she shared the fruit with everyone who worked at the farm. And she even brought it to the mountain lion, who was feeling angry before, and the delihaha fruit made the mountain lion feel better. And so that was the really special plant that Samantha found. And Samantha and her family came back from their adventure the next day, and they brought back their vacuum cleaner, which was still a penguin. And Samantha got to live with a penguin in her house, and she also brought back some of the delihaha fruits, and she shared them with all of her friends. And all of her friends said, this is the most special fruit we ever tasted, and it tastes like candy, and we're so proud of you. Samantha. And Samantha and her family lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of this story. I'm going to make up a new story for you tomorrow. It's going to be a good story. Remember to tell your parents that you want to listen to the Makeup Stories podcast tomorrow. The way you tell your parents is you say, I want to listen to more makeup stories. Then you will get to listen to another story tomorrow. You should also tell your friends to listen to makeup stories. That's a good idea. See you tomorrow.