Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a very special girl named Grace. Grace had really good eyes. She was so good at seeing things that even grown-ups couldn't see. For example, when it was dark and nighttime, but she hadn't gone to bed yet, Grace could see things that even her mom and dad couldn't see. Her mom used to always tell her, "Grace, you are so good at seeing things." But Grace always wanted to be able to see through walls and inside people's skin.

Now, regular people can't see inside other people's skin, and they can't see through walls. But guess what happened. One day, Grace went and looked in her mailbox, and she saw a package. The mailman had left a package with Grace's name on it. Her mom said, "Grace, this package has your name on it." Grace saw that it was a box, and it had letters from her name on it. It looked smaller than a shoebox, but bigger than a spoon.

Grace told her mom, "We need a butter knife to open this package." Her mom got a butter knife, and they opened the package. Inside, there was some wrapping paper with pretty designs on it. They unwrapped the paper, and Grace saw something glow in the dark. Do you know what it was? It was X-ray glasses!

Grace put on her X-ray glasses, and they let her see through walls, trees, cars, school buses, and even people's skin. They were X-ray glasses, and she could see everyone's bones. This was very special.

Grace told her mom she wanted to go to the playground to try out her X-ray glasses. Her mom agreed, and they packed a snack, which included gummy bears. They also brought some water in case Grace got thirsty at the playground because gummy bears have sugar, and sugar can make kids thirsty.

When Grace got to the playground, there were no other kids or people there. So she couldn't use her X-ray glasses to see if she could see other people's bones. But she heard something say "tweet, tweet" in a tree. Then a bird started singing. Grace told her mom, "Mom, I just heard a bird sing in the tree." Her mom agreed, but she couldn't see the bird. Grace put on her X-ray glasses and looked up at the branch, and she saw the bird.

The bird made very pretty bird sounds, but it was really a hawk. The hawk was on the lookout for a mouse to eat. Grace could see inside the bird's belly, and it was empty, so the bird was hungry and looking for a mouse to eat.

Just as Grace was looking at the bird, she heard a little noise come from a hole in the ground near the playground by the grass. The hole looked like a mouse hole, and she saw a mouse come out of it. The mouse started running through the grass, and the bird swooped down, caught the mouse, and gobbled it up.

After the hawk gobbled the mouse up, Grace could see that the mouse was still alive inside the bird's belly, and she could see its skeleton moving around with her X-ray glasses. She saw that something special was happening inside the bird.

What was happening was the bird was starting to turn into a mouse because this was a special kind of mouse that, whenever something tried to eat it, it would just turn into a mouse. And then after that thing turned into a mouse, the mouse that was eaten would say, "Hey, let me go. Let me go, because I'm just another mouse." And after the hawk turned into a mouse, the mouse that the hawk ate said, "Hey, let me go. Let me go." And the hawk, which turned into a mouse, let the mouse go.

Grace saw all of this with her special X-ray glasses. She also saw that near the playground, there were some trees. Next to the trees, there were pumpkins. Some of the pumpkins had eyes, mouths, and noses. One of the pumpkins even had a blinking light.

Grace decided to walk over to a pumpkin that looked like it might have had some candy like lollipops, Kit Kats, and even more gummy bears. As she was walking, she saw through a tree with her X-ray glasses and saw a skeleton climbing up the tree.

That was a little scary because usually, you don't see skeletons climbing up a tree. But when she took off her glasses, do you know what she saw? The skeleton was really just another kid, but her X-ray glasses let her see the skeleton, and it was really just another three-year-old kid climbing up the tree.

The three-year-old kid said, "Grace, guess what." Grace asked, "What?" The other kid said, "I found candy by the pumpkin in this tree, and I was climbing it to see if there's more in a branch." Grace said, "Well, you have to be careful if you're climbing a tree." The other kid showed her steps on the side of the tree.

Grace followed the other kid up the steps, and they saw a treehouse. Grace asked her mom if they should go up the treehouse, and her mom said, "Okay." They went up the ladder into the treehouse and saw that it was covered in graham crackers. It was yummy, and they decided to eat a little bit of the treehouse.

They didn't want to take too many bites from the treehouse because they were worried it would fall down. So Grace's mom told her they should take a few bites, but they accidentally took a few too many. Then Grace had an idea.

She decided to use some of the extra candy from the pumpkin at the bottom of the tree to fix the graham cracker treehouse. She and her friend started fixing it until it was all done. Then Grace let her friend borrow the X-ray glasses, and the friend saw two mice playing and said, "Wow, I've never seen mice that were so big." Grace told her friend that one of the mice used to be a bird called a hawk.

The friend was so happy and asked Grace if they could be friends for a long time, share toys, and have lots of fun together. Grace said yes. It was getting late, so Grace and her mom decided to go home and come back to the playground to try out the X-ray glasses another day. Grace and her mom lived happily ever after. The end.

Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they'll like it.