Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. What's your name? Grace. How old are you? Three. And where do you live? In Ohio. And what city are we? Cleveland. You got it. Okay. What do you want in your story? Bird by the carpet tree. The bird turned into a mouse, and then an X ray. An X ray? What does the X ray do? The X ray climbs up the tree. Oh, goodness gracious. It's a good story for Halloween. You can see some bones. Okay. Is that it? No. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a three year old girl who lives in Cleveland, Ohio, and whose name is Grace. Grace asked for us to make up a story that includes a bird, which turns into a mouse, a magic carpet, which we also happen to have in yesterday's story a tree and an X ray. Well, we usually ask kids to ask for only three things in a story. So because we did a magic carpet in yesterday's story, today we're going to do a bird that turns into a mouse, a tree and an X ray. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a very special girl whose name was Grace. Grace had really good eyes. She was so good at seeing things that even grownups couldn't see. For example, when it was dark and it was nighttime. But she didn't go to bed yet. Grace could see things that even her mom and dad couldn't see. And her mom used to always tell Grace, grace, you are so good at seeing things. But Grace always wanted to be able to see through walls and inside people's skin. Well, regular people can't see in other people's skin, and regular people can't see through walls. But guess what happened. What? One day, Grace went and looked in her mailbox, and she saw a package. The mailman had left a package, and it said Grace's name on it. And Grace's mom said, Grace, this package says your name on it. And Grace saw that it was a box, and it had letters from her name on it. And it looked like it was smaller than a shoe box, but it was bigger than a spoon. So Grace told her mom, we need to get a butter knife so that we could open up this package. And Grace's mom got a butter knife. And they opened up the package, and there was some wrapping paper, which had pretty designs on it. And they opened up the wrapping paper, and Grace saw something glow in the dark. And do you know what it was? It was X ray glasses. And Grace put on her X ray glasses, and the X ray glasses let her see through walls, through trees, through cars, through school buses, and through people's skin. They were X ray glasses, and she could see everyone's bones. This was very special. So Grace told her mom she wanted to go outside to the playground to try out her X ray glasses. Her mom said, okay. And they packed a snack, which included gummy Bears. And they also got some water in case Grace got thirsty when she was at the playground, because gummy Bears have sugar, and sugar could make kids thirsty. Well, when Grace got to the playground, there were no other kids there and no other people. So she couldn't use her X ray glasses to see if she could see other people's bones. But she heard something say tweet, tweet in the tree. And then a bird started singing. And it went like and Grace said to her mom, mom, I just heard a bird sing in the tree. And her mom said, yeah, but her mom couldn't see the bird. Grace put on her X ray glasses and looked up at the branch, and she saw there was a bird. Now, the bird made very pretty bird sounds, but it was really a hawk. And the hawk was on the lookout for a mouse to eat. And Grace was able to see inside the birdie's belly, and his belly was empty, so the birdie was hungry, and it was looking for a mouse to eat. Well, just as Grace was looking at the bird, she heard a little noise come from a hole in the ground near the playground by the grass. The hole looked like a mouse hole, and she saw a mouse come out of the mouse hole, and the mouse started running through the grass, and the bird swooped down, and it caught the mouse, and it gobbled the mouse up. Well, the hawk after the hawk gobbled the mouse up, do you know what Grace could see? The mouse was still alive inside the birdie's belly, and she could see its skeleton moving around using her X ray glasses. And she saw that something was happening that was special inside the bird. Well, what was happening was the bird was starting to turn into a mouse, because this was a special kind of mouse that whenever something tried to eat it, it would just turn into a mouse. And then after that thing turned into a mouse, then the mouse that it ate would say, hey, let me go. Let me go, because I'm just another mouse. And after the hawk turned into a mouse, the mouse that the hawk ate said, hey, let me go. Let me go. And the hawk, which turned into a mouse, let the mouse go. And Grace was able to see all of this with her special X ray glasses. And she also saw that near the playground, there were some trees. And next to the trees, there were pumpkins. Some of the pumpkins had eyes in them, and some of the pumpkins had mouths, and some of them had noses. And one of the pumpkins even had a blinking light. Well, Grace decided she would walk over to a pumpkin that looked like it might have had some candy like Lollipops and Kit Kat and even more Gummy Bears. And she walked over to that pumpkin. But as she was walking, she saw through the tree with her X ray glasses, and she saw that there was a skeleton climbing up the tree. Well, that was a little scary because usually you don't see skeletons climbing up a tree. But when she took off her glasses, do you know what she saw? The skeleton was really just a different kid, but her X ray glasses let her see the skeleton, and it was really just another three year old kid who was climbing up the tree. And the three year old kid said, Grace, Grace, guess what. And Grace said what? And the other three year old kid said, I found candy by the pumpkin in this tree, and I was climbing it to see if there's more in a branch. And Grace said, well, you have to be careful if you're climbing a tree. And the other three year old said, look, there's steps on this side of the tree. And Grace followed the other three year old up the steps, and they saw there was a treehouse on the tree. Grace asked her mom if they should go up the treehouse, and her mom said, okay. And they went up the ladder to go into the treehouse. And they saw that the treehouse was covered in graham crackers. There were yummy. They eat the treehouse. So they decided they would probably eat a little bit of the treehouse. But they decided not to take NUM NUM NUM numb too many bites from the treehouse, because if they did, they were worried it would fall down. So Grace's mom and then they accidentally ate too many? Well, no. So Grace's mom told Grace that they should take a few bites, and they took a few too many bites. But then Grace had an idea. She decided to use some of the extra candy that was in the pumpkin on the bottom of the tree to fix up the graham cracker treehouse. And she and her other three year old friend started to do that until it was all fixed. And then Grace let her friend borrow the X ray glasses, and the friend who borrowed the X ray glasses saw two mice playing about and said, wow, I was never able to see mice that were so big. And Grace told her friend that one of the mice used to be a bird called a hawk. And the friend was so happy and asked Grace if they could be friends for a long time and give each other toys and have a lot of fun together. And Grace said yes. Well, it was getting late, so Grace and her mom decided to go home and come back to the playground to try out the X ray glasses. A different day. And Grace and her mom lived happily ever after. The End tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.