Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a boy named Chimmy. Jimmy lived in a city called San Francisco, and he lived near some trolley cars and big buildings. Jimmy asked his mama how ChuChu trains work. His mama said, "I don't know." Jimmy said, "Should we ask a train conductor?" And Jimmy's mama said, "That is a good idea." So Jimmy and his mama went to the train station, and they waited for a train to come. At last, a train finally came puffing into the station, and it said, "Juju." Chimmy's mama said, "Let's go on the train to ask the conductor how trains work." And Chimmy said, "Okay."

When they got on the train, Chimmy and his mama went to the conductor. The conductor was in front of the train, and he was wearing a special train conductor suit and a train conductor hat. Jimmy asked the conductor how the ChuChu train worked. The conductor said he couldn't tell him now because he had to drive the train. But the conductor said that Jimmy could have a lollipop and that he would tell him after the train stopped. So Jimmy and his mama waited on the train, and the train went on a lot of train tracks next to some water. The train also went through a forest, and it went all the way to a beach. Finally, it went through a tunnel, and it stopped at an amusement park.

In the amusement park, it looked like there were such fun rides to go on. The conductor said that now that the train was stopped, he could tell him how trains worked. The conductor helped everybody get off the train. And then the conductor helped Chimmy and his mama also get off the train. He showed Jimmy that the train has to stay on special train tracks and that the train tracks are made of metal and that they're so hard and they're usually so straight. The conductor also showed Jimmy the train's wheels. The conductor showed Jimmy that car wheels are round, but the train wheels are also roundish. But they also look a little bit like an ice cream cone in the middle, so they're not all the way round. And he said that because the train wheels are shaped like that, it helps the train stay on the track when it has to go around turns. And Jimmy said that there are so, so many train wheels. And the conductor said, "Yeah, because the train has to carry a lot of heavy things, so so many wheels help it." The conductor also showed Jimmy that the wheels are held together by long metal sticks.

Jimmy asked how the train goes, and the conductor said that the train has a fire in it and that the fire boils some water. And when the water boils, the white stuff on top of that water, which looks like a cloud, makes the fan turn. Chimmy asked if that was smoke. And the conductor said that it looks like smoke, but it's called steam. And Chimmy said, "What does it do?" And the conductor said that that steam makes a fan on top of it turn round and round. And that fan is connected to a lot of different things. And then those things are connected to the sticks on the wheels and so that the boiling water makes the wheels turn.

Chimmy asked his mama if they could go on a ride in the amusement park. And his mama said that they could. Jimmy saw a big fun swing ride that was blue and pink and yellow, and it looked like it was so much fun. And his mama said that he could go on that ride. Jimmy went on the ride and saw that they had yummy candy in the amusement park, and he asked his mama if he could have some cotton candy. Cotton candy is sweet and it tastes like sugar. Chimmy's mama said that he could have some if they shared it. And Chimmy said that they would share. So his mama gave him cotton candy, and Chimmy and his mama lived happily ever after. The end.