Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old boy whose name was TSV. TSV lived in a desert, and he was the expert in the whole desert at making sand castles. He could make anything that he wanted out of sand in the desert, including sand trees. This desert was called the Negative Desert. In the Negative Desert, TSV used to be able to make almost anything he wanted out of sand, except for clouds.

One day, TSV decided to use his shovel to shape the sand into a computer. To his surprise, it turned into a real computer! It just looked like sand, but it had a real screen and everything. TSV opened it up and put it on a sand table that he had made. He discovered that it was a magic computer. The way it worked was, when you opened up the computer, if you were a kid, all you had to do was think about what movie or cartoon you wanted to be on the computer, and then it would play all by itself.

TSV started thinking about various movies and cartoons, and they all began to play on the computer. The magic computer's screen even allowed the characters from the movies to come out of it. When TSV thought about Frozen, Elsa came out. Elsa found the desert too hot and sandy, so she turned the whole thing into ice. Many people were happy because the desert was too hot for them, but TSV was sad because he couldn't do his magic on the sand anymore.

TSV figured out a way to dig under the ice and get his magic computer. He imagined a dragon cartoon, and a baby dragon came out of the magical computer. The baby dragon started breathing fire all over the ice that was covering up the magical sand in the magic desert, and all of the ice turned into water. TSV was able to use his magical sand again.

Elsa, realizing it was too hot again, decided to make an igloo. The dragon went inside the igloo but decided not to put fire on it. Elsa and Princess Anna came too, and they all became friends with the dragon. The dragon suggested making half of the desert hot and the other half cold and frozen. TSV had to decide whether to agree with this plan.

TSV decided to make half of the desert hot and half of the desert cold. He also agreed that during nighttime, the desert would be cold, and during the daytime, it could be hot. TSV then made a line in the desert to divide the regular sand and the ice. However, the line was so long that a camel couldn't take him from one side to the other. TSV had an idea: he brought up his magic computer and asked for a cartoon with a cheetah.

A cheetah came out of the magical computer and offered TSV a ride. TSV held on to the back of the cheetah, and they went speeding through the desert. The cheetah started to get tired, so TSV picked up his laptop and imagined a race car. A race car came out of his computer, and the cheetah and TSV went in the race car. TSV made sure it was a power wheels kind that kids could drive.

The race car got stuck in the middle of the sand, so TSV needed to trade it in for a Jeep power wheels. They went the rest of the way through the desert in the Jeep Power wheels, and the race car went back into the magic computer. After they got to the other side of the Negative Desert, there were so many people cheering for TSV because he made such a good decision, and everyone was happy.

TSV decided to bring his magic computer home because he might want to make more cartoon characters and movie people real. He lived happily ever after, and soon he turned six years old. The end.