You welcome to make top stories. This is Rory from Scotland. I live in Israel, and I'm five years old, and I will make a story about a dragon and a magical computer and a cheetah. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old boy whose name is TSV and who lives in Israel. TV is turning six years old on December 16, which isn't a week from now. And so we want to wish Svi a happy birthday. And Svi asked for us to make up a story that includes a dragon, a magic computer, and a cheetah. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old boy whose name was TSV T. SV lived in a desert, and he was the expert in the whole desert at making sand castles. And did you have a question about the desert, bud? Was he able to make sand claws? Yes. And he could make anything that he wanted out of sand in the desert. But he can make sand sand trees. He could make sand trees, too. And this is called the Negative Desert. No, he couldn't do sand clouds. And in the Negative Desert, spy used to be able to make anything he wanted out of sand, almost anything, because clouds didn't work. SV decided to use his shovel to shape the sand into a computer. And do you know what happened, what turned into a real computer? And then SV opened up the computer that he made out of sand. And when he opened he knows how to open. Yeah, it automatically turned into a real computer. It just looked like sand, but it had a real screen and everything. So TV opened it up, and he put it on the table that was right in front of him. Yeah, he made a sand table, too. It gets hard after you make it. And SV opened up his computer, and he saw that it was a magic computer. The way it worked is, when you opened up the computer, if you were a kid, all you had to do is think about what movie or what cartoon you wanted to be on the computer, and then it would play all by itself. And so SPIE started thinking, I want frozen. And do you know what happened? What? Frozen started to play on the computer? Yeah. And then he said, I want Paw Patrol, and Paw Patrol started to play, and he said, Top Wings and Cars and whatever movie. And he said, Wheels on the bus. Whatever SPIE would think of would really go on the computer that he made out of sand. And it wasn't even a regular computer screen, because the way that this computer screen worked is that the characters from the movie were able to go out of it. And so when SV was thinking about Frozen, do you know who came out? Elsa. Elsa came out. And Elsa was like, this is a desert. This is way too hot for me, and it's too sandy, and there's not enough snow. And Elsa came out to the desert that SV was in, and she turned the whole thing into ice. And ice was on top of the whole desert, and she said, There. Now it's better, because it was too hot for her before. And a lot of people were so happy because the desert was just too hot for them. But SV was sad. Should I tell you why? Why? Because he couldn't do his magic on the sand anymore. Because the sand was under the ice that Elsa from Frozen made, and so was his computer. So he couldn't easily get the computer, but he figured out a way to dig under the ice and get his magic computer. And in his magic computer, he said he imagined a dragon cartoon. And do you know what happened? Dragons came. A baby dragon came out of TSV's magical computer. He made the ice turn back into the desert. Yes. And then the baby dragon started breathing fire all over the ice that was covering up the magical sand in the magic desert. And all of the ice turned into water. And then SV was able to use his magical sand again. How about Elsa? And then Elsa was like, oh, no. Now it's too hot again because there's no more ice. And Elsa decided to make an igloo. And she went poof and automatically made an igloo. Did the dragon fire it? And then the dragon was like, OOH, I've never seen an igloo before. So you know what he did? He went inside the igloo. No. And then he tried from the inside to fire it. But do you know what happened? It started leaking all over on him. So the dragon decided, better not to put fire on the igloo. Yeah. And then Princess Elsa went in the igloo. And Princess Anna came, too. Well, no, because they made it cold again. And the dragon was actually starting to be their friend. And the dragon said, how about we make half of the desert hot, and we make the other half of the desert cold and frozen? And Princess Anna and Princess Elsa thought about that, and they said, SV, what should we do? And SV had to make a decision. SV had to decide, should half of the desert be hot? Because that's what the dragon wants, and half of the desert be cold, because that's what Princess Elsa and Princess Anna want. And do you know what SV decided? Yes. What do you think he decided? Yes. He decided that he would make half of the desert hot and half of the desert cold. And he made another agreement. He said that during nighttime, the desert will get to be cold, and during the daytime, it could be hot. So if, like, Princess Elsa and Anna want to play, it's a good time to play at nighttime. But during the day, and middle of the day, they should go into their igloo, and it'll be on the frozen part of the desert. And so Princess Anna and Elsa decided that was a fair deal. And SV said, okay. But there was a problem. There's a line of where the ice was in the desert now and where the sand was, because Svi had to divide it in two. He made a line in between the regular sand and the ice. And because he made that sand, it was such a far line, a camel couldn't take him from one side to the other. And so, sometimes camels are used to go marching through deserts, but it was too long for even a camel to go, and it would have taken too much time. So TSV had an idea. TV brought up his magic computer, and do you know what cartoon he asked for? What? One with a cheetah. And then a Cheetah came out of the magical computer, and the Cheetah asked Spy if he wanted a ride, and Spy said, okay. And Spy held on on the back of the Cheetah. And the Cheetah went speed, fast, zooming to the he gets hired. He went speed, fast, zooming to the other side of the desert, of the Negab Desert. But the Cheetah started to get tired, and so SV picked up his laptop and imagined a race car. And a race car came out of his computer, and the Cheetah and SPIE went in the race car, and SPI made sure it was like a power wheels kind that kids could drive. And he drove the race car has, like, a little strong back for the Cheetah, yeah, but has a strong place for the Cheetah to go. And Spy went with the Cheetah in his Power Wheels race car to the other side of the desert, and he made sure, because his wheels are not very grippy and stuff. Well, it did get stuck. The race car got stuck in middle of the sand, and so TV needed to trade it in for Jeep power wheels. And then they went the rest of the way through the desert in a Jeep Power wheels, and the race car went back in the magic computer. And after they got to the other side of the negative desert, there were so many people that were cheering for SV because he made such a good decision, and everyone was happy. And SV decided to bring his magic computer home because he decided he might want to make more cartoon characters and movie people real. And so TV brought his computer back home, and he lived happily ever after. And soon he turned six years old. The End you don't let you into makeup TOWIE tell all your friends thank you. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening. Need to make up stops.