Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Bennett and Hannah. Bennett and Hannah loved to eat yummy fruits like strawberries and grapes. But sometimes, when it came to vegetables, they decided they'd rather not eat them. One day, Bennett found a glow-in-the-dark magnifying glass in his mailbox. He brought it inside his house, and his mom said that Bennett and Hannah could take turns using the magnifying glass during dinner.

That night, their mom cooked broccoli for dinner. Bennett and Hannah each had some broccoli on their plates as they sat at the table. Bennett asked if he could use the magnifying glass first, and his mom agreed, reminding him to share with Hannah. Bennett placed the magical magnifying glass over his plate and looked at his broccoli. To his surprise, the broccoli appeared to be growing!

Bennett and Hannah had an idea. They asked their mom if they could plant some broccoli in their backyard and see what happened the next day. Their mom agreed, and they planted some broccoli in their pajamas before going to sleep. That night, Bennett and Hannah listened to a bedtime story and drifted off to sleep.

The next morning, when Bennett and Hannah woke up, they looked outside their window and saw a whole forest of giant broccoli trees! The broccoli forest spread throughout their backyard and beyond, covering the roads and highways. It was a yummy problem!

In the magical broccoli forest, there were ladybugs playing jump rope and fireflies with siren colors like ambulances and police cars. There was even a dump truck filled with sand that crashed into a broccoli tree, creating the biggest sandbox in the world. Kids from all over Louisville, Kentucky, came to play in the magical broccoli forest and the giant sandbox.

But soon, the kids discovered spiders with octopus legs all over the broccoli forest. One of the spiders made a huge web that connected a hundred different broccoli trees together. Caught in the web were a unicorn and a fairy, both calling for help.

The kids asked Bennett and Hannah to use their magic magnifying glass to find a solution. As they searched the ground in the magical broccoli forest, they found a caterpillar holding an umbrella and wearing a raincoat. Hannah wondered if it might be a magic caterpillar, and as they watched, it transformed into a butterfly.

The butterfly then turned into a fighting transformer with five arms, a mouth as big as a car, and a foot as big as a city bus. It declared that it fought for good and was an expert at eating octopus spider webs. The transformer freed the fairy and the unicorn by eating all the spider webs connecting the broccoli trees.

All the kids cheered for Bennett and Hannah, who had saved the day. They went home and told their parents what had happened, and their parents were so proud. Bennett and Hannah lived happily ever after. The end.