Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime womb is I'm Bennett. I'm about to turn six, and I have a sister named Hannah who's about to turn four. We live in Louisville, Kentucky. I would like a makeup story that includes a unicorn, a fairy, and a fighting transformer. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from two kids who are brother and sister, and one's name is Bennett, and he's five years old and turning six in two weeks. And Bennett's sister is named Hannah. And Hannah is three years old and is going to turn four years old in two weeks. So happy birthday to both Bennett and Tanna. Bennett and Hannah live in Louisville, Kentucky, and they asked for us to make up a story that includes a unicorn, a fairy and a fighting transformer. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Bennett and Hannah. Bennett and Hannah used to always love to eat yummy fruit like strawberries and grapes. But sometimes when it came to vegetables, they decided they'd rather not eat it. One day, Bennett looked in his mailbox and he saw that a magnifying glass came and the magnifying glass was glow in the dark. He brought it inside his house. And his mom said that because it was a new toy, bennett and Hannah could take turns using the magnifying glass during dinner. And that dinner. Do you know what vegetable Bennett and Hannah's mama cooked for dinner? It was broccoli. Now, Bennett had some broccoli on his dinner plate, and they were sitting at the table. And Hannah had some broccoli on her dinner plate, and she was also sitting at the table. And Bennett said, Can I use the magnifying glass first? And Bennett's mama said, okay, but make sure to give it to Hannah after. And Bennett took the magical magnifying glass and he put it right on top of his plate. And he looked through the magnifying glass at his broccoli. And do you know what he saw? What? He saw that the broccoli was getting bigger. The broccoli on his plate, which you could only see through. The magnifying glass was really growing. Now, usually, broccoli is a vegetable that looks like little trees and it's green. But it doesn't grow after it's on a plate. So Bennett and Hannah had an idea. They told their mom that they should plant some outside in their backyard and then see what happened tomorrow. So Bennett and Hannah's mom said, okay, there is some extra broccoli. And they planted some broccoli in their backyard while they were in pajamas before they went to sleep. And then Bennett and Hannah listened to a makeup story and they went to sleep. The next morning, when Bennett and Hannah woke up, it was getting close to their birthday. And they looked outside of the window. And do you know what they saw? What? They saw a whole forest of broccoli trees that grew in their backyard. And the broccoli trees spread, and it wasn't just in their backyard. It was in all the houses and buildings near them. And it got to be even a bigger broccoli forest. And each broccoli tree was as big as the tallest tree in the world, a redwood tree. And the broccoli forest went all over the roads, and it went all over the highways. It was a yummy problem. But the broccoli forest seemed a little bit magical, because in the broccoli forest, there were ladybugs who would play jump rope, and the ladybugs would jump up and down, and then a different ladybug would have a rope go up e and downey and round and round so the ladybugs could jump. And there were fireflies that were able to have siren colors, like an ambulance or a police car. And the fireflies would be flying through the broccoli forest and make red lights and green lights and blue lights and lots of different color lights. And there was a dump truck that was going through the broccoli forest, but the dump truck crashed into a broccoli tree. And do you know what was in the dump truck? What? Sand. There was so much sand in the dump truck, and it all spilled out. Trees growled in that sand, and it turned into the biggest sandbox in the world. And kids from all over Louisville, Kentucky, went into the magical broccoli forest to see the ladybugs playing jump rope and the colorful fireflies. Yes. And they sometimes tried to catch ladybugs, and they also played in the biggest sandbox in the world. No. But soon, all of the kids started to say spider, spider. Because there were spiders that had octopus legs that were all over the broccoli forest. And one of the spiders made such a big spider web that it connected a hundred different broccoli trees together. And do you know what got stuck in the octopus spider web? A unicorn and a fairy. And the unicorn and the fairy were saying, help, help. We're stuck in the octopus spider's web because the spider looked like a spider, but its legs were kind of like an octopus legs, and it could make such strong spider webs. The spider web is just made to catch like normal flies, but bigger than normal flies. The spider web could catch unicorns and fairies, because fairies have, like, butterfly wings, so they could also get stuck in spider webs. Well, Hannah saw the first fairy. The fairy was stuck in a spider web. And the fairy said, I dropped my magic wand, and I can't use magic to get me out of the spider web. And the unicorn said, my horn is all caught up in this octopus spider web. Can any kids help me get out? And all of the kids who were playing in the sandbox said, bennett and Hannah, we need your help because you had a magic magnifying glass. And Bennett and Hannah went back inside their house and they grabbed the magic magnifying glass and they brought it outside and they started looking on the ground to see if there was anything that could help. Well, while Bennett and Hannah were looking on the ground in the magical broccoli forest, they saw a caterpillar. And the caterpillar was holding up an umbrella, and it was wearing a raincoat. They had never seen a caterpillar holding up an umbrella and wearing a raincoat first, and it wasn't even raining. So Hannah said, do you think this might be a magic caterpillar? And Bennett said, I think so. And they looked at the caterpillar, and suddenly the caterpillar turned into a butterfly. And Bennett said, well, this caterpillar can transform. And just as it turned into a butterfly. Yeah, but it's kind of normal for a caterpillar to turn into a butterfly because they make a chrysalis, and after that, there's a couple of weeks pass by and then the butterfly. Yeah, it's normal for a caterpillar to turn into a butterfly because they make a chrysalis and then a couple of weeks pass by and they turn into a butterfly. But once this caterpillar turned into a butterfly, the butterfly was wearing a long, tall hat and it was holding a magic wand, and it was able to talk and it said, we kabaka kambunka bagaham wagaham shumbabam. And suddenly it turned into a fighting transformer. It said it was good and it only fought for good reasons. And it had five arms. And the fighting transformer that used to be a caterpillar, that used to be a butterfly had a mouth that was as big as a car, and it had a foot that was as big as a city bus. And it said that it was an expert at eating up octopus spider spider webs, and it ate up all of the spider webs that were connecting from the broccoli trees, and it freed the fairy and unicorn. And all of the kids started cheering for Bennett and Hannah, because they are the ones that found that. And Bennett and Hannah decided to go back home when all the kids were so happy and they told their parents what happened. And their parents were so proud. And Bennett and Hannah lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. For instructions on how to request a story, visit facebook.com makeup stories.