Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived in an old-fashioned town on a cobblestone street. Their house was white and made of cement. Every morning, they would hear people shout, "Agacantes! Agukantes!" When they looked outside, they would see a man with a chicken. He would hold the chicken up on top of his head, and then out of the chicken would come a golden egg. The man would put the golden egg in a basket and walk around the cobblestone streets, shouting, "Agua! Kantes! Aguacantes!" He would then hand out the golden eggs from the chicken to whoever wanted them.

All the kids in town, including Jonah and Jesse, would wake up early to get a golden egg. Inside the eggs was a little chocolate car. Sometimes the chocolate was hollow, and there was a toy inside. Jonah and Jesse would try to get a golden egg every morning, but sometimes their parents didn't want them to eat the chocolate before breakfast or school. So they would save the golden egg for a snack after school.

One day, Jonah had an idea. He thought they should save the golden eggs instead of eating the chocolate. Jesse said, "But I want to eat my chocolate every day." Jonah replied, "Well, maybe it's good for the house to have these golden eggs." So they started saving the golden eggs in a corner of the house where the wood floor met the cement wall.

For three weeks, they saved the golden eggs. Each day, the eggs would sink a little deeper into the wooden floor. One morning, all the eggs had disappeared into the floor. Jesse looked out his window and saw that their house had grown golden wings! The house was flying up in the air, far away from the man with the chicken and the basket of golden eggs.

As the house flew higher and higher, the electricity stopped working because the wings had torn the wires from the street. There was a blackout. Jesse turned on his flashlight to help everyone see. When he did, the flashlight changed shape, became round like a ball, and turned into a mini sun.

The mini sun floated around the house, lighting up any room that was too dark. But Jesse noticed they were getting really high, higher than the clouds, and he didn't know how to make the house stop flying. Jonah thought that maybe if he tickled one of the golden wings, the house would start to go down. So he reached out the window and tickled a wing. The wing disappeared, and the house started to fall.

Jesse had an idea. He had one extra golden egg. As the house was falling, he touched the golden egg, and the wing came back. The house started flying up again. Jonah realized that he had to touch the wing for it to go away. That's how they got the house to fly back down. Jonah would touch the wings, the wings would disappear, the house would fall a little bit, and then Jesse would touch the golden egg, and the wings would grow again.

They did this until the house landed back where it was supposed to go. The whole town cheered for Jonah and Jesse because they were the first ones to figure out that the golden eggs with chocolate and toys inside were also magical and could make houses grow wings. And Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.