Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids whose names were Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse lived in an olden days town on a cobblestone street. They had a house that was white and made of cement. And next to them on the street every morning, they would hear people shout, "Agacantes! Agukantes!" And whenever they would look outside in the morning, they would see a man with a chicken. He would hold the chicken up on top of his head, and then out of the chicken would come a golden egg. The man would put the golden egg in a basket, and he would walk around the cobblestone streets in the morning, shouting, "Agua! Kantes! Aguacantes!" He would then hand out the golden eggs from the chicken that he held over his head to whoever wanted them.

Everyone in that town, including Jonah and Jesse, used to get up in the morning because those golden eggs, if you opened them up, had a little car made of chocolate. The kids could eat the chocolate, and sometimes the chocolate was hollow inside, and there was a toy inside the chocolate. The toy could be a race car or different kinds of things. Jonah and Jesse would wake up every morning and try to get one of the golden eggs in time. Sometimes their parents didn't want them to eat the chocolate before breakfast time and before they went to school. So they would have to save up the golden egg and only open it after they got home from school and could have a little snack.

All the kids in this town loved to eat the chocolate that was in these golden eggs. But one day, Jonah had an idea. He thought that if they didn't eat the chocolate inside the golden eggs, and instead, they were supposed to save them up and put them in a certain part of the house. Jesse said, "But I want to eat my chocolate every day." Jonah replied, "Well, maybe it's good for the house to have these golden eggs." So Jesse and Jonah, every morning when they got their golden eggs, instead of eating the golden eggs, they would put them in a corner of the house, right where the wood on the floor met the cement on the wall.

They lined up those golden eggs every day for three weeks. Every day when Jonah and Jesse woke up and looked at the eggs, they would see that the golden eggs would fall into the wooden floor a little bit more, sinking deeper and deeper. One day when Jonah and Jesse got up, they saw that all the eggs had disappeared and fallen into the wooden floor. Jesse looked out his window and heard the man say, "Aguacantes! Aguacantes!" But when he heard the man say that, Jesse saw that there were golden wings on his house. The house was flying up in the air, far away from the man on the street below them with the chicken held above his head and the basket of golden eggs that he would give to all the families.

Jesse and Jonah's house kept flying so high in the air. Because houses get electricity from wires in the streets, the electricity stopped getting to the house because the wings of the house tore off the wires when it flew up. There was a blackout. Jesse turned on his flashlight to save everyone from the blackout while his house was just flying. When Jesse turned on his flashlight, the shape of the flashlight changed, and it went out of his hand. The flashlight became round, like a soccer ball or a tennis ball, and it became so light and so hot that it looked like it had fire in it, and it became a mini sun.

As the house was flying and flapping its wings, whenever somebody said, "It's too dark here," the sun that used to be Jesse's flashlight would float around the house, through the doors, past the hallways, all the way to whatever room the person who said, "It's too dark in," was in. And then it would become light because that flashlight had turned into a sun. But Jesse noticed that they were getting really high. They were getting higher than the clouds, and he wanted the house to park, and he didn't know how to.

Jonah decided that the wings, the golden wings that the house grew, were probably from the golden eggs that they saved up and that they put on the wooden floor. He thought maybe if he tickled the wing, then the wing would start to go down. So Jonah put his hand out the window, and he started to tickle one of the wings that was flapping. Jonah saw that when he touched it, the wing disappeared, and the house started to fall. That's when Jesse had an idea. He had one extra golden egg. So when the house was falling and Jonah was like, "Oh no, we need the wing to come back," Jesse touched the other golden egg, and the wing came back. And then it started flapping up.

Jonah realized that he had to touch the wing or tickle it for it to go away. That's how Jesse and Jonah ended up getting the house to fly back down. Jonah would touch the wings, the wings would disappear, the house would fall a little bit, and then Jesse would touch the golden egg, and the wings would grow again, and they would flap up. And then Jonah would touch the wings, and they would fall down. And then Jesse would touch the golden egg, and the wings would reappear and flap until finally, Jonah and Jesse saved the day, and they got their house to land back where it was supposed to go.

After their house landed back where it was supposed to go, the whole town was looking. They cheered for Jonah and Jesse because they were the first ones to figure out that those golden eggs that had chocolate inside them and all sorts of special things were also a magical instrument that had houses grow wings. And Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.