Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old girl named Nana. One day, Nana was watching a cartoon on her mama's laptop. In the cartoon, there was some singing and a pet store. The pet store in the cartoon had an open sign, and there was a magical door that kids could open by touching the laptop screen. When they did, they could go right into the cartoon!

Nana was watching a cartoon about a silly pet store, and then she became part of it. Do you know what was so silly about this pet store? Well, there were some regular animals like bunny rabbits, kitty cats, and puppies. But the magic pet store was also magical!

The magical pet store had little lions that were as small as kitty cats, elephants as big as mice, and giraffes made out of gold. The giraffes had necks that twisted around like a candy cane and were only as big as a grasshopper.

In this magic pet store, all of the animals were very friendly with each other. The little lions were nice, the tiny elephants were fun to play with, and the giraffes loved to dance and play ring around a rosy.

Nana asked her mom if she could buy one of the giraffes from the pet store to bring home, and her mama said okay. So, Nana and her mom paid some magic money to the pet store owner, who reminded Nana to feed the giraffe special kibbles and that it liked to poop outside.

The little giraffe went with Nana and her mama back through the laptop screen and into their living room. Nana's mom was really surprised because she didn't know that animals could come out of cartoons. But there was the little giraffe with the twisted candy cane neck!

Nana and her mom decided to call their friends over to see the giraffe. The friends all watched the silly giraffe do ring around a rosy, cartwheels, and somersaults.

Nana wanted to take the special little giraffe and her friends to a magical park in the cartoon. But when they tried to go back into the cartoon, Nana's mom's computer was out of batteries. So, they plugged it in and tried again.

While they were waiting, the giraffe got hungry and ate all the yogurt in the refrigerator, making a mess on the floor. Nana called the giraffe over, but they couldn't go back into the cartoon. They tried using the giraffe's tail to press buttons on the computer, and it worked!

Nana, the giraffe, and her friends went back into the cartoon and visited the pet store. Nana told the pet store owner that she would come back and visit another day, but it was a lot of work to have the giraffe live in her house and not in the cartoon. The pet store owner said okay, and Nana's friends got to see the other magical animals too.

Then, Nana and her friends went back to her house and played together. Nana and her friends lived happily ever after. The end. Don't forget to share this story with your friends, because they'll like it too!