Welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime wampies. I'm nana. I'm four years old. I'm from French, California. Can you please tell me a story about a pet store? It it and a magical park and a golden giraffe. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old girl who lives in fremont, california, and whose name is nana. And nana asked for us to make up a story that includes a pet store, a golden giraffe, and a magical park. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four year old girl whose name was nana. Nana was watching a cartoon on her mama's laptop one day, and in the cartoon, there was some singing, and there was a pet store. And the pet store in the cartoon on nana's mama's laptop had an open sign, and there was a real door that you could open even from the laptop. Kids could touch the laptop screen and open the door up and go into and you went into the cartoon. Bud. You could just walk into a laptop computer screen and walk right into the cartoon. And nana was watching a cartoon about a silly pet store, and then she became part of it. And do you know what was so silly about this pet store? What? Well, there were some regular animals in the pet store. Like, the pet store had bunny rabbits, and the bunny rabbits were just regular bunny rabbits. They were, like soft and fluffy. And the pet store also had kitty cats. And the kitty cats were so cute, and they were kittens, and they'd love to be petted. And there were also little dogs like puppies. And those were a lot of regular things in the magic pet store. But the magic pet store was magical. And the magical pet store also had little lions. They made the lion. There was a certain way in the cartoon where they made the lions as small as a kitty cat. And in the pet store, you could get a pet lion that was about as big as a kitty cat. And they also had elephants in the pet store. And the elephants were only as big as a mouse. So that's another special thing in the pet store. And they also had giraffes. And the giraffes in the pet store were made out of gold, but they could move just like real giraffes. And do you know what happened about their neck? Bud? Their neck twisted around like a candy cane, and it pointed down. And the giraffes were not so very tall. They were only about as big as a grasshopper. And this magic pet store, all of the animals were very friendly with each other. So the little lions that were as big as kitty cats were really nice lions. And the elephants, which were so small, only as big as a mouse, those were still really fun elephants to play with. And the giraffes, even though they had twisted necks that looked like a candy cane neck. The giraffes really loved to do wring around a rosy and to dance around and fall down because these were very silly giraffes. Well, nana decided to ask her mom if she could buy one of the giraffes from the pet store to bring home, and her mama said, okay. And so, nana, did they go into the cartoon? Well, yeah. Nana's mom was in the cartoon with her and nana, and his mom said, okay. And so they went to the pet store owner, and they said, here you go. Here's some money that we saved up in our piggy bank. And nana and her mom paid some magic money to the pet store owner, and the pet store owner said, here's your giraffe. Do you remember that you have to feed him two times a day, and he likes to eat a special kind of giraffe kibbles? And nana said, okay. And the pet store owner also said that the giraffe likes to poop outside by himself. And nana said, okay. Well, the little teensy weency giraffe went in nana and her mama's car, and nana and her mama nana's mama drove nana out of the cartoon. They drove out of the cartoon, out of the computer screen, back into their living room, and then they got out of their car, and they were magically just sitting down on the couch watching the cartoon, and the giraffe was with them. And the giraffe was like, whoa, how did I get out of the computer, and how did I get here with you, nana and with your mom? And nana's mom was really surprised because she didn't know that animals could come out of cartoons. But there the giraffe with the twisted candy cane neck was, and it was a little giraffe. And so nana told her mom they should probably call so many of their friends over so all of their friends could see. And so nana's mom said, that's a good idea. And nana called all of her friends, and they all met outside, and they all watched the silly, silly giraffe do ring around a rosy and fall down all by himself. And the giraffe liked to do cartwheels and somersaults and lots of acrobatic tricks. Well, nana told her friends that she wanted to go with the special little giraffe, which was made of gold, to a magical park. And her friends thought that was a good idea. And so nana brought all of her friends, and they marched single file back into nana's living room. And when they were in the living room, nana told her mom to put the cartoon back on. And her mom said that her computer was out of batteries and that the cartoon wouldn't work. So then nana said, mom, can you plug in your computer so that we could watch more of the cartoon? And nana's mom said, okay. And they plugged in nana's mom's computer. But weren't the giraffe. It's filled? Yes. They plugged in the computer. And then nana said, okay, mom put on that cartoon, and the mom put on the cartoon. But do you know what happened in the meantime? The giraffe was getting kind of hungry, and the giraffe had opened up nana's refrigerator and also nana's mom's refrigerator, and it ate up all the yogurt. And giraffes are kind of messy eaters, and so there was yogurt puddle on the floor in the kitchen. But didn't flies come to the rescue? Yes, and a lot of flies were surrounding the little candy cane golden necked giraffe, and they were starting to eat some of the yogurt that was on the floor. And nana said, no, giraffe, come here. Come here, because we need to go back into the cartoon with all of my friends. And the giraffe hurried on up to where nana was, and nana tried to walk into the cartoon screen again, but guess what happened? It did not work. The giraffe could go in. So then Anna said, well, how about maybe the giraffe can just go in by itself? And the giraffe knocked on nana's mama's laptop screen, and nothing happened. So then nana said, oh, this is going to be an emergency. Now I really need to figure out how to make it work. And do you know what she figured out? They can go through the wires. No, because kids shouldn't play with wires. They found out that the giraffe's tail if you use the giraffe's tail to press buttons on the computer and this is really true kids could try it if they ever have a giraffe in their house. If you use a giraffe's tail to press buttons on a keyboard, different letters and stuff, then it lets people go into computers and giraffes. So, what nana realized is that she could use the giraffe's little teensy, tiny giraffe tail to press letters. And then they were able to go back into the cartoon. And Anna went back to the pet store with the giraffe and all of her friends, and she told the pet store owner that she would come back and visit another day. But it was a lot of work to have the giraffe live in her house and not in the cartoon. And the pet store owner said, okay. And the pet store owner showed all of nana's friends that nana really did have this special giraffe. And all of nana's friends also liked to see the lion, which was the size of a kitty cat. And then nana and her friends went out of the computer back into nana's house, and they decided to play. And nana and her friends lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to listen to makeup because they like it.