Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived in a magical candy world where all the streets had bushes made of cotton candy on the sides. The streets were covered in button candy, which were little sugar bumps.

In this world, there were candy cement trucks that carried dough instead of cement. These trucks would mix the dough to make cakes. When a cement truck came down your street, it would make a sound, just like ice cream trucks do. The truck would stop by your house, and you could choose what kind of doughnut you wanted. The truck would make the doughnut right in front of you, and you could pick your favorite toppings, like chocolate, caramel, or strawberry.

Everyone who lived in Candyland was really happy because there were kittens everywhere and even unicorns that kids could ride instead of horses. Many people loved to visit Candyland, so there were lots of planes in the sky. When something entered Candyland, magic would turn it into Lego. So when a plane landed at the airport, it would become a Lego plane. The people would still be regular people, but their clothes would look silly, with lights or even made of candy.

Candyland had special magic, and all the kids could do one magical thing. Some kids could lift things without touching them, while others could brush their teeth without holding the toothbrush. One boy could run as fast as Sonic the Hedgehog, faster than any car or bus in Candyland.

But Candyland had some silly things too. Sometimes, around lunchtime, a horn would sound, and all the houses would grow legs and walk around. So after school, you and your parents would have to drive around trying to find your house.

One day, a visitor came from a faraway state with a floating island. He didn't believe that the whole town was made of candy. When he got off the plane and tried to take a chocolate taxi, the chocolate melted, and he ran around town with chocolate-covered clothes, asking for help.

The kids in Candyland showed him their magic powers. One kid made the man float, and Jesse showed that he could make 5 million of anything by saying "five." He turned a carrot cake bus into 5 million carrot cake buses, and the kids cheered.

The man took some carrot cake in his suitcase to take back to his floating island. Jesse told him to keep it fresh in a Ziploc bag. The kids waved goodbye as the man boarded the Lego plane, which turned back into a regular plane as it took off.

Jonah and Jesse went back to their house, but it had walked away. Jesse used his power to make 5 million houses, and they picked the nearest one. Jonah used his power to make the extra houses disappear, and they found their parents in the right house. Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.