Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids whose names were Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse lived in a really special candy world where all of the streets had bushes on the sides of the streets that were made out of cotton candy. On the streets, there was a kind of candy called button candy. Button candy was like little bumps that were made out of sugar. Also, there were cement trucks made out of candy, and they carried candy in them. In that city, Jesse, the cement trucks inside of them, they had dough instead of cement. The cement trucks, you know how cement trucks, like, turn things around? They would turn around the dough to make cakes. And then if a cement truck would come down your street in this town made of candy, then sometimes it would make a sound, just like ice cream trucks make sounds when they go down kids' streets. And then the cement truck could stop off right by your house, and the person in the cement truck would say, "What do you want?" And you could choose what kind of doughnut that you would want. And the cement truck, since it really had dough inside of it, would make that doughnut right in front of you. And you could also choose what toppings you wanted on the doughnut. So you could choose if you wanted it to be chocolate or caramel or strawberry flavor or just to have some sugar. And everyone who lived in Candyland was really happy because Candyland was also a place where there were kittens all over, and there were even some unicorns that kids could go on for rides instead of horses. And everyone used to love to come to Candytown to visit it. So there were lots of planes that you would see in the sky. And whenever something went into Candytown, then the first thing that would happen is some magic would turn it into Lego. And so once a plane landed in the airport, that plane would turn into a Lego plane. And all of the people that went out of the plane, they would still be regular people. But their clothes would also seem kind of silly. Like their clothes could have lights on it that would light up. And some people had clothes that were made out of Candy. And it was a really silly kind of place, Candyland. There was also a special kind of magic in Candyland. All of the kids were able to do one special thing in magic. And some kids, the magic that they were able to do was if they could point at something, then they would be able to lift it up even without touching it. There was one little girl who was able to brush her teeth without even holding the toothbrush, because the toothbrush would dance in front of her teeth by itself and she would just control it with her eyes. There was a boy who lived on top of a hill. And that boy had the power to go as fast as Sonic the Hedgehog. And he went even faster than any of the cars and any of the buses that were in Candyland. But Candyland wasn't always fun because sometimes, and this especially happened around midday, like lunchtime, you would hear a bugle sound, it would be a horn. And then suddenly all of the houses in Candyland would get up and grow legs and they would start walking around. And so one night your house might be on the corner of one street and then the next day during lunch, while you were in school, the house might walk to a different street. And then when school was over, you and your parents would have to drive around trying to find your house. So Candyland also had some very silly things. Like there was one kid who had a special power that if you looked at them, then right when you looked at them, if you blinked, they would disappear and change rooms because they were able to walk right through walls. And all of the kids had a lot of fun in Candyland, especially when visitors from different parts of the world came to visit. One time there was a visitor who came from a state that is far, far away, and in this state there's an island that floats in the sky. And that visitor thought he was the only person that lived in a magical place in the world and didn't really believe that the whole town was made of Candy. And what was so silly was once that person got off the airplane and his airplane turned into Lego, he tried to take a taxi that was really just a chocolate bar. The whole taxi was made of chocolate. But once you turned on the taxi, then the back of the chocolate would melt. And so that person who came from the island that floats, he was running all around town and his clothes were full of chocolate. And he was like, "Help me, help me, help me." And all of the kids who lived in the town, well, they came to watch. And one of the kids asked the person where he came from. And when the person said he came from an island that floats, the kid said, "Well, look what I could do." And then the kid made that man float. Also. When that man was floating, Jesse said, "I have a magic power too." And the person said, "What is your magic power?" And Jesse said, "When I say the number five, whatever I look at will turn into 5 million of those things." And the person said, "Prove it to me." And so Jesse said, "Okay." And Jesse looked at a little bus that was next to him, and the bus was made out of carrot cake. And Jesse said "five." And suddenly the bus turned into 5 million carrot cake buses. And all of the kids in Candy Town were like, "Yay," because there were so many, you wouldn't need all of them to take rides in. And some of them, the kids could just eat up anyway. And the man that came from that state that had a floating island, well, he had a suitcase. And he tried to put some of the carrot cake from the bus in his suitcase. Jesse told him that it was okay for him to put some in his suitcase because there were so many, but that he would have to try to keep it fresh when he went back to his state that had the floating island. And the man said that he would put it in a Ziploc bag to keep it fresh. And Jesse said okay. All of the kids waved goodbye to the man and he went back to the airport and he went in the Lego plane. And the plane started to go on the runway. And as it took off, it turned into a regular plane again. And then all of the kids waved goodbye as the plane flew away. And Jonah and Jesse, they went back to their house. But as they went back to their house, they realized that their house had walked away and that it was nowhere to be found. So Jesse had to use his special power and he made 5 million of his houses so that they would be everywhere. And he just went to the nearest one. And then Jonah used one of his powers and said that the extra ones could just go away. And it turned out that they chose the right house to keep. And that's where their parents were. And Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.