Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two girls named Vicky and Evelyn. Vicky and Evelyn played outside all day, digging and having lots of fun. When they got home that night, their mama told them they needed to take a bath. Vicky and Evelyn got into the bath and were very surprised to see that there was food coloring in the water, making it green with green bubbles!

Vicky asked her mom how they would get clean with green water and bubbles. Her mom told her that she had a special kind of shampoo that would make them super clean. But when she tried to give it to Evelyn, it fell into the bath. Vicky and Evelyn put their heads under the water to find the magical shampoo. When they did, they saw a secret big pipe that was big enough for people to fit through, going from the bottom of their bathtub all the way to the ocean. They decided to try going through it. Now, in real life, kids shouldn't go through a pipe like that, but in this story, Vicky and Evelyn found big bubbles that let them breathe as they went through the pipes all the way to the ocean.

When they reached the ocean, they saw a mermaid castle made of coral reef, which is a type of thing that looks like rocks but can be pretty colorful and has lots of different kinds of fish swimming around it. The mermaid castle had slides going down it. The fish that swam around it were see-through, and some of them, you could even see their brains, which looked like strawberries. There were also different kinds of fish with big mouths but no teeth, and some fish where you could see all their bones and even their heart beating. But the most special fish of all was the kobudai, which could change from a girl to a boy.

Vicky and Evelyn were looking around the mermaid castle when a real-life mermaid named Melanie came up to them. Melanie the mermaid told them she was so excited to have girls visit her and asked how they got there. Vicky and Evelyn told her about the pipe in their bathtub and the colorful bath that led to the ocean. Melanie asked if they wanted to go on an adventure, and they excitedly said yes. They set off in the sea, swimming together in their bubble shells, while Melanie the mermaid could breathe underwater.

They passed an octopus that could spin around with eight legs and do cartwheels as fast as a car could go. They also found a silly-looking starfish that lit up a little bit as it went by. They saw many special things in the ocean as they went on their adventure. One of the most special things was a school of light-up fish that blinked red and green as they swam around, lighting up the water.

There was a rule in the ocean that nobody was allowed to hug another person. Vicky and Evelyn asked Melanie why there was that rule. Melanie said she didn't like it. So they asked her if she could ask the king of the ocean to change the rule. They swam back to the castle and asked the king if they could have hugs in the ocean. The king agreed, and suddenly all the fish started swimming up and down, right and left, dancing silly fish dances. The light-up fish started lighting up, and everyone in the ocean was happy because they could now hug.

Vicky and Evelyn hugged Melanie the mermaid and said they were so happy they had a chance to see the mermaid kingdom and under the ocean. All the fish hoped they would visit again, and they promised they would. Then they found the pipe that led back to their bathtub. They swam back and told their mama what happened while they were underwater. Their mama said, "How could you have gone all the way to the ocean and visited a mermaid while you're underwater in your bath? That was just 2 seconds." Vicky and Evelyn looked at each other and decided to keep it a secret that they really went to the mermaid kingdom and had a special adventure. Now everyone was allowed to hug and share in the mermaid kingdom. Vicky and Evelyn and their parents lived happily ever after. The end.