Welcome to Makeup the kids bedtime wombus. Tonight's makesup story is a request from two listeners who are sisters and whose names are Vicky and Evelyn. And Vicky and Evelyn asked for us to make up a story that includes a mermaid and hugs and not sharing. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two girls whose names were Vicky and Evelyn. Vicky and Evelyn played outside all day digging and having a lot of fun. Well, when Vicky and Evelyn got home that night, vicky and Evelyn's mama told them they needed to take a bath. Vicky and Evelyn got inside the bath and they were very surprised to learn that there was food coloring in the bath and the bath wasn't regular water, the bath was green and there was also bubble bath in the bath and there were green bubbles. And Vicky asked her mom how she was going to get clean if the water was green and the bubbles were green. And Vicky's mom told her that she had a special kind of shampoo which would make her super clean. And her mom showed her the shampoo, but when she tried to hand it over to Evelyn, it fell in the bath. And Vicky and Evelyn put their heads under the water trying to find the new kind of magical shampoo. And when they put their heads underwater, they saw that there was this secret big pipe that was big enough for people to fit through that went from their bottom of their bathtub all the way to the ocean and they decided that they would try to go through it. Now, in real life, kids shouldn't go through a pipe like that, but in this story, Vicky and Evelyn found big bubbles and they put their heads in the big bubbles and the bubbles let them breathe as they went through the pipes all the way to the ocean. When Vicky and Evelyn got to the ocean, they saw that there was a mermaid castle. And the mermaid castle was made of coral reef, which is a type of thing that looks like rocks but can be pretty colorful and has a lot of different kinds of fishies that swim around it. And the mermaid castle had slides going down it. The fishies look like that, and the fishies that were swimming around it, you could see through, you could see through, and some of them, you could even see their brains. And their brains looked like strawberries. And there were also different kinds of fish that had mouths that were so big but they had no teeth. And there were some kinds of fish where you could see all of their bones inside of them and even their heart beating. But the most special fish of all was a fish called the kobudai. And the kobudai fish was able to change whether it was a girl or a boy. The kobadai fish would swim around the mermaid castle and on one side while it was swimming, it would be a girl kobadai. And then when it swam around on the other side, it got bigger and turned into a boy kobudai. Fish and kobudai are real fish that you could find in the ocean, and they could change between boy and girl. Well, Vicky and Evelyn were looking around the mermaid castle when suddenly a real life mermaid came up to them. And the real life mermaid that came up to them was named Melanie. And Melanie the mermaid told Vicky and Evelyn that she was so excited to have girls visit her, and Melanie the mermaid asked Vicky and Evelyn how they got here. And Vicky and Evelyn told Melanie the mermaid that there was a pipe in their bathtub, and they were taking a colorful bath, and it led all the way to the ocean. And Melanie the mermaid asked them if they wanted to go on an adventure. And Vicky and Evelyn said, yippee dippy. Yes, we do. And they started setting off in the sea, swimming together, vicky and Evelyn, in their bubble shells. And the mermaid was able to breathe under the water. They passed an octopus that could spin around with eight different legs and could do a cartwheel as fast as a car could go. And they also found a starfish that was so, so silly looking. You could see that it lit up a little bit as it was going by. And and they saw so many special things in the ocean as they were going on their adventure. One of the specialist things of all was a light up fish. And the light up fish would blink as it went by, and it would turn red and green. And a lot of the light up fish went together, swimming all as one. And when a lot of fish swim together, is it this one? Yes. And when a lot of fish swim together, they are called a school of fish. And they would swim around and lighting up the water as Vicky and Evelyn and Melanie the mermaid were swimming around the mermaid ocean. Well, there was a rule that existed in the ocean, and the rule was that nobody was allowed to hug another person. And Vicky and Evelyn asked Melanie the mermaid why there was that rule. And Melanie said she didn't like that rule. So Vicky and Evelyn asked Melanie the mermaid if she could ask the king of the ocean to change that rule. And the king of the ocean was in the castle in the top. So they swam back to the castle, and when they got to the castle, they said, king of the ocean, the mermaid that will rule all sea creatures. We are here before you today to appeal a code of conduct that we feel is unjust and not for the greater good of all sea creatures. Specifically, we believe that the rule that bans prohibits, discourages, and otherwise undermines the use of physical contact and expressions of love should be hereby repealed. And the king of the ocean said, what does that mean? And Melanie the mermaid and Vicky and Evelyn said that they should be allowed to have hugs in the ocean. And the king of the ocean said here with and hereby I heretofore declare hugs are allowed in the ocean. And suddenly all of the fish started swimming uppie and downy to the right and to the left and dancing silly fish dances. And the light up fish started lighting up. And everyone in the ocean was happy because the king of the ocean said that everyone could have hugs. And so Vicky and Evelyn hugged Melanie the mermaid and said that they were so happy that they had a chance to see the mermaid kingdom and under the ocean. And all of the fishies said to Vicky and Evelyn that they hoped that Vicky and Evelyn would visit again. And Vicky and Evelyn told the fishies that they would. And then they found the pipe that led to their bathtub. And they swam back to their bathtub and they told their mama what happened while they were underwater. And their mama said, how could you have gone all the way to the ocean and visited a mermaid while you're underwater in your bath? That was just 2 seconds. And Vicky and Evelyn looked at each other and they decided to say shh because they both had a secret that their parents didn't know, which was that really it wasn't 2 seconds. And really they went to the mermaid kingdom and had a special adventure. And now everyone was allowed to hug and to share in the mermaid kingdom. And Vicky and Evelyn and their parents lived happily ever after. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.