Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jesse. Every night, when it was time for bed, Jesse would turn the light back on in his room so he couldn't fall asleep. If his dad said it was bedtime, Jesse would try to make his dad laugh and be silly instead.

One night, Jesse and his dad were lying in bed when they noticed their bed started to float away! It floated through the window and out of their house, all the way past town to a mysterious forest where nobody had been in a long time. At the edge of the forest, they saw tents with campers inside. But nobody dared to go to the middle of the forest because of scary noises and rumors of giant turtles, walking trees, trapping dirt, and trolls that lived under bridges.

As Jesse and his dad floated on their bed above the forest, it suddenly started to rain. They put their blanket on top of the bed to stay dry, but the rain made the blanket heavy, and the bed began to fall. They landed on some trees in the forest, and carefully climbed down to the ground, surrounded by leaves. Jesse felt worms under the leaves, wiggling between his toes. His dad picked him up, and they started to walk through the forest. Then, the rain stopped, and a little earthquake began.

During the earthquake, strange animals that looked like crayons came out of the ground. They left colorful lines behind them as they marched towards the river where a troll lived. Jesse told his dad they should follow the crayon lines. So they followed the crayon animals through the trees, getting closer to the troll's bridge. Suddenly, they heard a roar that sounded like a mix between a dinosaur and a bird.

When they looked behind them, they saw a dinosaur! Jesse and his dad hid behind a tree, but the dinosaur saw the crayon animals instead. The crayon animals turned into colorful T-Rexes, drawing on the forest floor with their tails. Jesse and his dad decided not to follow them anymore and tried to get back to their floating bed.

As they sneaked from tree to tree, avoiding the dinosaurs, they finally reached the tree where their bed had landed. Jesse's dad lifted him onto his shoulders, and Jesse began to climb the tree. But then, three crayon T-Rexes saw them. When Jesse looked at the green, orange, and purple T-Rexes, he and his dad turned into T-Rexes too! They had dinosaur bodies and tails, but their regular human heads.

Jesse told his dad they needed to turn back into people so they could climb the tree and fit on their bed. As T-Rexes, they could only break trees, not climb them. They decided to be nice to the other dinosaurs and follow them to the troll under the bridge. Since they were strong dinosaurs, they didn't have to be afraid of the troll.

When they reached the troll, he asked who they were. Jesse explained that they used to be people, but the crayon T-Rexes turned them into dinosaurs. The troll said he would banish them from the forest and turn them back into people. Jesse and his dad looked at the troll, who tapped a stick in the river, stopping the water. As the water stopped, Jesse and his dad turned back into people and floated above the ground, all the way back to their bed in the tree.

The troll pointed his stick at the bed, and Jesse and his dad floated away, landing next to a tent at the edge of the forest. A camper came out and asked how their bed got there. Jesse and his dad told the camper their story, and the camper helped them get back home. From then on, Jesse, his dad, and their family lived happily ever after. The end.