Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse. And whenever Jesse was going to go to sleep, he always turned the light on in his room back on so that he could never fall asleep. And if his dad said it was sleepy time, then do you know what he did? Turn the light on like I am. Oh, great. And if it was sleepy time, he would just try to rile his dad and get his dad to laugh and be silly. 

One time, Jesse and his dad were lying down in their bed and they noticed that their bed started to float away and it floated through the window of their house. And it went outside all the way past town, far away to a forest where nobody had visited in a long time. At the edge of the forest, they could see some tents, and there were campers inside the tent. But nobody dared go to the middle of the forest because sometimes people could hear roars and big noises from the forest. And there were rumors that there were turtles as big as buses that lived in the forest, and trees that could walk and dirt that could trap people, and trolls that lived under bridges and would kind of make the water stop in the morning and make the water go in the evening. 

But Jesse and his dad were floating on their bed over that forest. Suddenly it started to rain, and Jesse and his dad put their blanket on top of the bed so the rain wouldn't get them wet. But the rain went all over the blanket and it weighed the bed down, and the bed started to fall. In the forest, they fell on top of some trees, and Jesse and his dad got off of their bed and they carefully climbed down the tree until they were on the ground in the forest, nestled among a bunch of leaves. Jesse could feel that there were some worms that were under the leaves, and he wasn't wearing shoes because when he left. It was nighttime, and the worms were trying to go between his toes. And Jesse's dad picked Jesse up, and he started to walk through the forest. And suddenly it stopped raining. But there was a little earthquake. 

And when the earth started to shake, there were different kinds of animals that came out of the ground. Some of the animals that came out of the ground looked like crayons. And wherever they went, they kind of, like, drew a line behind them, so it was very easy to follow them. And those crayon animals seemed to be marching from the part of the ground that broke up from the earthquake all the way to the river, where there was a troll that lived. Jesse told his dad that they should follow the crayon lines. So Steve picked up Jesse, and they followed the crayon animals through the trees. As they got closer and closer to the troll bridge, Jesse heard the sound of a roar. It was in between a roar and like the tweet of a bird. 

And when they looked behind them, they saw there was a dinosaur. And so Jesse and his dad hid behind a tree so the dinosaur wouldn't see them, but the dinosaur saw the crayon animals instead. And the dinosaur was a T-Rex. And when it looked at the crayon animals, the crayon animals turned into T-Rexes. And they were colorful T-Rexes. And with their tails, they drew on crayon all the way over the forest floor. And all of the leaves and all of the dirt those T-Rexes went over turned green and yellow and orange and pink. And Jesse told his dad that they shouldn't follow them anymore. And Jesse's dad said that they needed to get up the tree and back on their bed. That helped them float in. 

So Jesse and his dad sneakily quietly went from tree to tree, avoiding the dinosaur sounds, until finally they got to the tree where their bed landed. And Steve picked up Jesse on his shoulders. And Jesse reached the tree branch, and he started to climb the tree, when suddenly three of the different crayon T-Rexes saw Jesse. And when they looked at Jesse and Jesse looked at them, and Jesse saw one was green and one was orange, and one was purple. Suddenly, Jesse turned into a T-Rex. He had a dinosaur body and a dinosaur tail, but he still had his regular Jesse head. And then Jesse looked at his dad, Steve, and Steve turned into a T-Rex. And Steve had dinosaur legs, dinosaur tail, but his regular person head, and they could still talk. 

And Jesse told Steve that they needed to figure out how to turn back into people so that they could climb the tree and fit back on their bed. Because as T-Rexes, all they could do is only, like, break trees, which just made the bed break because the tree smashes it. Yeah, the T-Rexes, there's no way that they could climb the trees. They could just smash the trees. And there was no way that they could even fit on their bed that they used to float into that forest because if they just lay on it, it would just go and explode. Yeah, they would just smash it. 

And so Jesse and Steve, they were really not knowing what to do. Finally, they had an idea. They decided to be nice to the other dinosaurs that used to be the Crayon animals, and they decided to start following them. And they remembered where the Crayon animals were going before they turned into T. Rexes. They were going to the troll that lived under the bridge that could stop the river in the morning. And so they went and followed the other T-Rexes because they didn't have to be afraid of the troll. They were such strong dinosaurs. And Steve and Jesse T. Rex went all the way to the little troll. 

And when they got to the troll, the troll said, "Who goes there?" And Jesse said, "It is I, a kid T-Rex." And the troll said, "Then why do you have a person head?" And Jesse said, "Because I used to be a person. And the Crayon T-Rexes turned me into a T-Rex." And the troll said, "I shall banish you from the forest and turn you back into a person." And Jesse said, "Well, good, because that's actually what I wanted." And the troll said, "And who's that with you?" And Jesse said that it was his dad, who also turned into a T. Rex. And the troll said, "Well, look at me." 

And Steve and Jesse looked at the troll, and the troll started tapping a stick in the river, and the water in the river stopped. And just as the water stopped, Jesse and Steve could feel like their bodies were turning back into people bodies, and they were floating above the ground, and they were floating all the way back to the bed, which was in the tree. And the troll pointed his stick at the bed, and Jesse and Steve floated away on the bed all the way to the edge of the forest where there were some tents. And the bed landed right next to one of the tents. And a camper got out of the tent and said, "How did your bed get here?" 

And Steve and Jesse told the camper the story of what was inside the forest. And the camper said that he would help them get back home. And so he did. And Steve and Jesse and Jonah and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.