Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Margot. Margot lived in a secret house under the ground, and the only way to get in was if you knew how to get to the entrance. The entrance was in the forest outside of Geneva, Switzerland, right near some rocks in the front of a mountain. You had to move aside some leaves that were covering the entrance. Then, if you moved away the leaves, you could pick up some branches. Behind the branches, there was a big red door that said "secret door" on it. To go into Margot's house, which was underground and behind the red door, you had to say the right password to get in. The only people that knew the right password were Margot's friends and Margot's parents' friends.

One day, Margot was playing inside her underground house, and she heard some knocking on the secret door. She said, "Mom, I hear someone knocking on the secret door." Margot's mom went up with Margot up the ladder to get to the entrance of the underground house, and they said, "What's the password?" On the other side of the door, they heard something say, "Woof woof wafwaf." Margot said, "Woof. Woof. Wolf. Wolf is not the password. What's the real password?" Suddenly, on the other side of the door, the fox said, "Really? I'm a fox, so I don't know the password, but I want to go into your underground house."

Margot looked at her mom and said, "Mom, it's a magic fox. We should let it go into our underground house because how else could it talk? It must have some magic." Margot's mom said, "Margot, I don't think there's any such thing as a talking fox. There's no way it could really be. It might just be like somebody that's dressed up in a costume that looks like a fox." Margot's mom told Margot, "Margot, I think this might be somebody tricking you. It's a person who's not so big, and that person is dressed up in a fox costume." Margot decided to open the door, and Margot and her mom opened the big red door to their secret underground house.

On the other side of the door, there was a fox. They couldn't tell if the fox was a person dressed up as a fox or if it was a real fox because it did look bigger than a regular fox. But it also didn't look like a costume. When Margot looked at the fox, the fox didn't look like a costume, not crumbly or flat or anything like that. It looked like a real fox. But still, she knew real foxes can't talk, so she had an idea. She would try to figure out how this fox could talk. Margot asked the fox, "Fox, how are you able to talk?" The fox told Margot that he used to be a prince, and he was the prince of Switzerland, and he was the son of the king. The fox, who used to be a prince, one day went onto a magical log. When he sat on the magical log, all of a sudden, the prince turned into a fox, but he was still able to talk like a person.

The prince, who looked like a fox, told Margot that he had come to Margot's underground house to get some help to turn back into a prince again. Margot looked at her mom and asked, "Is there a way we could help the prince who turned into a fox?" Margot's mom said, "How about we try to find the magic log that the prince sat on?" Margot said, "Okay." So they went out of the underground house and closed the big door, and they set off on an adventure up the mountains surrounding Geneva, Switzerland.

The higher they went, the more they saw. The more they saw, the higher they decided to go. As they were climbing up one of the mountains, Margot saw some magic glasses. The magic glasses looked just like regular glasses. But if you put on the magic glasses, then when an animal talked, you could hear what it really meant. So you could know if a cow said "meow meow" what the "meow meow" sound really meant if you had the magic glasses on. And if a dog said "woof woof," then if you were wearing the magic glasses, you would also know what the "woof woof" meant. The magic glasses were so good.

Margot put on the magic glasses and looked at the fox that was next to her. The fox used to be a prince. When she looked at the fox, she said, "Fox, could you say something?" Just as she said that, the fox wasn't able to talk regular English anymore; it could only talk fox language. Margot didn't know what to do. Then she had an idea. She decided to take off her magic glasses. When she took off her magic glasses, she was able to understand the fox in regular English again, but no other animals.

Margot realized the magic glasses worked on any regular animal, making you understand what they were trying to say. But if the animal had some magic, like, for example, if the animal used to be a prince, then it wouldn't work on them. Margot told her mom that finding the magic glasses was a clue that they were getting close to solving the mystery of how to turn the fox back into a prince.

When Margot had the magic glasses on, she saw that there was a treehouse on top of the mountain. The treehouse was a really small treehouse, but it was big enough for a kid who is eight years old to fit in. Margot went to the treehouse, and she saw that inside the treehouse, there was the magic log. Margot sat down on the magic log, and because she was using her magic glasses, it didn't turn her into a fox also. Instead, it gave Margot the ability to look like a grown-up, even when she was a kid, if she wanted to. When grown-ups were looking at Margot, she looked almost like a giant. It was a really special magic power.

Margot also got the fox to sit down on the log. When the fox sat down on the log, it turned back into a prince. Margot and the prince and Margot's family lived happily ever after. The end.