Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Margot. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hello. I am Margo. I am seven years old. I live in Geneva. I would like a story about a magic lob, magic glasses, and fox in a tree house. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Margot who lives in Geneva, Switzerland, and who turned eight years old two weeks ago on April 16. And so we want to say, happy birthday, Margot. Happy birthday, Margot. And Margot asked for us to make up a story that includes a magic log, magic glasses, and a fox in the treehouse. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Margot. Margot lived in a secret house under the ground, and the only way to get in was if you knew how to get to the entrance. The entrance was in the forest outside of Geneva, Switzerland, right near some rocks in the front of a mountain. And you had to move aside some leaves that were covering the entrance. And then if you moved away the leaves, you could pick up some branches. And behind the branches, there was a big red door that said secret door in it. And then if you wanted to go into Margot's house, which was underground, and behind the red door, you had to say the right password to get in. And the only people that knew the right password were Margot's friends and also Margo's parents friends. And one day, Margot was playing inside of her underground house, and she heard some knocking on the secret door, and she said, mom, I hear someone knocking on the secret door. And Margot's mom went up with Margot up the ladder to get to the entrance of the underground house, and they said, what's the password? And on the other side of the door, they heard something say, woof woof wafwaf. And Margot said, Woof. Woof. Wolf. Wolf is not the password. What's the real password? And suddenly, on the other side of the door, the fox said, really? I'm a fox, so I don't know the password, but I want to go into your underground house. Margot looked at her mom and said, mom, it's a magic fox. And so we should let it go into our underground house, because how else could it talk? It must have some magic. And Margot's mom said, margot, I don't think there's any such thing as a talking fox. There's no way it could really be. It might just be, like, somebody that's dressed up in a costume that looks like a fox. And Margot's mom told Margot, margot, I think this might be somebody tricking you. And really, it's a person who's not so big, and that person is dressed up in a fox costume. And Margot decided to open the door, and Margot and her mom opened the big red door to their secret underground house. And on the other side of the door, there was a fox. They couldn't tell if the fox was a person dressed up as a fox or if it was a real fox, because it did look bigger than a regular fox. But it also didn't look like a costume. Yeah, bud. So it didn't really look costumes. Kind of look kind of crumbly, not so, like, wheeled, not so flat. Yeah. And when Margot looked at the fox, the fox didn't look like a costume, not like crumbly or flat or anything like that. It looked like a real fox. But still, she knew real foxes can't talk, so she had an idea. She would try to figure out how this fox could talk. So Margot asked the fox. She said, fox, how are you able to talk? And the fox told Margot that he used to be a prince, and he was the prince of Switzerland, and he was the son of the king. And the fox, who used to be a prince, one day went onto a magical log. And when he sat on the magical log, all of a sudden, the prince turned into a fox, but he was still able to talk like a person. And so the prince, who looked like a fox told Margot that he had come to Margot's underground house to get some help to turn back into a prince again. And Margot looked at her mom, and Margot asked her mom, is there a way we could help the prince who turned into a fox? And Margot's mom said, how about we try to find the magic log that the prince sat on? And Margot said, okay. So they went out of the underground house and closed the big door, and they set off on adventure up the mountains surrounding Geneva, Switzerland. The higher they went, the more they saw. And the more they saw, the higher they decided to go. As they were climbing up one of the mountains, margot saw some magic glasses. The magic glasses looked just like regular glasses. But if you put on the magic glasses, then when an animal talked, you could hear what it really meant. So you could know if a cow said meow meow what the meow meow sound really meant if you had the magic glasses on. And if a dog said woof woof, then if you were wearing the magic glasses, you would also know what the woof woof meant. And the magic glasses were so good. So Margot put on the magic glasses, and she looked at the fox that was next to her. And the fox used to be a prince. And when she looked at the fox, she said, fox, could you say something? And just as she said that the fox wasn't able to talk regular English anymore, it could only talk fox language. And so Margot didn't know what to do. And then she had an idea. She decided to take off her magic glasses. And when she took off her magic glasses, she was able to understand the fox in regular English again, but no other animals. And then she realized the magic glasses worked on any regular animal. It made you understand what they were trying to say. But if the animal had some magic, like, for example, if the animal used to be a prince, then it wouldn't work on them. Then you can't have magic glasses. Margot told her mom that that was a clue if they found the magic glasses. There. They were getting close to solving the mystery of how to turn the fox back into a prince. And when Margot had the magic glasses on, she saw that there was a treehouse on top of the mountain. And the treehouse was a really small treehouse, but it was big enough for a kid who is eight years old to fit in. And Margot went to the treehouse, and she saw that inside the treehouse, there was the magic log. And Margot sat down on the magic log. And because she was using her magic glasses, it didn't turn her into a fox also. Instead, it gave Margot the ability to look like a grown up, even when she was a kid, if she wanted to. Yeah, bud. So when she was a grown up, would she look like twice as big as a grown up? Yes. And when grown ups were looking at Margot, then she looked almost like a giant. And so it was a really special magic power. And Margot also got the fox to sit down on the log. And when the fox sat down on the log, it turned back into a prince. S. And Margot and the prince and Margot's family lived happily ever after. The End thanks for listening to Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Say your friends.