Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two siblings named NIM and Odin. NIM was the silliest girl in the world because everyone loved to be around her and to hear all of her funny jokes. NIM and Odin knew how to make it rain. All they had to do was dance their silly dance and say, "Humballam doom, badoom gibagi." And they would stomp their foot, and then it would start to rain. One day it was so dry and sunny, and everyone wanted it to rain. So, NIM and Odin started to do their silly dance, and soon enough, it started to rain. They went out with their umbrellas to the beach.

When they got to the beach, they saw a big, big dolphin jumping out of the water. NIM and Odin said to their mom, "Mom, look at the dolphin!" And it was raining on the water and raining on the dolphin. The dolphin decided to go out of the water. NIM said, "Look, mom, the dolphin has legs!" And it was the first dolphin anyone had ever seen with real legs. The dolphin used its legs to crawl out of the water and go on the beach. When the dolphin was on the beach, it walked right up to Odin and said, "Odin, it's too rainy, and I'm too wet. Can I have an umbrella?" Odin said to NIM, "What? A talking dolphin with legs?" NIM said, "Mom, can we get the dolphin an umbrella?" Mom looked in the stroller and saw a rainbow umbrella. So she gave it to the dolphin, and the dolphin started to hold the umbrella.

NIM asked, "Wait a minute. If you don't like getting wet, why do you live in the water?" The dolphin told NIM and Odin that it usually lived in the water, but it was a special kind of dolphin that not many people knew about, which could also walk on land. NIM said, "Well, I never heard of that." The dolphin said, "My name is Danny Dolphin, and I know about many creatures you don't know about." Odin asked, "Well, what else is there?" Danny the Dolphin held up his umbrella and said, "I'll tell you about another kind of creature if you guys give me some candy." NIM looked in her pocket, and she didn't see any candy. Odin looked in his pocket, and he didn't see any candy either. All they saw was a magic seed.

NIM and Odin said, "We don't have any candy, but we do have a magic seed you can have." Danny the Dolphin asked if he could see the magic seed. When he looked at the magic seed, it was shiny, a little bit like silver, twinkly, with glitter on it, and it had little bubbles coming out of it. Danny the Dolphin said, "Maybe if we plant this in the beach, it will grow into something special." So they decided to try. Odin started to dig in the beach, and NIM also started to dig. Together they made a big hole. Danny the Dolphin was a good digger too. Most dolphins can't dig because they have no hands and no legs, but Danny Dolphin did. So Danny Dolphin helped them dig until they planted the magic seed.

When they put the magic seed under the sand and the rain started falling on it, do you know what happened? It grew into a magic flower. The magic flower was called a lollipop flower. Instead of growing like a regular flower, with green on the bottom and pretty flower petals on the top, this flower grew lollipops. There were different color lollipops: a yellow one on the bottom, a red one in the middle, and many green ones on the top. The flower kept growing and growing until the lollipop flower from the magic seed went all the way up to the clouds.

NIM and Odin asked Danny the Dolphin if it could ever stop growing. Danny the Dolphin said, "Maybe the only way to get it to stop growing is to start eating some of the lollipops." So NIM and Odin asked their mom if they could have some lollipops. Mom said okay. Both of them took two lollipops, a green one and a yellow one. Danny the Dolphin said, "I want lollipops. I want lollipops." He jumped up because he had legs and got 17 different lollipops from the flower. NIM started laughing and said, "That's way too many lollipops. You're going to get a tummy ache." Danny the Dolphin licked a lollipop, and with his big tongue, he ate the whole lollipop, including the stick.

It was so silly because they had never seen a dolphin with legs that could eat so many lollipops, but there were still way too many lollipops because it kept growing and growing, even though they stopped. Suddenly, out of the ocean, there came a tiger. Tigers usually don't live in oceans; they live in jungles or swim in rivers and lakes. But there it was, a tiger that looked like a giant kitty cat. The tiger said it was Danny the Dolphin's friend and wanted to help eat the lollipops from the magic flower. So the kids said it was okay for the dolphin and the tiger to eat some lollipops. They started eating lollipops, and the tiger started to dance its rain dance. Danny Dolphin did too. The tiger had maybe 112 lollipops because it was a special tiger. As they did their rain dance, it stopped raining regular rain, and it started to rain dresses.

Danny the Dolphin said, "I want a dress." He put on one of the dresses that fell from the sky. The tiger also put on a dress, and so did NIM. Odin said, "I don't want a dress." But everyone said, "Do it, do it, do it." He decided to put on a silly dress, and they all danced and had so much fun. The lollipop flower stopped growing, but it was always there whenever they wanted to come back and have fun. NIM and Odin told Danny the Dolphin and the tiger that they would see them another day for a great adventure. Then they went home with their mom, and they lived happily ever after. The end.