Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from two listeners. One is named NIM, who's a seven year old girl and the other is named Odin, who's a five year old boy. And NIM and Odin live on an island in Canada and there's a special ferry that goes straight to their island and can take them to a lot of fun places. NIM and Odin asked for us to make up a story about a dolphin, a tiger and a magic flower. And we are going to add that it rains dresses. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two siblings named NIM and Odin. NIM was the silliest girl in the world because everyone loved to be around her and to hear all of her funny jokes. NIM and Odin knew how to make it rain. All they had to do was dance their silly dance and say, humballam doom, badoom gibagi. And they would stomp their foot and then it would start to rain. One day it was so dry and it was so sunny and everyone wanted it to rain. And so NIM and Odin started to do their silly dance and soon enough it started to rain. They went out with their umbrellas to the beach. When they got to the beach, they saw that there was a big, big dolphin jumping out of the water. And NIM and Odin said to their mom, mom, look at the dolphin. And it was raining on the water and raining on the dolphin. The dolphin decided to go out of the water. And NIM said, look, mom, the dolphin has legs. And it was the first dolphin a person had ever seen that had real legs. Well, the dolphin used its legs to crawl out of the water and go on the beach. When the dolphin was on the beach, the dolphin walked right up to Odin and said, odin, it's too rainy and I'm too wet. Can I have an umbrella? And Odin said to NIM, what a talking dolphin that has legs? And NIM said, mom, can we get the dolphin an umbrella? And the mom looked in the stroller and she saw that there was indeed a rainbow umbrella. So she gave it to the dolphin. And the dolphin started to hold the umbrella. And NIM said, Wait a minute. If you don't like getting wet, why do you live in the water? And the dolphin told NIM and Odin that usually it lived in the water, but it was a special kind of dolphin that not so many people knew about that was also able to walk on land. And NIM said, Well, I never heard of that. And the dolphin said, My name is Danny Dolphin and I know about a lot of creatures that you don't know about. And Odin said, well, what else is there? And the dolphin named Danny held up his umbrella and said, I'll tell you what another kind of creature is if you guys give me some candy. And NIM looked in her pocket, and she didn't see any candy. And Odin looked in his pocket, and he didn't see any candy. All they saw was a magic seed. And so NIM and Odin said, we don't have any candy, but we do have a magic seed you can have. And Danny the dolphin asked if he could see the magic seed. And when he looked at the magic seed, it looked like it was shiny. It looked a little bit like silver, and it was twinkly, and it had some glitter on it, and it also had little kind of bubbles that came out of it. And the dolphin said, well, maybe if we plant this in the beach, it will grow into something special. And so they decided to try. And Odin started to dig in the beach, and NIM also started to dig, and together they made a big hole. And Danny the dolphin was also a really good digger. Most dolphins can't dig because they have no hands and they have no legs, but Danny dolphin did. So Danny dolphin helped them dig until they planted the magic seed. And when they put the magic seed under the sand and the rain started falling on it, do you know what happened? What? It grew into a magic flower. The magic flower was called a lollipop flower. And instead of growing like a regular flower, where it has, like, green on the bottom and then flower petals on the top, which are pretty, this flower grew lollipops. And there were different color lollipops. On the bottom of the flower, there was a yellow lollipop. In the middle, there was a red lollipop. And on the top, there were so many green lollipops. And the flower just kept growing and growing and growing until the lollipop flower from the magic seed went all the way up to the clouds. NIM and Odin asked Danny the dolphin if it could ever stop growing. And Danny the Dolphin said, maybe the only way to get it to stop growing is to start to eat some of the lollipops. And so NIM and Odin asked their mom if they could have some lollipops. And their mama said okay. And both of them took two lollipops, a green one and a yellow one. And Danny the dolphin said, I want lollipops. I want lollipops. And he jumped up because he had legs, and he got 17 different lollipops. Yeah, 17 different lollipops from the flower. And NIM started laughing and said, that's way too many lollipops. You're going to get a tummy ache. And Danny the Dolphin said, and it was so silly because right away he licked a lollipop. And dolphins have very big tongues, so he went lick, and he ate the whole lollipop, including the stick. And it was so silly because they had never seen a dolphin that had legs that could eat so many lollipops, but there were still way too many lollipops, because it kept growing and growing, even though they stopped. Well, suddenly, out of the ocean, there came a tiger. Now, tigers usually don't live in oceans. Tigers tend to live in jungles or a little bit. Yeah, they're okay. Tigers are okay with water a little bit. They could swim in, like, rivers and lakes and stuff. Yeah. But I didn't either know that tigers went in the ocean, but there it was, a tiger. And this tiger was really silly because this tiger was so silly that it looked like a kitty cat. Usually it did. Usually tigers are way bigger, and like our kitty cat and this tiger said, Meow? Yeah, it was like a ginormous kitty cat. And the tiger said that he was Danny the dolphin's friend and wanted to help eat the lollipops from the magic flower. And so the kid said that it was okay for yeah, the kids said it was okay for the dolphin to eat some and also for the tiger. And they started eating some lollipops. And just as they started eating the lollipops, the tiger started to dance its own rain dance. And Danny Dolphin did, too. Okay. Did the tiger take 100 lollipops? Yes. The tiger had maybe even 112 lollipops. Yes, because it was special tiger. And the tiger and Danny dolphin started to do their own silly rain dance. And just as they did their raindans, it stopped raining regular rain, and it started to rain dresses, and there were so many different dresses. And Danny the dolphin said, I want a dress. And he put on one of the dresses that fell down from the sky. And the tiger also put on a dress, and NIM did. And Odin said, I don't want a dress. But everyone said, do it, do it, do it. And he decided to put on a silly dress, and he danced, and everyone had so much fun. And the lolliplower stopped growing, but it was always there whenever they wanted to come back and have fun. And NIM and Odin told Danny the dolphin and the tiger never in Adelaide pups. They told Danny the dolphin and the tiger that they would see them another day for a great adventure. And then they went home with their mama, and they lived happily ever after. The End to tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.