Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two siblings whose names were Lena and Ziyad. Lena and Ziyad lived in a desert right outside of a large castle. The castle that they lived next to had big towers coming up from it, and it had outside places where people used to dance, sing, and wear special costumes and wardrobes. The castle had bows and arrows on the top to guard against any enemy invaders, but Lena and Ziyad had never seen any enemies.

Lena and Ziyad lived right outside the castle. One day, Lena's mama told Lena that she would like for Lena to go to the market and buy some special fruit. Lena brought her little brother Ziyad, and they went to the bustling market. The market was a very fun place to be because there were people who sold spices, different kinds of foods, and fruit. Lena found an old lady who had white hair and five ponytails that were all on top of each other. She was also wearing a necklace that had a lot of different colors in it and was made of jewels. The old lady was selling fruit and using a hula hoop to dance. When she saw Lena and Ziyad, she asked them if they wanted any fruit. Lena and Ziyad said yes, so the old lady put down her hula hoop, grabbed a special bag, and gave Lena a date and Ziyad a fig.

Lena and Ziyad went through all of the people in the market on their way back to their house, which was near the castle. When they got to the house, they showed their mama the fig and date that they got. Their mama said that these were special figs and special dates and that they should cover them with a towel and go to sleep to see what they turned into in the morning.

So Lena and Ziyad went to sleep that night in their beds. When they woke up the next morning, before they brushed their teeth and ate cereal, they told their mama and daddy that they wanted to check on the fig and date. They went down to the kitchen where the fig was under one towel and the date was under another towel. They picked up the towels, and under one, they saw a unicorn, and under the other, they saw a dinosaur. The fig had turned into a unicorn, and the date had turned into a dinosaur. These creatures were not so big; they were pretty small and only about as big as could fit in Lena's hands.

Ziyad was at first not so gentle, but Lena told Ziyad that he had to be gentle with the unicorn and dinosaur because they were just babies. The unicorn decided to go on Lena's shoulders, and the dinosaur decided to go on Ziyad's shoulders. They went outside, walking around away from the market. They decided to go away from the streets near the castle and out to the desert. Lena and Ziyad opened the gate to the outside of the city and got right into the desert, carrying their dinosaur and unicorn with them on their shoulders.

When they got out, a big wind blew, and it had so much sand in it that it made it very hard for Lena and Ziyad to see. But suddenly, the unicorn said, "Squeak, squeak," and the dinosaur said, "RA." Suddenly, it was possible for Lena and Ziyad to see because there was a magic carpet in the air that came right to them. Lena and Ziyad rode the magic carpet with their unicorn and dinosaur, and they flew on a ride through the desert. They went on top of the sandstorm, and they were able to see from the top of the desert where the castle was.

Far away from the castle, they saw that there was a big rock falling down, and that the rock might fall down from outer space and come crash everything and make all dinosaurs go away and unicorns. This was a giant meteor. Lena and Ziyad decided that they would let go of their magic carpet and have their magic carpet go to outer space to stop a meteor that was going to kill the dinosaurs and unicorns. Lena and Ziyad got off their magic carpet, and luckily for them, the dinosaur that they had on their shoulder had wings, and the unicorn, even though it was little, was able to carry both Lena and Ziyad. So they all got back down to the ground safely.

Lena and Ziyad went to their parents' house and told their parents that they had an adventure in the desert. They stopped a meteor from coming to Earth and killing the dinosaur and unicorn. They were so happy, and their mom and dad told them that they could keep the dinosaur and unicorn as pets. From then on, Lena and Ziyad were the only kids in the whole town near the castle that had a pet unicorn and dinosaur. Lena and Ziyad lived happily ever after. The end.