Welcome to makeup. The Kids Bedtime Womb is tonight's makeup story is a request from two listeners who are siblings. Lena, who's four years old, and Ziyad, her younger brother, who's two. And Lena and Ziyad asked for us to make up a story about a dinosaur and a unicorn. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two siblings whose names were Lena and Ziyad. Lena and Ziyad lived in a desert right outside of a large castle. And the castle that they lived next to had big towers coming up from it. And it had outside places where people used to dance and sing and wear special costumes and wardrobes. Did it have to pune the ground? No. And the castle had bows and arrow on the top to guard against any enemy invaders. But Lena and Ziyad had never seen any enemies. Lena and Ziad lived right outside the castle. And one day, Lena's mama told Lena that she would like for Lena to go to the market and to buy some special fruit. And so Lena brought her little brother Ziyad and they went outside the bustling market. The market was a very fun place to be because there were people who sold spices and they had buckets of different spices and there were also people who sold different kinds of foods. And some of the foods smelled really nice. And some of the foods lena and Zod didn't know what they were. And there were also people who sold fruit in the market. And Lena found lena found that there was an old lady. And the old lady had white hair and five ponytails that were all on top of each other. And she was also wearing a necklace that had a lot of different colors in it and was made of jewels. And the old lady was selling some fruit. And the old lady also had a hula hoop. And a hula hoop is like a big ring that you could put around your body and make it go round and round as you dance. And the old lady with the five ponytails and the jewels in her necklace was using the hula hoop to dance. And when she saw Lena and Ziad, she asked them if they wanted any fruit. And Lena and Ziad said yes. So the old lady put down her hula hoop and grabbed in a special bag and gave Lena a date. And she gave Ziyad a fig. And Lena and Ziad went through all of the people in the market on their way back to their house, which was near the castle. When Lena and Ziyad got to the house, lena and Ziyad showed their mama the fig and date that they got. And their mama said, this does not look like a regular fig because regular figs are kinds of fruits that are pretty sweet and wrinkly. And Lena's dadda looked at the date and said, this is not a date. Another difference between the fruit. The fig and date that Lena and Ziad brought is that theirs looked kind of sparkly. Lena and Ziad's mama told them that these were special figs and special dates and that they should cover them with a towel and go to sleep and see what they turned into in the morning. So Lena and Ziyad went to sleep that night in their beds. And when they woke up the next morning, before they brushed their teeth, they told their mama and daddy that they want to in the morning. You don't brush your teeth. Some people do, and that's an example of a family that does. Before they brush their teeth and ate cereal. Lena and Ziad told their parents that it was very important to check on the fig and date. And they went down to the kitchen where the fig was under one towel and the date was under another towel, and they picked up the towels, and under one they saw a unicorn, and the other they saw a dinosaur. And so the fig turned into a unicorn, and the date turned into a dinosaur. These dinosaurs and this unicorn were not so big. They were pretty small and only about as big as could fit in Lena's hands. And Ziyad was at first not so gentle. But Lena told Ziad that Ziyad had to be gentle with the unicorn and dinosaur because they were just babies. And the unicorn decided to go on Lena's shoulders, and the dinosaurs decided to go on Ziad's shoulders, and they went outside, and Lena and Ziad carried their dinosaur as they went outside, walking around away from the market. They decided to go away from the streets near the castle and out to the desert. And so Lena and Ziad opened the gate to the outside of the city, and they got right into the desert, carrying their dinosaur and unicorn with them on their shoulder. And when they got out, a big wind blust erred and the blue, let's say. And the big wind had so much sand in it, and the big wind made it very hard for Lena and Ziad to see. But suddenly the unicorn said, Squeak, squeak. And the dinosaur said, RA. And suddenly it was possible for Lena and Ziyad to see because there was a magic carpet in the air that came right to them. And Lena and Ziad rode the magic carpet with their unicorn and with their dinosaur, and they flew on a ride through the desert. They went on top of the sandstorm, and they were able to see from the top of the desert where the castle was. And far away from the castle, they saw that there was a big rock falling down and that the rock might fall down from outer space and come crash everything and make all dinosaurs go away and unicorns. And this was a giant meteor. And Lena and Zod decided that they would let go of their magic carpet and have their magic carpet go to outer space to stop a meteor that was going to kill the dinosaurs and unicorns. And Lena and Ziad got off their magic carpet, and luckily for them, the dinosaur that they had on their shoulder had wings. And the unicorn, even though it was little, was able to carry both Lena and Ziyad. So they all got back down to the ground safely. And Lena and Ziad went to their parents house, and they told their parents that they had an adventure in the desert. And they stopped a meteor from coming to Earth and killing the dinosaur and unicorn. And they were so happy. And their mom and dad told them that they could keep the dinosaur and unicorn as pets. And from then and there, Lena and Ziad were the only kids in the whole town near the castle that had a pet unicorn and dinosaur. And Lena and Ziad lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to life and too makeup because they like it.