Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Lila. Lila was walking outside with her mom on the sidewalk, holding her mom's hand. Lila said to her mom, "It's so much fun when we go one, two, three, we, and you and dad hold my hands, and each of you holds one hand, and you kind of make me go in the air a little bit." Lila's mom said, "Yep, that's so much fun." Lila asked, "Can you ask dad to come walk with us?" Lila's mom agreed, and then Lila's dad came outside and said, "Lila, can I hold one of your hands? And mom will hold your other hand, and we'll go, one, two, three, we, and we'll swing you in the air." Lila said, "Yeah, that will be so much fun."

So Lila's dad and Lila's mom held Lila's hands, and they picked her up a little bit, and they said, "One, two, three, we." Lila went flying through the air and skipped some steps on the sidewalk. When she landed, she saw some crayons right by her feet. The crayons didn't look like regular crayons because they were a little bit bigger than normal, and they also had smiley faces on them. Lila asked her mom and her dad if she could pick up the crayons, and Lila's parents said, "Well, there is a note next to the crayons that says, 'Whoever finds these crayons can keep them.'" So Lila said, "Okay, then we can take them home." Lila's parents said, "Let's go try out the magic crayons at home."

On the way, the crayons fell out of Lila's hands because they were big crayons, and Lila's hands weren't as big as a grownup's hands, so some of the crayons fell onto the sidewalk. Lila looked down at the sidewalk, and she saw that the crayons were standing up by themselves, and they were drawing on the sidewalk all by themselves. Crayons that could stand up and draw by themselves! Lila said she couldn't believe it. And not only were the crayons drawing, but chalk was coming out of them. The crayons started to dance around, and they drew hopscotch squares on the sidewalk.

One of the crayons said, "Oh, I want to jump through it." Lila said, "Mom, dad, this crayon talks. The magic crayon talks." Lila's mom and dad watched as the talking crayon started to go at the end of the hopscotch boxes and hop to the next one and then jump to the next one. The crayon was able to jump all the way by itself to the end of the hopscotch boxes, which was chalk on the sidewalk.

Lila asked her mom, "Mom, do you think the crayons will listen to me if I start talking to them?" Lila's mom said, "Well, why don't you just try?" So Lila said, "Purple crayon." When she said "purple crayon," the purple crayon didn't listen. The green crayon listened. The green crayon said, "Lila, did you just call me?" Lila said, "No, I said 'purple crayon.'" The green crayon said, "We're silly crayons. And even though I'm the green crayon, I could make purple color come out, and the purple color crayon can make green color come out." Lila said, "Really?" The crayon said, "Yes."

The green crayon, which had secret purple inside, started to follow Lila, and the purple crayon said, "What can I do?" Lila asked, "Can you draw a rainbow?" The green crayon said, "I didn't know there's so much green in rainbows." Lila said, "Well, can you tell the other crayons that they should make a rainbow?" The green crayon started to talk in crayon language. It told all of the crayons that first the red color should go, then the orange crayon, then the yellow crayon, then it would be green's turn, then blue, and then the purple crayon to make a really good rainbow.

All of the crayons started to dance about and say, "Weebly." They started to make chalk go all over the street. Soon there was a giant, giant rainbow made out of chalk in the street in front of Lila's house. At the very end of the rainbow, some of the crayons were drawing a magic treasure. Lila saw that there really was a magic treasure box at the end of the rainbow because the treasure box wasn't just a drawing of chalk. After the crayons drew the treasure box, it became a real treasure box.

Lila told her parents that she wanted to try to open the treasure box, which was at the end of the chalk rainbow in front of Lila's house. Lila's parents said, "Okay." Lila carefully went over to the treasure box at the end of the rainbow, and she saw that she could open it up by pulling the top off. She opened up the treasure box, and at first, she didn't see anything inside the treasure box. There was no gold, no silver, no bracelets, and no crowns. But then Lila saw that there was a secret sneaky compartment under the treasure box. After opening the treasure box, it looked like it was the bottom, but really there was a secret part under that.

Lila picked up the secret part of the treasure box, and a fairy came out. It was really a fairy that lived in the treasure box at the end of the chalk rainbow. The fairy came out, and Lila asked, "Fairy, how did you come alive?" The fairy said that it was the crayons' friend and that the crayons, whenever they wanted her to come alive, all they did was they drew a rainbow with some chalk, and then they had to draw a treasure box at the end. Sometimes it works if you say the right magic words, the treasure box will become real, and there'll be a fairy that comes out of it.

The fairy told Lila that anyone could do it. It didn't even have to be magic crayons that drew it. But then one of the magic crayons told the fairy, "Fairy, I drew out of the lines when I was making the rainbow. Could you help erase the extra part that was out of the line?" The fairy flew right to the part that was out of the lines, and the fairy used her magic wand to erase it.

Lila asked the fairy and the crayons if they could hop into her house. The crayons had to hop into her house, and the fairy flew, carrying her magic wand. Lila showed the fairy her coloring book and said, "Fairy, can you look at my coloring book?" The fairy said, "Lila, I can't believe that you turned six years old and your drawings are so good." Lila's drawings looked like a seven-year-old's drawings, even though she just turned six, and all of the drawings looked so good.

Finally, Lila said, "Fairy, there are a couple of places where I drew with crayons out of the line. Can you help erase those?" The fairy lifted her magic wand and touched it on the coloring book, and then all of the things that were out of the lines went away. They got erased. The fairy said to Lila that if she ever wanted to color two pictures at a time, she could use regular crayons to color one picture, and then she could tell the other crayons, the magic ones, that they should draw another picture by themselves. Lila could just say what the picture would be.

For example, if Lila wanted the crayons to draw a picture of a princess castle with a unicorn and a mermaid that was flying out of a lake made up of orange juice, she could tell the dancing crayons to color that all by themselves. They loved to color, and they loved to listen to Lila because she was the one who found them. From then on, Lila became the best kid artist in the world. Some of the paintings she made and some of the drawings she made, she made by herself, and some she made with the magic crayons, who didn't only do chalk paintings. The magic crayons could also make marker come out of them, pencil, and even sometimes, regular crayon stuff. Lila loved her new crayons, and she and her family lived happily ever after. The end.