Welcome to make up stories. My name is Lila. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Lila. I live in Cini Valley, California, and I'm going to turn six on March 1. I would like a story about a girl who loves to draw denting crayons and a fairy that could arrange things. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Lila who lives in Sime Valley, California, and who turned six years old today on March 1. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Lila. And Lila asked for us to make up a story that includes a girl who loves to draw, some dancing crayons, and a fairy who can erase things. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Lila. Lila was walking outside with her mom on the sidewalk, and Lila was holding her mom's hand. And Lila said to her mom, it's so much fun when we go one, two, three, we, and you and dad hold my hands, and each of you holds one hand, and you kind of make me go in the air a little bit. And Lila's mom said, Yep, that's so much fun. And Lila said, can you ask dad to come walk with us? And Lila's mom said okay. And then Lila's dad came outside and said, lila, can I hold one of your hands? And mom will hold your other hand, and we'll go, one, two, three, we, and we'll swing you in the air. And Lila said, yeah, that will be so much fun. So Lila's dad and Lila's mom held Lila's hands, and they picked her up a little bit, and they said, one, two, three, we. And then Lila went flying through the air and skipped some steps on the sidewalk. When she landed, she saw that there were some crayons right by her feet. The crayons didn't look like regular crayons because they were a little bit bigger than normal, and they also had smiley faces on them. Lila asked her mom and her dad if she could pick up the crayons, and Lila's parents said, well, there is a note next to the crayons that says, whoever finds these crayons can keep them. So Lila said, okay, then we can take them home. And Lila's parents said, let's go try out the magic crayons at home. So Lila and her parents decided to go home. On the way, the crayons fell out of Lila's hands because they were big crayons, and Lila's hands weren't as big as, like, a grownup's hands, so some of the crayons fell down onto the sidewalk. Lila looked down at the sidewalk, and she saw that the crayons were standing up by themselves, and they were drawing on the sidewalk all by themselves. Crayons that could stand up and draw by themselves. Lila said she couldn't believe it. And not only were the crayons drawing, but chalk was coming out of them. And the crayons started to dance around, and they drew hopscotch squares on the sidewalk. And then one of the crayons said, oh, I want to jump through it. And Lila said, mom, dad, this crayon talks. The magic crayon talks. And Lila's mom and dad watched as the crayon that could talk started to go at the end of the hopscotch boxes and do a hop to the next one and then jump to the next one. And the crayon was able to jump all the way by itself to the end of the hopscotch boxes, which was chalk on the sidewalk. Lila said to her, mom, mom, do you think the crayons will listen to me if I start talking to them? And Lila's mom said, well, why don't you just try? So Lila said purple crayon. And when she said purple crayon, the purple crayon didn't listen. The green crayon listened. And the green crayon said, Lila, did you just call me? And Lila said no. I said, purple crayon. And the green crayon said, we're silly crayons. And even though I'm the green crayon, I could make purple color come out, and the purple color crayon that makes green color come out. And Lila said, really? And the crayon said, yes. So the green crayon, which had secret purple inside, started to follow Lila, and the purple crayon said, what can I do? And Lila said, can you draw a rainbow? And the green crayon said, I didn't know there's so much green in rainbows. And Lila said, well, can you tell the other crayons that they should make a rainbow? And the green crayon started to talk in crayon language. And he told all of the rainbows that first the red rain, the red he told all the crayons that first the red color should go and then the orange crayon and then the yellow crayon and then it would be green's turn and then blue and then purple crayon to make a really good rainbow. And all of the crayons started to dance about and say, weebly. And they started to make chalk go all over the street. And soon there was a giant, giant rainbow made out of chalk that was in the street in front of Lila's house. And right at the very end of the rainbow, some of the crayons were drawing a magic treasure. And Lila saw that there really was a magic treasure box at the end of the rainbow, because the treasure box wasn't just a drawing of chalk. After the crayons drew the treasure box, it became a real treasure box. So Lila told her parents that she wanted to try to open the treasure box, which was at the end of the chalk rainbow in front of Lila's house. And Lila's parents said, okay. So Lila carefully went over to the treasure box at the end of the rainbow, and she saw that she could open it up by pulling the top off, and she opened up the treasure box, and at first, she didn't see anything inside the treasure box. There was no gold. There was no silver. There were no bracelets. There was no crowns. But then Lila saw that there was a secret sneaky compartment under the treasure box. And after you opened the treasure box, it looked like it was the bottom, but really there was a secret part under that. So Lila picked up the secret part of the treasure box, and a fairy came out. It was really a fairy that lived in the treasure box at the end of the chalk rainbow. And the fairy came out, and Lila said, Fairy, how did you come alive? And the fairy said that it was the Crayon's friend and that the crayons, whenever they wanted her to come alive, all they did was they drew a rainbow with some chalk, and then they had to draw a treasure box at the end. And then sometimes it works. If you say the right magic words, the treasure box will become real, and there'll be a fairy that comes out of it. So kids can really try this. If you use chalk and it has to be the right colors of chalk, if you use chalk and make a big rainbow in front of your house on the sidewalk or somewhere like that, then sometimes if you say the right magic words and you draw a treasure box at the end of it, a fairy will come out. So that's what the fairy told Lila, that anyone could do it. It didn't even have to be magic crayons that drew it. But then one of the magic crayons told the fairy, fairy, I drew out of the lines when I was making the rainbow. Could you help erase the extra part that was out of the line? And the fairy flew right to the part that was out of the lines, and the fairy used her magic wand to erase it. And then Lila asked the fairy and the crayons if they could hop in. The crayons had to hop into her house, and the fairy flew, carrying her magic wand. And then Lila showed the fairy her coloring book. And Lila said, Fairy, can you look at my coloring book? And the fairy said, Lila, I can't believe that you turned six years old and your drawings are so good, because Lila's drawings looked like a seven year old's drawings, even though she just turned six, and all of the drawings looked so good. Finally, Lila said, fairy, there's a couple of places where I drew with crayons out of the line. Can you help erase those? And the fairy lifted her magic wand and touched it on the coloring book, and then all of the things that were out of the lines went away. They got erased. And the fairy said to Lila that if she ever wanted to color two pictures at a time, then she could use regular crayons to color one picture, and then she could tell the other crayons, the magic ones, that they should draw another picture by herself. And Lila could just say what the picture would be. So let's say Lila wanted them to draw a picture, wanted the crayons to draw a picture of a princess castle with a unicorn and a mermaid that was flying out of a lake that was made up of orange juice. Then Lila could just tell the dancing crayons to color that all by themselves. And they love to color, and they love to listen to Lila because she was the one who found them. And so, from then and there, lila became the best kid artist in the world. And some of the paintings she made and some of the drawings she made, she made by herself, and some she made with the magic crayons, who didn't only do chalk paintings, the magic crayons could also make marker come out of them, and pencil and even, sometimes, regular crayon stuff. Lila loved her new crayons, and she and her family lived happily ever after. The End I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Penny. I'm six and a half years old. I live in England. And here's something you can know. Sharks can have up sharks can have many rows of teeth in their mouth, and they can have up to 300 teeth. Thank you. Bye.