Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse loved to play games whenever they had free time. One of the games that Jesse was really good at was chess. He enjoyed moving the pieces on the board, capturing the enemy's pieces, and trying to get the king. Sometimes, Jesse played chess against the computer while his older brother Jonah learned about math, like what is one plus two? Or how many fingers would you have up if you lifted four fingers and then one more finger?

Jesse always wanted to understand how to do math. One day, as Jesse was eating his Cheerios, he knew that two plus two and one plus one were the only pluses he knew. He could also check other numbers on his fingers to count how many. But one day, while Jesse was eating his cereal in the morning, he looked into his bowl to see how many Cheerios there were. And right when he looked, he was able to instantly see how many there were, and it was 67. Jesse remembered that number 67. Soon, when he started going places, he could always tell how many things there were. Like, if he was shopping in a store and there was a freezer with ice creams, he could tell you right away how many ice creams there were, even if it was a big number. And if there were many kids playing tag and they were running around so fast, he could also count up the kids in no time at all. He could also see how fast they were because of math.

Jesse was also able to see how fast kids were when they were running. He could tell how many miles or kilometers they could go in an hour. Jesse learned to see how fast people were going just by looking at them. And if he looked up at the sky and saw a plane, he could tell you just by looking how far away the plane was and how fast it was going. All of the kids wanted to know, how did Jesse just know how to count things so well? So his teacher in preschool asked, "Jesse, where did you learn to count all of those things?" Jesse told his teacher about when he was eating the Cheerios, and he just saw how many there were by continuing to count, and it came to him right away.

Jesse's preschool teacher asked, "Jesse, can you write some math?" Jesse wrote one. Then he tried to do a line for plus, but he forgot how to make the plus. As he was looking at the paper, a red line floated on top of the sideways line, and it went up and down. Jesse saw that's how to make a plus. It's kind of like an X, but it goes up and down and from side to side. That's when Jesse learned how to do one plus one. Jesse also learned how to do division and multiplication.

Jesse decided he would start teaching these things to all of the grownups that he saw. If a grown-up needed to count how much money to give for buying something at a supermarket, Jesse could tell them right away how much money. Jesse used his new math powers to do lots of good things. For example, he measured how long a string would have to be on a kite so that if you held the kite, it could touch the cloud. Jesse learned to use math for other really important things, like figuring out how to make a big circle as big as a bike wheel and how far around that circle could go if the bike wheel turned five times.

But then one day, as Jesse was playing in the playground, he started writing numbers in the sand. A ghost came and tapped Jesse on his shoulder. When Jesse turned around to look at the ghost, the ghost disappeared. The numbers that Jesse wrote in the sand also disappeared. After they disappeared, Jesse realized he forgot how to count so fast. He went back home and counted his Cheerios again and again, getting better at math.

The ghost took away Jesse's power to do math by himself. So when Jesse got home the next day, he decided to count the number of Cheerios in his cereal. He did it again and again until he got better and better, and he ended up working so hard until he got really good at math and was able to do so many cool tricks. Jesse's house was full of cereal because he counted so much. Jesse, Jonah, and the rest of their family lived happily ever after. The end.