Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a town where all the police officers were kids. The chief of the police was a kid named Jesse. He wore a big blue police uniform with a badge and a hat. There was another police officer with red hair named Elijah. The mayor of the town was a kid named Jonah. This town had a lot of rules. For example, grownups were not allowed to drive cars. If a police officer like Jesse or Elijah saw a grown-up driving a car, they would get a ticket. The grown-up would then have to pay the police department some money or quarters.

Grownups could only use strollers to get around. These strollers were bigger than regular ones so they could fit grown-ups. They also had little engines and buttons that the grownups could use. The strollers would go on the street because there were no cars. They would stop at red lights and go at green lights. If there was a yellow light, the grownups had to drive the strollers quickly.

Another rule was that grownups could only eat when the kids said it was time. They couldn't have snacks or candy whenever they wanted. In this town, kids made a rule that grown-ups had to wait for breakfast, lunch, or dinner to eat.

In the real world, grown-ups are usually the police officers and the mayor. But in this town, kids were in charge. The kids were the same size as regular kids, but they had the power. Grownups were big, but they had to listen to the kids.

Jonah, the mayor, decided to make a new rule because people were starting to protest and complain. Kids used to be in charge, but when they became teenagers, they had to listen to the little kids. Teenagers were like grown-ups, but they could do a few things by themselves.

One day, there was a problem. Another town was trying to invade. Everyone from that town was running from their playground, carrying toys. They planned to throw the toys all over the town, making a mess. Mayor Jonah knew this was happening and had a plan.

The kids in charge of the town had built a big ear at the entrance. It was as big as a building. Jonah's idea was to get the invading kids to go to the ear, where there would be a big surprise. When the invading kids got to the ear, they shouted, "We're going to get you!" The ear was special because it would shout back whatever was said, but louder. The invading kids got scared and some went back to their playground.

Elijah, the police officer with red hair, and Jesse, the police chief, told the ear to stand up and pick up the remaining invading kids. The ear had little arms with gloves that grew out of its side. It picked up the kids like a claw machine picks up stuffed animals. The ear held the kids upside down until they dropped their toys, then let them down gently. The kids decided to go home.

Mayor Jonah made an announcement to the town, thanking Elijah and Jesse for saving the day. All the grownups were happy as they watched from their strollers. Jonah, Jesse, Elijah, and everyone else in the town lived happily ever after. The end.