Yiddi. Diana. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Alexis. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request for my two kids, Jonah and Jesse. Jesse asks for there to be a big ear in the story. And the ear could lift you up and hold you upside down. And Jonah asks for there to be a war in the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a town where the police were all kids. And the chief of the police was a kid named Jesse. And he wore a big blue police uniform with a police badge and a police hat. And there was another police officer who had red hair. And that police officer was a kid named Elijah. And the mayor of the town was kid named Jonah. And there were a lot of rules in this town. For example, the grownups were not allowed to drive cars. If one of the police officers like Jesse or Elijah with the red hair saw a grown up driving a car, then that grown up would get a ticket. And the grown up would have to then pay the police department some money or quarters. The only thing that grownups were allowed to go in if they wanted to get places was strollers. And the strollers were kind of bigger than regular strollers so that they could fit grown ups. And the strollers also had little engines on them and they had buttons that the grownups could go. And the strollers would go on the street because there were no cars. And they would stop at the red light and they would go at the green light. And if there was a yellow light, then the grownups would have to drive the strollers pretty quickly. And the other thing is that the grownups were only allowed to eat when the kids said it was time to eat. So like grownups couldn't just have snack or candy whenever they wanted because that isn't fair anyway, that grownups could sometimes do that in the real world and kids can't. So in this town, the kids made a rule that grown ups had to wait for lunch or for dinner or for breakfast to get food. In the real world, like the grown ups are actually the police and chief and everything. Yeah, in the real world, usually grown ups are the police officers and the mayor and stuff because they always are. But in this world, the kids were were you going to say, I think the world is actually kind of fail because the kids it's not fun for them waiting for movies or snack time to do whatever play time, like have a board time, just not happy in the car drive. But it sort of is fair because the grown ups, your parents will have to get food. They have to pay money to get a lot of things for you. Yeah, well, in this town, there were some rules that the kids made. Like, for example, if grownups wanted to watch a movie, then all of the grownups would have to sit on the floor and they would have to cross their legs for movie time. And the kids got to choose what kind of movie it was. And the grownups only got to watch cartoons. And the cartoons that the grownups got to watch, it depended on how good their behavior was. So if the grownups were really behaving, then they might get to watch a longer cartoon. And if the grownups weren't behaving so well, then the kids didn't let them watch any cartoons at all. So, as you can imagine, the grownups in this town really behaved and they really tried to listen to kids. And the kids told the grownups that they had to go to school during the day, and the grownups used to go to daycare or elementary school. And while they were there, sometimes they could play and sometimes they had to listen and sometimes they had to learn. And then after yeah, in this town, do the grown ups just look like the kids because they're just low down, and then the kids just look like grown ups because they're higher up? No, in this town, the kids were the same size as regular kids, but they were just in charge. And the grownups were big, but they weren't in charge and had to listen. Grow up and become grown up. Yeah. And that's why Jonah, who is the mayor, decided to make a new rule in the town, because people were starting to protest and they were starting to complain because the kids used to be in charge. And then once the kids would become like teenagers, they started to worry that they would lose their rights, that they wouldn't get to do things. And once kids became teenagers, that's when they had to listen to the little kids. So teenagers were kind of like grown ups, only they could do a little bit of things by themselves. When you turn 18, yeah, in most countries, that's when you're considered a grown up. But the teenagers were allowed to do things like ride bicycles. But the real grown ups, the kids didn't even let ride bicycles. And there was a big problem, because one day there was a different town that was trying to invade. And everyone from that town was running from the playground in that town. And they were all carrying all sorts of toys. And they were going to run into this town where the kids were in charge, and they were going to throw the toys all over the town. And the toys would be all over the street, broken, and then the kids would have to clean it up and it wouldn't have been fair at all. And so the mayor, whose name was Jonah, knew that this was happening. And the kids, as they were coming, he knew they were going to chant, we're going to get you. We're going to know. Because he saw like a little bit of faces coming from the bushes, from the playground. Jonah had binoculars and he was looking through the binoculars and he could see far away that they were coming. But he had a plan because the kids that were in charge of this town, they had a big ear. And the ear was like right at the entrance to the town, the main road, next to one of those traffic lights that go red, yellow and green. They had a big ear that all of the kids made together as a project. And the way that the ear that was at the entrance to the town worked, it was so big, it was like as big as a building. And Jonah, his idea was to get all of the kids that were trying to invade, he would get them to go to where the ear was and there would be a big surprise. And so all of the kids that were trying to invade from the playground in the different town, they were running and they were carrying their toys and they got right up to the big ear and they shouted, we're going to get you. But the ear was pretty special because whatever you shouted into the ear, the ear shouted back at you, but even louder. And so the ear heard all of the kids say, we're going to get you. And the ear blew out some sounds from the opposite way that said, we're going to get you. And the kids who were invading, they didn't know where that noise was coming from because usually ears could just hear, they can't talk, and they got a little bit scared. So some of them went back to the playground and decided not to invade and not to throw their toys. Yes, some of the kids were still there and they were still going to invade. And that's when Elijah, the police officer with the red hair, and Jesse, who is the police chief, that's when they told the ear to stand up and to pick up some of the kids who were trying to invade. And the ear had little arms that grew out of the side of the ear, little white arms, and it had gloves. And it picked up those kids just like a claw machine does when it picks up, like, stuffies. And it picked up the kids. Claw machines usually do this? Yes, the claw machines usually go down and you could control where it goes with the joystick. And then it might grab a stuffy and a stuffy or a candy and it might fall off. And the ear had some claw machine hands come out of its side and it picked up the kids that were trying to invade and it held them upside down until they dropped their toys. And then the claw machine hand that came out of the ear let them down gently, and they decided to go home. And so Jonah, who is the mayor, made an announcement to the city. He said thank you to Elijah and also to the police chief, Jesse, for saving the city and for making sure that nobody could invade and litter their toys all over the street. And all of the grownups were so happy because they were watching in their strollers as Jonah and Jesse saved the day. And Jonah and Jesse and everyone else in the city lived happily ever after. The end of night. Oh, yeah. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is UYAs. Go to makeup stories.com to join the club. Tell your friends.