Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They were out on a walk on a beach with pink sand. As they walked, they made footprints on the beach. Every time they made a footprint behind them, they noticed another footprint in front of them. The more they walked, the more pink footprints appeared in front of them.

Jesse told Jonah that the footprints must be made by a ghost leading them to a magic treasure. So, they decided to follow the footprints along the pink, sandy beach, which was next to the ocean. They walked so far until they saw where the footprints stopped, right by a big sandcastle that looked like it took some kids a long time to make.

Next to the sandcastle, there was a big white sign that said, "Treasure here." Jesse and Jonah started digging with their hands to see if they could find the treasure in the pink sand. They got pink sand all over their nails and fingers. They kept digging until they found a treasure box. It was kind of heavy, so they both had to use both of their hands to lift it out of the pink sand.

The treasure box was locked, and there was no way to open it. Jesse and Jonah wondered how they could possibly open the box because the lock was made of metal and was really strong. That's when Jesse found a little twig, a small stick that he could put in the lock. He pushed it in the part where you put the key, and the lock opened. Jonah lifted the top of the treasure box.

When they opened it up, a light went on in the treasure box, and everything around them started to glow, including their bodies. But it was a trap! When they opened the treasure box, Jesse and Jonah's arms and legs fell off and switched places. Their legs went where their arms were supposed to be, and their arms went where their legs were supposed to be. It was a big problem.

There was nothing for them to do but walk on their hands to get back to their parents by the parking lot. It wasn't easy to walk on their hands because their arms usually weren't as strong as their legs. But Jesse and Jonah had no choice, so they started to walk on their hands to get back to their parents.

When they put one hand down in the pink sand, they saw a new handprint in front of them, and they knew it was a trick. So they were very careful not to just follow the handprints, because that might lead to another tricky treasure. Instead, they headed straight back to the parking lot.

When they finally got there, it was past lunchtime, and they were hot and tired. Their mom, Amanda, saw them and started to cry because their arms and legs were switched. Jesse and Jonah also started to cry. They didn't know how to get in the car seat, because car seats are not meant for kids with switched arms and legs.

It took a lot of figuring out before their dad, Steve, realized they could put the car seats upside down in the car. Finally, Jonah and Jesse got strapped into the car seats upside down, and they went straight to the hospital.

At the hospital, they went to the emergency room. Steve carried Jonah, and Amanda carried Jesse because it was too hard for them to walk on their hands. A nurse asked if they went to the pink beach and followed any footprints. They said they did, and the nurse left the room.

Soon, Dr. MacDougall came in and asked about their adventure on the pink sandy beach. He asked if they found a treasure box by the sandcastle. Jesse wasn't sure if he should say, but Jonah told him it was okay. They told Dr. MacDougall about the twig and the trap.

Dr. MacDougall said this happened to many kids that day, and there was only one way to fix it. Another kid, a teenager, had followed handprints and found a magic potion buried in blue sand. The teenager brought the potion to the hospital.

The doctor gave Jonah and Jesse some of the magic potion to drink. At first, they were scared, but they decided to try it. When they drank the potion, their arms and legs went back to where they were supposed to be, but their hair turned blue.

Jonah and Jesse had to live the rest of their lives with blue hair, but at least their arms and legs were in the right place. Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. This is the best club ever. Tell your friends. No close.