Aya nayo AI. Welcome to makeup. Starry eve. My name is AV. Go to makeupstaries.com and join our club. Thank you. Nayo AI. Okay, Jesse, what do you want in tonight's makeup story? A doctor that can just say magugala and then you're fixed magugala. Yeah. Okay. A doctor that could just say magugala and then you're fixed. Jonah. What do you want in the story? I don't know, and Jonah doesn't know. Okay. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse were out on a walk on a beach that had pink sand. And they would make footsteps on the beach. And every time they made one footstep behind them, they noticed that there would be a footprint in front of them also. And the longer they walked, the more pink footprints there were in front of them. And Jesse told Jonah that the footprints must be made by a ghost that was leading them to a magic treasure. And so Jesse and Jonah decided to follow those footprints along the pink, sandy beach, which was next to the ocean. And they went so far along the beach until they saw where the footprint stopped, and the footprint stopped by a big sandcastle that it looks like it took some kids a long time to make. And Jesse and Jonah saw that next to the sand castle, there was a big white sign, and the sign said, treasure here. So Jesse and Jonah decided to start digging with their hands to see if they could find the treasure in the pink sand. And they got pink sand all over their nails and all over their fingers. And they kept digging and digging until finally they saw a treasure box. The treasure box was kind of heavy, and so Jesse and Jonah both had to use both of their hands to pick the treasure box up out of the pink sand. And then they saw that the treasure box was locked, and there was no way to open it. And so Jesse and Jonah were wondering how could they possibly get the treasure box to open? Because the lock was made of metal, and it was a really strong lock. But that's when Jesse realized that there was a little twig, a little stick that he could put in the lock. And if he pushed it in the part where you put the key, then the lock would just open. So he pushed it in, and the locked lock opened. And then Jonah lifted up the top of the treasure box. And when they opened it up, a light went on in the treasure box, and everything around them started to glow, including their bodies. But it was a trap, because when they opened the treasure box, jesse and Jonah's arms fell off, and their legs also fell off. And their legs went where their arms were supposed to be. And their arms went where their legs were supposed to be. It was a trap, and this was a big problem. So there was nothing for them to do but to walk on their hands to get all the way back to where their parents were by the parking lot. And it kind of is not so easy to walk on your hands because your arms usually aren't as strong as your legs. But jesse and jonah had no choice, so they started to walk on their hands to get all the way back to where their parents were. And when they put one hand down in the pink sand, they saw that there was a new handprint that would be in front of them, and they knew it was a trick. So they were very careful not to just follow the handprints, because that might lead to another tricky treasure. But instead, they headed straight back to the parking lot. When they finally got and it took a really long time, it was past lunchtime when they finally got to the parking lot, and it was sunny, and they were hot. When they finally got to the parking lot and their parents saw them, their mom started to cry because amanda saw jonah and jesse, and that jesse's arms were where his legs were supposed to be, and his legs were where his arms were supposed to be. And the same with jonah. And she was like, oh, no, this is going to be very difficult for my kids. And when their mom started to cry, jesse and jonah also started to cry. And they didn't know how to get in the car seat, because car seats are not meant for kids that have arms where their legs are supposed to be. And it took a lot of figuring out before steve realized they could put the car seats upside down in the car, and that's how they could get strapped into the car seats. Finally, jonah and jesse got strapped into the car seats upside down, and they decided to go straight to the hospital. And there was no siren in the car. And so what steve decided to do was he found a radio station that made a woo woo sound, and he turned the radio in the car as loud as it could go. So as they were going to the hospital, the car was saying, woo woo, woo woo, just like an ambulance. And they went as fast as they could all the way to the nearest hospital. When they got to the nearest hospital, they went straight to the emergency room. And this time, steve carried jonah, and amanda carried jesse, because it was too hard for them to walk on their hands the whole time. And jesse was getting kind of upset, so he started kicking with his legs, but his legs were where his arms were. And when there was a nurse that tried to hold him, jesse just kicked. And the nurse said, that's not so nice to kick and Jesse and he decided not to let the nurse hold her. The nurse said, did you guys go to that pink beach? And Jonah and Jesse said that they did. And the nurse said, did you guys follow any footprints? And they said that they did. And then the nurse disappeared, and she closed the door behind her. And Jonah and Jesse, when they were in the hospital room, they could hear some whispering outside of the door. And the nurse was talking to a doctor. And the doctor had a lot of he was wearing a white coat, and the doctor had a stethoscope, which is a medical instrument, around his neck. And the doctor also had a kind of it looked a little bit like a hammer and a little bit like a wand. And then Jesse and Jonah heard knocking on the door, and Jonah said, who is it? And the doctor said it's dr. MacDougall. And Dr. MacDougall went in, and he said, I heard you guys went for a walk on the pink sandy beach next to the ocean. And Jonah and Jesse said that they did. And Dr. McDougal said, can I ask you something? And Jonah. And Jesse said yes. And he said, did you see any sand castles? And they said, yes. And then the doctor says, and this is very important. Did you find a treasure box by the sandcastle? And Jesse wasn't sure if he should say because it wasn't his treasure box, but the treasure box was a trap. And he didn't know if the doctor was maybe the one who hid the treasure box, and maybe it was secretly a bad doctor. But Jonah told Jesse that he could say. So. Jesse told Dr. McDougall that he did indeed see a treasure box. And the doctor asked how he opened the treasure box. And that's when Jesse and Jonah told the doctor the trick about the twig the little stick that they put in the keyhole and how it opened the treasure box and how a light went on and it started to glow. And then suddenly their arms and legs fell off and switched places. And the doctor said that this happened to so many kids that day, and there was only one way that he could get their arms and legs to go back in the same place. And Jonah and Jesse said, well, how could we do it? And the doctor said, Well, I found out there was a different kid that this happened to. Also, it was a teenager. And the teenager decided to follow the handprints after his hands and legs switched. And he found that if you followed the handprints, there was a magic potion that was buried in blue sand. And that teenager got the magic potion, and he brought it to the hospital. And the teenager was in the hospital, and the doctor asked him to come into the room. So the teenager entered the room, and the teenager had blue hair. And the doctor put he poured a little bit of the magic potion in a spoon, and he told jesse to drink the blue magic potion from the spoon. And he also told jonah to drink some. At first, they didn't want to because they weren't sure if the doctor was tricking them. But finally, jonah and jesse decided it would be better to just try the magic blue potions than live the rest of their lives with their arms where their legs were supposed to be. And their legs where their arms were supposed to be. So jonah and jesse drank a little bit of the magic potion, and when they drank the magic potion, their arms went back to where they were supposed to be. And their legs went back to where they were supposed to be. But their hair turned blue. And jonah and jesse had to live the rest of their lives with blue hair. But at least their arms and legs were in the right place. And jonah and jesse and steve and amanda lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. This is the best club ever. Tell your friends know close.