Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Evelyn. Evelyn went with her mom to the playground near her house. At the playground, there were some fun swings, a slide, and a structure that kids could climb on. It was a very fun playground because it also had a sandbox.

Well, Evelyn saw that right next to the sandbox, there was a humongous butterfly. Regular butterflies could be about the size of fingers or maybe a kid's hand. But the butterfly that Evelyn saw was as big as a dog. Evelyn didn't know that butterflies could get that big. It was a really beautiful orange and red butterfly with wings as big as a baby. The butterfly was flying on top of the swings, and all the kids were trying to go higher and higher on the swings so they could touch the pretty butterfly.

But the butterfly flapped its wings, and Evelyn said, "Mom, let's go find the butterfly." Evelyn and her mom followed the butterfly away from the playground to the swamp behind it. In the swamp, there was a little red fox. The fox said he was friends with the butterfly and that he could talk because he once met a princess. The princess gave the fox some magical talking powers.

The fox told Evelyn that the butterfly wasn't supposed to go out in public and nobody was supposed to see it because nobody's really supposed to know that such big butterflies exist. The big butterfly came from the biggest caterpillar that ever lived. The biggest caterpillar was very nice, soft, and friendly, but it was as big as a snake, and that's why it turned into such a big butterfly.

The red fox asked Evelyn and her mom if they wanted to go for a butterfly ride. They said yes, so the fox showed them how to climb onto the back of the butterfly. The butterfly could give people a ride and they could go higher and higher through the sky up until the clouds. Evelyn and her mom were so high on the butterfly, they could see airplanes flying in the sky. They even saw a rocket ship take off and go to the moon.

Evelyn told her mom that she wanted the butterfly to go all the way to the North Pole. So Evelyn's mom asked the pretty butterfly if it could go there, and the butterfly said yes. The butterfly flapped its wings as it passed some parrots and other colorful birds on the way to the North Pole.

When Evelyn and her mom got to the North Pole, they saw a big castle made out of snow. The castle was white, cold, and had lots of different rooms and windows. There was a slide that went all the way from the top of the castle to the bottom, and the slide was made of ice. Evelyn told her mom that she thought this was really the castle that Anna and Elsa escaped to when they wanted to be by themselves. Evelyn's mom agreed, saying it really might be because Anna and Elsa did special things with ice and snow.

Evelyn told the butterfly to land by the castle. The butterfly landed on the castle roof near the big ice slide. Evelyn, her mom, and the red fox went off the big butterfly and decided to go for a ride down the ice slide. When Evelyn went down the slide, she saw a big chocolate lake at the bottom. Evelyn and her mom got into the chocolate lake, and they were covered with chocolate. Evelyn's mom said they would need to take a bath.

Then the fox went down the slide, saying "wee!" as it slid. It got to the big tub of chocolate at the bottom and turned into a chocolate fox. Evelyn and her mom went out of the chocolate pool, and Evelyn said they would need to get the chocolate off their hair and faces so they wouldn't be sticky.

Evelyn remembered that in the North Pole, there weren't many bugs to worry about because it was too cold for most bugs. So they didn't have to worry about bugs, but they did want to be clean. Evelyn and her mom took a snow shower, which is like a regular shower, but instead of water, snow falls out. The snow was a little wet, so it could wipe the chocolate off. The chocolate went down the drain all the way to a chocolate factory, which turned it into chocolate candy.

Now that they were all cleaned up, Evelyn put on a princess dress and said they were ready to go in the castle. Evelyn knocked on the door of the castle, and after she knocked, the door opened up from the ceiling instead of the regular way. Inside the snow castle, everything was made of diamonds and rubies. Anna and Elsa were sitting in the castle, saying they wanted to play.

Evelyn told Anna and Elsa that she could play with them and that she also knew a little bit of magic because she was just on a big magic butterfly. Anna and Elsa asked if they could see the big butterfly because they also didn't know that butterflies could be that big. When Evelyn showed them the big butterfly, they said they wanted to be friends with Evelyn and share the butterfly.

So Evelyn, her mom, Anna, Elsa, and the chocolate fox lived happily ever after. The end.