My name is Olivia. Welcome to make the stories tell y'all your friends. Hi, I'm elovin, and I'm three years old. I wanna tell you about Anna and Elsa and end that red flots. Thank you. Thank you. Bye bye. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named evelyn who lives in Florida and who turns four years old in two days on June 26. And so we want to say happy birthday, Evelyn. Happy birthday, Evelyn. And Evelyn asked for us to make up a story that includes Anna and elsa and a chocolate fox. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Evelyn. Evelyn went with her mom to the playground near her house. And by the playground near her house, there were some fun swings, and there was a slide, and there was a structure that kids could climb on. And it was a very fun playground because it also had a sandbox. Well, Evelyn saw that right next to the sandbox, there was a humongous butterfly. Regular butterflies could be about the size of fingers or maybe a kid's hand. But the butterfly that Evelyn saw was as big as a dog. And Evelyn didn't know that butterflies could get that big. But it was a really beautiful orange and red butterfly that was so big, its wings were as big as a baby. And the butterfly was flying on top of the swings. And all of the kids were trying to go higher and higher on the swings so that they could touch the pretty butterfly. But the butterfly flapped its wings, and Evelyn said, mom, let's go find the butterfly. And Evelyn and her mom followed the butterfly away from the playground to the swamp that was behind the playground. In the swamp that was behind the playground, there was a little red fox. And the little red fox said that he was friends with the butterfly and that he could talk because he once met a princess. And the princess gave the fox some magical talking powers. And the fox told Evelyn that the butterfly wasn't supposed to go out in public and nobody was supposed to see it because nobody's really supposed to know that such big butterflies exist. And the way that big butterfly existed is because it was from the biggest caterpillar that ever lived. And the biggest caterpillar that ever lived was very nice and very soft and very friendly, but it was as big as a snake, and that's why it turned into such a big butterfly. Well, the red fox asked Evelyn and Evelyn's mom if they wanted to go for a butterfly ride. And Evelyn and her mom said yes. So the fox said, look, I'll show you how to go on the butterfly ride. And the fox showed Evelyn and her mom that they could climb onto the back of the butterfly since it was so big, and the butterfly could give people a ride and they could go higher and higher through the sky up until the clouds. And Evelyn and her mom were so high on the butterfly, they could see airplanes flying in the sky. They even saw a rocket ship take off and go to the moon. Evelyn told her mom that she wanted the butterfly to go all the way to the North Pole. And so Evelyn's mom asked the pretty butterfly if it could go there, and the butterfly said yes. So the butterfly flapped its wings as it passed some parrots and other colorful birds on the way to the North Pole. When Evelyn and her mom got to the North Pole, they saw that there was a big castle that was made out of snow. The big castle was white, and it was so cold, and the castle had lots of different rooms in it and so many windows. And there was a slide that went all the way from the top of the castle to the bottom of the castle, and the slide was made of ice. Evelyn told her mom that she thought this was really the castle that Anna and Elsa escaped to when they wanted to be by themselves. And Evelyn's mom said it really might be, because Anna and Elsa, they really did do special things with, like, ice and snow and that kind of stuff. So maybe really they did have a secret snow castle that they could go to if they wanted to be alone. Well, Evelyn told the butterfly to land right by the castle. And the butterfly landed on the castle roof right near the big ice slide. And Evelyn and her mom and the red fox went off of the big butterfly, and they decided to go for a wee wee ride down the ice slide. When Evelyn went down the slide, she saw that at the very bottom, there was a big chocolate lake. And when Evelyn got into the chocolate lake, all of the chocolate got all over her. And when Evelyn's mom got into the chocolate lake, she was covered with chocolate, too. And Evelyn's mom said, we're going to need to take a bath. But then the fox went down the slide. And when the fox was sliding down the ice slide, it was saying, wee wee. And it got to the big tub of chocolate on the bottom. And the red fox got covered with chocolate and turned into a chocolate fox. Evelyn and her mom went out of the chocolate pool on the bottom of the ice slide, and Evelyn told her mom they would need to get the chocolate off of their hair and off of their faces so that they wouldn't be sticky. Yeah, bud. What happened if Bugs found them and said, oh, look at this mom and this little kid. Can I eat them? Because it looks very yummy. While Evelyn and her mom and also the chocolate fox were so covered in chocolate, they didn't want so many bugs to go to them. But Evelyn remembered that in the North Pole, there weren't so many bugs to worry about because it was too cold for most bugs. So there was no bugs they had to worry about, but they did want to be clean. And so Evelyn and her mom took a snow shower. A snow shower is like a regular shower that you could go in, but instead of water coming out of the shower, snow falls out, and the snow is a little bit wet, so it could wipe the chocolate off. And the chocolate came off of Evelyn and her mom, and there was chocolate that was at the bottom of the shower, and the chocolate went down the drain all the way to a chocolate factory, which turned the chocolate into chocolate candy. And it was a really good shower because the snow, when it mixed with the chocolate, turned into sugar snow, and it was a very yummy kind of chocolate. Well, now that they were all cleaned up, evelyn put on a princess dress, and she told her mom they were ready to go in the castle. Evelyn knocked on the door of the castle, and she said, knock, knock, knock. After she knocked, nothing happened. And then suddenly she could see that instead of the door opening the regular way, the door was opening up from the ceiling way it was going up instead of opening the regular way. And after the door opened up, evelyn could see that inside of the snow castle, everything was made of diamonds and rubies. And Anna and Elsa were sitting in the castle, and they were saying, we want to play. We want to play. And Evelyn told Anna and Elsa that she could play with them and that she also knows a little bit of magic because she was just on a big magic butterfly. And Anna and Elsa asked Evelyn if they could see the big butterfly because they also didn't know that butterflies could be that big. And when Evelyn showed Anna and Elsa the big butterfly, they said, wow, we want that butterfly. Can we be your friend? Evelyn? And Evelyn told Anna and Elsa that they could share the butterfly and that they could be friends. S and Evelyn and her mom and Anna and Elsa and the chocolate fox lived happily ever after. The end.