Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big girl named Kashi. Kashi and her sister Ira lived on a little island called Cookie Island. This island was made of a big cookie! People from all over the world would take boats to visit Cookie Island. The top of the cookie didn't get wet because it had floaties underneath it.

Cookie Island was very well-designed. Some people worried that if a floaty slipped out from under the cookie, the whole island would sink. Others worried that a big wave might come during a storm and go on top of the chocolate chips in the cookie. But Kashi knew they didn't have to worry because under the floaty, there was a turtle. The whole island lived on top of the biggest turtle that ever existed!

Most turtles we see in ponds, lakes, or other bodies of water are small, about the size of a hand. But there are some big turtles, like the ones in the Galapagos Islands, that are as big as small cars. However, the biggest turtles in the world were the ones that lived under Cookie Island. These turtles were stacked on top of each other. When someone asked what was on the bottom of one of the turtles, the answer was always another turtle. A magician once said that there were turtles all the way to the bottom of the ocean.

The turtles that held up Cookie Island were friends with Kashi and Ira. The sisters once asked a turtle, "We know you can keep the cookie from sinking, but what if it rains and the cookie gets soggy?" The turtle explained that they built a giant umbrella on top of the cookie to keep it dry. They also had a big hair blow dryer to dry off any wet parts of the cookie.

One day, Kashi and Ira saw a dragonfly with four blue wings and rainbow-colored eyes. The dragonfly told them the secret of Cookie Island. Long ago, there were many dragonflies with tails that could light up like fireflies. Some could even cough a little bit of fire. These dragonflies were the distant descendants of real dragons, which is why they looked so colorful.

Kashi and Ira learned that if they put many dragonflies in the bottom of a rocket ship, they could blast off to space. They asked their mom to help them build a rocket ship, and she agreed. They spent three whole days building the biggest rocket ship in Houston, Texas, powered by special dragonflies.

Kashi worried that the dragonflies might burn Cookie Island when they blasted off. She whispered a secret command to the dragonflies, telling them to make ice fire. Ice fire is a colorful, cold fire that shoots out rainbow-colored ice cubes. The dragonflies had to concentrate very hard and dance around to make ice fire.

Kashi and Ira counted down, "Three, two, one!" and blasted off to outer space. They saw many planets orbiting around stars in egg-shaped paths. The sisters decided to use their rocket ship to push the planets together and make a choo-choo train of planets that orbited around the sun. Kashi and Ira were the first kids ever to build choo-choo train planets!

After their adventure, they went back home to live on Cookie Island, and they lived happily ever after. The end.