Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big girl whose name was Kashi. And Kashi and her sister IRA lived on a little island. And the island that they lived on was made of a big cookie. It was called Cookie Island, and people used to take boats from all over the world to go visit Cookie Island. And the reason the top of the cookie didn't get wet is it had floaties under it.

Well, the Cookie Island that Kashi and her sister IRA lived on was a really well-designed Cookie Island because people were worried about things like, let's say the floaty slipped out from under the cookie. Then would the whole island sink, and some other people worried that maybe a big wave would come in a big storm, and it would go on top of the chocolate chips in the cookie that was the island. But Kashi knew that they didn't have to worry about the chocolate chip Cookie Island, because under the floaty, there was a turtle. And the whole chocolate chip island lived on top of the back of the biggest turtle that ever existed.

Most turtles that we see when we look in ponds or lakes or even other bodies of water are little turtles, and they're about the size of a hand, like a kid's hand or a grownup's hand if it's a big turtle. But there are some turtles that you can find in islands like the Galapagos Islands that are big turtles. And some of the turtles there are as big as small cars, but those aren't the biggest turtles in the world. The biggest turtles in the world were the turtles that would live under the Cookie Island. The turtles were stacked on top of each other. And when somebody used to ask, what's on the bottom of one of the turtles? The other person used to answer, that's a silly question. There's just another turtle. And then if somebody asked, well, are there just turtles all the way down? Then the answer that a magician once said is that, yes, there are turtles all the way to the bottom of the ocean.

The turtles that held up Cookie Island were friends with Kashi and IRA. And Kashi and IRA once asked one of the turtles, "I know you can make sure that the cookie won't sink in the water, but how about if it rains and the cookie will get soggy and then it's not a good cookie to eat anymore?" And one of the turtles said that's why they built a giant umbrella on top of the cookie so that none of the rain that fell down could fall on the cookie island. And they also had a big hair blow dryer. And if it was ever getting a little bit wet, then they would just use Kashi and IRA's mom's blow dryer for her hair, and that would dry off the different parts of the cookie.

Well, Kashi and IRA saw that there was a dragonfly and the dragonfly had come off of the ocean and was going on to the cookie. The dragonfly looked like a flying insect that had four blue wings and the dragonfly had rainbow-colored eyes. And the dragonfly went up to Kashi and also to IRA and said, "Kashi and IRA, do you want to know the secret about why there's a cookie island?" And Kashi and IRA had never heard a dragonfly talk. And the dragonfly said, "I will tell you because you've always lived on this cookie island." And the dragonfly whispered in Kashi and IRA's ear. And the dragonfly said that there used to be a lot of dragonflies in the world and some of the dragonflies had tails and some of the dragonflies could light up like fireflies. And some of the dragonflies when they would cough, they would cough a little bit of fire. And the dragonfly told Kashi and IRA that dragonflies were the distant descendants. They were the kids of the kids of the kids of real dragons. And that's why dragonflies also look so colorful because their daddas, dada, dada dada that used to be a dragon that could make colorful fire.

Well, Kashi and IRA told the fire the special kind of nice pretend dragon that they saw. And they said, "I don't think that you are a regular dragonfly." And the dragonfly told them that if they use a lot of dragonfly insects and they put them in the bottom of a rocket ship, then each dragonfly doesn't have enough power to breathe a lot of fire. But altogether if you put in like 101 hundred different dragonflies in the bottom of a rocket ship, then you can blast off to space.

So Kashi and IRA told their dad that he needed to build a special rocket ship and the dad didn't know how to. So finally they asked their mom, "Mom, can you help us build a rocket ship?" And Kashi and IRA's mom said she once learned how a long time ago. And they spent three whole days building the biggest rocket ship in Houston, Texas. And finally, they had a dragonfly-powered rocket ship. And Kashi and IRA had their mom make the biggest rocket ship in the whole of Houston, Texas, and it was powered up by the special dragonflies. And Kashi was like, "Oh no. What if the dragonflies, when they're blasting off the rocket ship, it makes the Cookie burn?" And then she whispered a secret command to the dragonflies. And that command meant that they had to breathe out in kind of ice fire. Ice fire is a kind of fire that's still colorful, like regular fire, but it's cold. It's like it shoots out kind of ice cubes that are colorful rainbow-colored ice cubes. It's called an ice fire. And dragonflies can make ice fire, but they have to really concentrate very hard. And dragonflies can only make ice fire if they are dancing around as they breathe out the fire. So Kashi told them to make ice fire so that the Cookie island wouldn't melt.

And they said and IRA counted down and said three, two, one. And Kashi and IRA blasted off to outer space. When they got to outer space, they saw there were so many planets, and some of the planets were going around the stars in a kind of egg shape that looked a little bit like a circle, but it was more like an egg shape the way the planets would go around stars. And Kashi and IRA had an idea. They decided to use the rocket ship to push planets all together and make a ChuChu train of planets so that each planet was attached to a different planet and it would go ChuChu around the sun. And Kashi and IRA were the first kids ever to build ChuChu train planets that orbited around the sun.

After they were done, they went back home to live on a Cookie Island. And they lived happily ever after. The end.