Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Isabella. One day, Isabella and her mom went to a museum. They opened the doors, showed their tickets to the museum person, and went inside. When they got inside, they saw some big dinosaur bones, and Isabella found a magnifying glass on the floor. Isabella picked it up and told her mom to ask if anybody lost it. Her mom asked loudly, "Did anybody lose a magnifying glass?" Nobody said yes, so Isabella decided they should use it for a little bit and then return it to the lost and found.

Isabella held the magnifying glass and looked at a little corner on the museum floor. As she looked through it, she realized it was a magic magnifying glass that made anyone who looked through it very small. Suddenly, Isabella became as small as an ant! She wasn't scared because she knew that if she ever needed to get big again, all she had to do was climb up her mom and whisper in her ear, "Mom, pick up the magnifying glass and put it back on me." That would make her big again.

Little Isabella was so small that when she saw crumbs of a muffin, they seemed like a whole big cake. The crumbs were so big and yummy that there was a trail of honey. The trail of honey was like a giant, even though it was really little. Isabella looked around and saw a secret place, a hole in the wall, in a little corner of the museum floor. She decided to go through it and told her mom to wait on the other side.

When she got to the other side, she found a secret room in the museum. It was a tiny room that only little people could fit through. In the room, there were tiny dinosaurs. Most people think that all dinosaurs were big, like T-Rexes, but in the olden days, there were different kinds of dinosaurs. One was called a Sinosaurus, and another was a Ziblosaurus. These small dinosaurs were as small as ants. When a big meteor came to Earth, it didn't kill all the dinosaurs, just the big ones. The little dinosaurs survived because they could hide in small places, even in the middle of the earth. Some of them loved to live in museums because that's where there were big dinosaur bones.

Isabella saw many little dinosaurs hidden in the secret room in the museum. The dinosaurs had friends, too. One of their friends was a Zippleback, a dragon with two heads. The dinosaurs weren't scared of the Zippleback because it was also small and they were strong. The Zippleback had an important job: whenever it found a little piece of marshmallow, it had to blow fire on it to roast the marshmallow because that's one of the yummiest things for a tiny dinosaur. So the Zippleback would breathe fire on a marshmallow, making it a little burned and yummy, and then some of the kid dinosaurs would eat it.

The Zippleback saw Isabella, the new tiny visitor, and asked her, "Isabella, how are you so little, like an ant? I thought people were supposed to be big." Isabella told the Zippleback about the magic magnifying glass and the secret tunnel she went through to get to this room with the dinosaurs that were still alive and loved to eat marshmallows. The Zippleback asked Isabella if she wanted to have a marshmallow with one of the Sinosaurus. Isabella said yes, so the Zippleback used one head to put a little bit of fire on a marshmallow for Isabella and its other head to put fire on a different marshmallow for the dinosaur. Isabella and the dinosaur ate their roasted marshmallows together and said they were so yummy.

The dinosaurs were good at many things. For example, they had a tiny 3D printer that could make whatever they wanted. If they wanted to play with dinosaur Lego, they just had to say "RA," which is dinosaur for Lego, and the 3D printer would start printing some dinosaur Lego for them to play with.

Isabella always wanted a hoverboard, so she told the special 3D printer to print one. It printed a hoverboard, and she started to fly through the secret room in the museum, next to the Zippleback and all the tiny friendly dinosaurs. Soon, Isabella heard her mom calling for her on the other side. She flew her hoverboard to the secret tunnel, went through it, and crawled up to her mom's ear.

When Isabella reached her mom's ear, she whispered, "Mom, I'm back from my trip to the secret room of the museum. Use the magnifying glass to make me big again." At first, her mom didn't hear, and Isabella got worried. Then she had an idea: she tickled her mom's ear. Her mom put her finger next to her ear, and Isabella whispered again, "Mom, I'm in your ear. You need to use the magnifying glass to make me big again." This time, her mom heard and picked up the magnifying glass, putting it next to her ear. Isabella came out of her mom's ear and started getting bigger and bigger until she was on her mom's shoulders.

Isabella's mom said, "Isabella, you are too big for a shoulder ride now." Isabella replied, "Mom, that's so silly because I just used to be as little as an ant." They both laughed, and Isabella told her mom about the secret room in the museum. Her mom said, "That was very special." And Isabella and her mom lived happily ever after. The end.