Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Isabella. Isabella and her mom went to a museum. They opened the doors to the museum, showed the museum person their tickets, and went inside. When they got inside, they saw some big dinosaur bones, and Isabella found a magnifying glass on the floor. Isabella picked up the magnifying glass, and she told her mom to ask if anybody lost it. Isabella's mom said out loud, "Did anybody lose a magnifying glass?" And nobody said yes. So Isabella said that they should use it for a little bit and then return the magnifying glass to the lost and found.

So Isabella held the magnifying glass, and she looked in a little corner on the floor in the museum. As Isabella looked through the magnifying glass, she realized it was a magic magnifying glass that made anyone who looked through it very small. And suddenly, Isabella became as small as an ant. Isabella wasn't scared because she realized that if she ever needed to get big again, all she needed to do was climb up her mom and go right into her mom's ear, crawling like an ant, and say, "Mom, pick up the magnifying glass and put it back on me." Because if you put the magnifying glass back on you, then you became big again.

Well, little Isabella was so small that when she saw little crumbs of a muffin, it seemed like a whole big cake. The crumbs were so big and so yummy that there was a trail of honey. The trail of honey was like a giant, even though it was really little. Isabella was looking around, and she saw that in a little corner of the museum floor, there was a secret place, a hole in the wall, where she decided to go through. Isabella crawled through the wall of the museum, and she told her mom to wait on the other side.

When she got to the other side, she saw there was a secret room in the museum. It was a little, tiny room that only little, tiny people could fit through. And Isabella got to the other side, and she saw that in the room, there were tiny dinosaurs. Most people think that all dinosaurs used to be so big because T-Rexes and other kinds of dinosaurs are really big. But in the olden days, there were different kinds of dinosaurs. One was called a Sinosaurus, and there was another called a Ziblosaurus. And a Sinosaurus and Ziblosaurus were such small dinosaurs that they were actually as small as ants. And when a big meteor came to Earth, it didn't kill all the dinosaurs. It was only the big ones. And the little dinosaurs, which were as small as ants, those still lived. And one of the little compasses of the meteor, yeah, because they fit all over. They could even go in the middle of the earth. And that's how they survived. And those little dinosaurs, some of them love to live in museums because that's where there are big dinosaur bones.

And Isabella saw that there were so many of those little dinosaurs hidden in the secret room in the museum. And the dinosaurs had friends because the dinosaurs had to live there. And one of the dinosaurs' friends was a Zippleback. The Zippleback was a dragon with two heads. Dinosaurs weren't scared of the Zippleback because it was also small, just like the dinosaurs. And dinosaurs are also strong. And the Zippleback's job was very important. Whenever they would find a little piece of marshmallow, like a little marshmallow piece, do you know what the Zippleback had to do? What? He had to blow fire on it to roast the marshmallow. Because that's one of the yummiest things for a teensy, tiny dinosaur. So the Zippleback would breathe fire on one marshmallow, and then it would get a little burned and a little bit yummy. And then some of the kid dinosaurs would eat it.

Well, the Zippleback saw that there was a new person visitor who was so little. And the Zippleback said to Isabella, "Isabella, how are you so little? Like an ant. I thought people were supposed to be big." And Isabella told the Zippleback, which was a dragon with two heads, that she got small because of the magic magnifying glass. And she had to go in through a secret tunnel that people couldn't usually fit through to get to this room with the dinosaurs that were still alive and loved to eat marshmallows. And the Zippleback asked Isabella if she wanted to have a marshmallow at the same time as one of the Sinosaurus. And Isabella said yes. So the Zippleback used one head to put a little bit of fire on one marshmallow for Isabella and used its other head to put some fire on a different marshmallow for the different dinosaur. And Isabella and the different dinosaur got to eat a burned marshmallow at the same time. And they said that it was so yummy.

The dinosaurs were really good at doing a lot of different things. For example, there was a teensy, tiny 3D printer that the dinosaurs used to use. And the 3D printer could make whatever the dinosaurs wanted. They could build it. And so let's say the dinosaurs wanted to play with dinosaur Lego. Then all they had to do was say "RA," which is how you say dinosaur Lego if you're a dinosaur. And then the 3D printer would start printing some dinosaur Lego, and then the dinosaurs could take the dinosaur Lego out of the 3D printer machine, and they could play with it.

Well, Isabella really always wanted to have a hoverboard, so she could float in the air. So she told the special 3D printer to print a hoverboard, and it printed a hoverboard, and she took it out of the 3D printer, and she went on the hoverboard. And she started to fly through the secret room in the museum, next to the Zippleback, the dragon with two heads, and all of the teensy, tiny friendly dinosaurs. And soon, Isabella heard that her mom was calling for her on the other side. So she flew her hoverboard all the way to the hole, the secret tunnel where she came in, and she went through the secret tunnel to the other side, and she crawled right up to her mom's ear.

And when Isabella climbed up to her mom's ear, she said, "Mom, I'm back from my trip to the secret room of the museum. Use the magnifying glass to make me big again." And Isabella's mom at first didn't hear. And Isabella got worried because how was she going to get big again? Then Isabella had an idea. She realized she could tickle her mom's ear because she was inside her mom's ear. So Isabella reached up with one of her fingers and started tickling the top of her mom's ear. And then her mom put her finger next to her ear. And then Isabella said it again. "Mom, I'm in your ear. You need to use the magnifying glass to make me big again." And that time, because Isabella had tickled her mom's ear, Isabella's mom heard. And Isabella's mom picked up the magnifying glass and put it right next to her ear. And then Isabella came out of her mom's ear, and she started getting bigger and bigger until she was on a big shoulder ride for her mom.

And Isabella's mom said, "Isabella, you are too big for a shoulder ride now." And Isabella said, "Mom, that's so silly because I just used to be as little as an ant." And Isabella and her mom started to laugh, and Isabella told her mom about the secret room in the museum. And Isabella's mom said, "That was very special." And Isabella and her mom lived happily ever after. The end.