Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Miranda. Miranda lived in an old cottage built into the biggest tree in the world. The door to her cottage led inside the tree. The tree was so big that there was a garage for Miranda's mom to park her car inside the treehouse. The tree was so enormous that there was even a playground inside Miranda's house. It was the best treehouse ever because most treehouses you have to climb up to, but this treehouse had a door into the tree, and it was hollow inside, so you could go in it. It was so much fun.

One day, Miranda saw a magical dress right outside her treehouse. Miranda asked her mom if their treehouse was safe from lightning bolts. Her mom told her that they had a special trick on top of the treehouse. They had lots of helium balloons, and they would put little pennies, which are made of metal, inside the helium balloons. If there was ever lightning, the lightning would just pop the balloons, and the treehouse would be okay.

Miranda was very happy to see the magic dress at the front door of her treehouse. The magic dress had a picture of a puppy's face on the front. Along with the magic dress, there was a present for her brother Marcus - a magic crayon and a piece of paper.

Miranda told her mom that they should put on the magical dress. Miranda's mom helped her put on the dress, and then Miranda's brother Marcus said, "Mom, we should also start drawing with the magic crayons." Miranda had the magic dress on, and Marcus decided to draw puppies. He didn't really know how to draw puppies, but with magic crayons, all you have to do is think about what you want to draw, and then it draws all by itself. Marcus drew so many different puppies on the paper. Even though he wasn't always the best at coloring in the lines, he was so good at drawing with the magic crayon, even better than a grown-up. In fact, when Miranda's mom looked at Marcus's drawing, she said, "This is a better drawing than any grown-up artist has ever made, ever."

Miranda's mom told Marcus that even though the magic crayon allowed him to be so good, there were always people in different parts of the world who were trying so hard to be good at drawing, too, and he should always practice with the crayon. Miranda asked, "What does my magic dress do?" Just as she said that, the little puppy on the dress lit up, and its eyes started to open. As the puppy dress started to have real puppy eyes on it, she saw that her brother Marcus's drawings of puppies started to float through the air. It was because of the magic crayon that all of the drawings of puppies turned into little real puppies that could float through the air, only they were the color green.

All of those puppies started to talk, saying, "Woof woof, woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof woof." Nobody could understand what they meant except for Miranda because, while she was wearing her magical dress, all of the woof woof noises that the puppies made sounded like regular English, and she could understand it. Every time a puppy would say woof woof, her magical dress would glow in the dark, and Miranda would know what the puppy wanted.

Miranda heard the puppies saying woof, woof, woof. She told Marcus, her mom, and her dad that the puppies were saying that Miranda was secretly a queen and that they were going to get a crown for her. Marcus asked, "Did they say anything about me?" Miranda asked the puppies, and they said they had never seen anyone draw such good puppies. They were so proud of Marcus for being so good at drawing, and they were going to bring back bubbles for him also.

Miranda said goodbye to all of the puppies, and the green puppies started floating through the air and woof woofing away. Soon, the green puppies came back, but they didn't come back with the stuff they were supposed to bring. Instead, they had a magical star for Miranda and a different magical star for Marcus. Marcus and Miranda asked, "What can these magical stars do?" The puppies told Miranda to tell Marcus and everyone else that the magical stars could turn into any toy that you want. After you have that toy, the magical star could even change to a different toy if you want a new toy. And even if you had the new toy and then wanted the old toy again.

Miranda realized that with these stars, they didn't need any other toys because whatever toy you wanted, that's what the star turned into. If you wanted a different toy, all you had to do was make the star turn into that different toy, and you could have any toy forever. Marcus and Miranda thanked the puppies, and Miranda told the puppies what Marcus was really trying to say. The puppies said goodbye and started to float away. Miranda put her magic star in her pocket, and Marcus put his magic star in his pocket. Marcus and Miranda told their mom and dad that they were getting tired and were ready to go to bed.

Marcus and Miranda's mom said, "You guys had a good, fun adventure." Marcus and Miranda agreed, saying, "Yes, we did." And Marcus and Miranda's family lived happily ever after. The end.