Welcome to makeup stories. My name is AraDNA. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Miranda. I'm going to be four years old. I live in Richmond. Yes. I would like to have a story about a bar, a puppy, and a crown. Up tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Miranda, who lives in British Columbia, Canada, and who turns four years old tomorrow on April 21. Miranda also has a brother named Marcus, who turned two two days ago. So happy birthday to Marcus and Miranda. Happy birthday, Marcus. Happy birthday, Miranda. Good job, bud. And Marcus and Miranda asked for us to make up a story that includes a barn, a puppy, and a queen's crown. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Miranda. Miranda lived in an old cottage that was built into the biggest tree in the world. And the door to her cottage led to inside the tree. And the tree was so big that there is a garage for Miranda's mom to park her car inside of the tree house. And the tree was so enormous that there is even a playground inside of Miranda's house. It was the best treehouse in the whole world because most treehouses you have to climb up to. But this treehouse had a door into the tree, and it was hollow inside, so you could go in it. And it was so much fun. Well, one day, Miranda saw that right outside of her treehouse, there was a magical dress. What is it, buddy? What happens if lightning bolt strikes a tree because trees are easier to bond in houses? That's a good question. And it was also a question that Miranda once asked her mom. Miranda said, mom, is our tree house safe? Because let's say a big lightning bolt strikes it. What will happen then? And Miranda's mom told Miranda that they had a special trick on top of the treehouse. They had a lot of helium balloons, and the helium balloons would float up, and they would put little pennies, which are made of metal, inside the helium balloons. And then if there was ever lightning that would come, the lightning would just pop the balloons, and the treehouse would be okay. And Miranda yeah, it was a really good idea. That's how it worked. And so Miranda was very happy to see that a magic dress showed up at the front door of her treehouse. The magic dress in the front of it had a picture of a dog's face, and it was a kid dog. It was a puppy. And along with the magic dress that showed up at Miranda's treehouse door was a present for her brother Marcus. And the present was a magic crayon and a piece of paper. Well, Miranda told her mom that they should put on the magical dress. And Miranda's mom helped Miranda put on the dress, and then Miranda's brother Marcus said, mom, we should also start drawing with the magic crayons. And Miranda had the magic dress on, and Marcus decided to draw puppies. He didn't really know how to draw puppies, but if you use magic crayons, all you have to do is think about what you want to draw, and then it draws all by itself. And so Marcus drew so many different puppies on the paper. And even though he wasn't always the best at coloring in the lines, he was so good at drawing with the magic marker, even the magic crayon, even better than a grown up. In fact, when Miranda's mom looked at Marcus drawing with the magic crayons, she said, this is a better drawing than any grown up artist has ever made, ever. What's your question, buddy? What happens if there's a grown up artist that is about to turn into an artist that is going to be better? And Miranda's mom told Marcus that even though the magic crayon allowed him to be so good, there were always people in different parts of the world who were trying so hard to be good at drawing, too, and he should always practice with the crayon. Well, Miranda said, well, what does my magic dress do? And just as she said that, the little puppy in the front of the dress lit up, and its eyes started to open. And as the puppy dress started to have real puppy eyes on it, she saw that her brother Marcus's drawings of puppies started to float through the air. And it was because of the magic crayon that Marcus had used all of the pictures, all of the drawings of puppies that he made with the magic crayon turned into little real puppies that could float through the air, only they were the color green. And all of those puppies started to talk, and they would say, woof woof, woof. Woof. Woof. Woof. Woof woof. And nobody could understand what they meant except for Miranda, because while Miranda was wearing her magical dress, all of the woof woof noises that the doggies and the puppies made sounded like regular English, and she could understand it. And every time a doggie would say woof woof, her magical dress would glow in the dark, and Miranda would know what the puppy wanted. And Miranda heard the puppies who were saying woof, woof, woof. And Miranda told Marcus and her mom and also her dad that the puppies were saying that Miranda was secretly a queen and that they were going to get a crown to put on her. And Marcus said, did they say anything about me? And Miranda asked the puppies. And the puppies said that they had never seen anyone draw such good puppies, and they were so proud of Marcus for being so good at drawing and that they were going to bring back bubbles for him also. And Miranda said goodbye to all of the puppies and the green puppies started floating through the air and woof woofing away. And soon, the green puppies came back. Only they didn't come back with the stuff they were supposed to bring. Instead, they had a magical star for Miranda. And they gave a different magical star to Marcus and Marcus and Miranda said, what can this magical star do? And the puppies told Miranda to tell Marcus and everyone else that the magical stars could turn into any toy that you want. And after you have that toy, the magical star could even change to a different toy. If you want a new toy. And even if you had the new toy, and then, let's say you wanted the old toy again. What's your question, buddy? So, this star, you don't really have to have any other toy, because you can have this star be like a toy and then just make a different toy. Exactly. And that's what Miranda realized, that with this star that she had and also that Marcus had, they didn't need any other toys, because whatever toy you wanted, that's what the star turned into. And then, if you wanted a different toy, all you had to do was make the star turn into that different toy, and you could have any toy forever. And so Marcus and Miranda said thank you to the puppies. And Miranda told the puppies what Marcus was really trying to say. And the puppies said goodbye, and they started to float away. And Miranda put her magic star in her pocket. And Marcus put his magic star in his pocket. And Marcus and Miranda told their mom and also their dad that they were getting tired and that they were ready to go to bed. And so Marcus and Miranda's mom said, you guys had a good, fun adventure. And Marcus and Miranda said, yes, we did. And Marcus and Miranda's family lived happily ever after. And now there's some guitar music with a rubber band. Good job, bud. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.