Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. It was the olden days, and Jonah and Jesse lived in a wooden house that had big wheels on it. The wooden house with big wheels on it was attached to seven different horses. The house never stayed in the same place because the horses always took turns pulling the house on different roads. Sometimes when Jonah and Jesse were sleeping, they would feel big bumps in the road, and if they were having a dream, it might wake them up. They would think about if they were going over a mountain or if they were getting stuck in a ditch. Sometimes their wooden house, which was on a cart attached to seven horses, would get cold, and sometimes it would leak and a little bit of the rain would get inside.

Jonah and Jesse had two blankets, and the blankets were very soft, and they were kind of old, and they had a little bit of holes in them, and they had no toys. Whenever they wanted to play, they would have to ask their parents to tell the horses to stop so that they could go out of their house and then go on some grass and see if there was a village nearby where there were other kids. One day, it was morning time, and Jonah and Jesse really wanted to play because they had been traveling through a forest for 17 days. Their parents stopped the carriage and told the horses to stay. They even tied the horses to a tree. Jonah and Jesse stepped down unto the muddy, grassy, swampy place where they were standing, and they looked ahead of them, and they saw there were some houses with some kids. The kids that were outside of these houses were holding apples. They ran up to Jonah and Jesse and asked if they wanted to play. Jonah and Jesse said yes.

There was one kid, a girl whose name was Elsa. The girl told Jonah and Jesse that she thought they had some magical powers. Jesse said, "We're just regular people. We don't have magic." Elsa said that in Jesse's eyes, there was a little bit of magic fire and that he should look in a mirror to see. Jesse said, "Well, there are no mirrors here." The girl asked Jonah and Jesse if she could hold their hands, and she held their hands, and she walked with them past the fruit store, past the duck farm, all the way to a little lake. The lake was very quiet. The only noise was a whistling sound. She told Jonah and Jesse to look in the lake. When Jonah and Jesse looked in the lake, they saw that there was a fire reflection in their eyes. The girl named Elsa said, "See? I told you you had magic." Jesse said, "Well, how can I use it?" The girl said, "Do you have anything warm?" Jonah and Jesse said, "Our house is always so cold, and it has leaks in it, so we're usually pretty cold." The girl said, "Well, do you have a jacket?" Jonah and Jesse said no. The girl asked if she could go in their special house, which was on a carriage attached to some horses. Jonah and Jesse said, "Okay." So they held Elsa's hand, and they skipped and they trotted and they walked and they jumped all the way to the carriage with their wooden house on it.

When they got inside, Elsa's hair suddenly started to get longer. She said, "Yes, you definitely do have something magic in here. I can tell because whenever I get close to something magic, my hair starts, like, feeling kind of heavy and getting longer." Jonah and Jesse could tell that she was telling the truth. So she said, "We have to find the magic thing." Jonah said, "Well, how about you walk around our little house, and we'll see where your hair gets the longest?" Elsa walked right up to Jonah and Jesse's little bunk bed, and her hair got so long. When she found their old blankets, Elsa said, "That's it. That's it. It's your blankets. That's what has a little bit of magic in it. I've been waiting my whole life to find something that has real magic in it." She said, "Can I hold your blanket?" Jesse said okay. Elsa held Jonah and Jesse's blanket. As she held the blanket, the carriage with the house on it got detached from the horses, and it started floating up in the air. Jonah and Jesse looked out the window, and they could see all of the kids outside were, like, pointing. One of the kids was juggling some apples. Jesse said, "Wait for us. We're going to come back soon." Elsa unwrapped the blanket from her. When she went out of the blanket, the house started going down again.

So Jonah said, "Let me try that." He wrapped himself in the blanket, and it didn't work. Elsa told Jonah and Jesse that the reason the magic blankets weren't working for them was that they had to think about what they wanted to happen while they were having the blanket wrapped around them. She said the reason they had some fire in their eyes was that the magic fire was because when you sleep, your eyes are closed. Each time they were sleeping, they were just having dreams, and the magic blanket was around them. That's what gave them those magic fire eyes. So Jonah said, "Oh, I get it." He wrapped the blanket around himself, and he wished to turn into a grown-up. Just as he wished that his bones started to get bigger, and so did the rest of his body. His muscles got stronger. He saw what he would look like when he was a grown-up. Then he said, "Now I want to turn into a baby." He turned into a baby. But then when he was a baby, he didn't know how to ask to turn back into a regular kid because babies can't talk. That was a big problem. Jesse said, "Okay, I'm going to put the blanket around me, and then I'll wish for Jonah to turn back into a regular kid." Jesse put the blanket around him, and he concentrated as hard as he could, and he wished Jonah to be a seven-year-old kid. But it didn't work. It was too late, Jesse said, because the only person who could make Jonah turn back into his regular seven-year-old self was just Jonah.

Elsa said she had an idea. Elsa wrapped the magic blanket around her and said, "Make a picture of a seven-year-old Jonah." Suddenly a picture appeared. She put that picture of a seven-year-old Jonah right in front of the baby Jonah. She wrapped the blanket around baby Jonah so that baby Jonah would see the picture of his seven-year-old self. That's what he would think about. Jonah wrapped the baby Jonah in the blanket, and he looked at the picture that Elsa created. It worked. Finally, he turned back into the seven-year-old Jonah. When he was the seven-year-old Jonah, everyone was happy again. They decided they wouldn't use the magic blanket unless it was an emergency. They waved goodbye to Elsa that day and told her that they'd be back for more adventure soon. Jonah and Jesse and Elsa and Jonah and Jesse's family lived happily ever after. The end.