Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They were walking through the forest with their parents because they were going to go camping. They brought a tent with them because they didn't just want to camp outside; what if it rained? As it was turning to be nighttime, the sun was setting, and it was getting a little bit colder. Jonah and Jesse helped build the tent, got their sleeping bags ready, and went inside the tent. After they got inside the tent, their dad told them a made-up story, and they went to sleep.

The next morning when they got out of the tent, they saw that the trees were much bigger than they were supposed to be. The pieces of grass on the ground were also the size of regular trees. Even the little specks of dirt looked like mountains. Ants that were usually very small were now as big as a bus. Everything was so big.

Suddenly, they heard something. At first, Jesse thought it was a train. Jonah said, "No, it's not a train. It's a volcano exploding." Steve said, "It's not a volcano exploding; it's an avalanche." They all couldn't tell what it was. They only knew it was a big sound when suddenly they saw a bee flying next to them. But it wasn't an ordinary-sized bee. This bee was bigger than an airplane. It was actually bigger than half of the world. The bee was so big, and it flew right on top of them. When the bee flapped its little bee wings, which were actually really big, it made Jesse and Jonah fall down, and they went in the tent.

But it was so windy from the bee's wings that the whole tent started to float in the air because the wind was carrying it. It was floating around these humongous pieces of grass and all of the pieces of dirt, which were so big. There were army ants as big as Jeeps trying to get it. The antennas of the army ants looked so big and so strong, and they would move and try to find where the tent was, but luckily the ants couldn't get it since the tent was floating in the air.

As Jesse and Jonah were floating in the air, they saw that there was another kid in a different tent who was also floating in the air next to them because it was a different family that was also going camping. Their tent was regular-sized, while the rest of the forest was so big. Inside the tent, there was a girl. The girl was wearing a princess dress, and she was crying because she was scared since her mom wasn't there with them. Jesse and Jonah really wanted to help, but they didn't know what to do until Jesse said that he had an idea.

His idea was they brought a jump rope with them. He threw the jump rope out of the front of the tent, and the girl, who was in the different tent with the hula hoop, grabbed onto the jump rope. Then, because the girl was holding onto one end of the jump rope and Jesse was holding onto the other end, they got their tents connected. The girl pulled one part of the jump rope, and Jesse pulled the other part until their tents got all the way together. Then the girl went into Jesse and Jonah's tent.

When she went into Jesse and Jonah's tent, she told them that she was just camping with her mom the night before. But something happened during the night, and everything got so big, and there was a bee that was making some big buzzing noises next to them, and it blew her tent away. Jesse said that he knew about that bee, and it blew his tent away also. The girl said, "Well, what could we even do? And I don't even know where my mom is." Jesse said, "I don't know because I think we're all stuck floating in the wind."

Just as he said that, the bee came back, and it made a big buzzing noise and started flapping so much that their tents went upside down. The girl and Jesse both held onto the hula hoop because it was on the pointy top part of the tent, which was upside down. They realized when they held onto the hula hoop, it made the whole tent spin. Jesse told the girl that they should try to throw the hula hoop out of the tent because if they kept it inside the tent, the tent would just keep turning around. The girl agreed.

They opened up the front of the tent, and Jesse and Jonah threw the hula hoop out of the tent. When they threw the hula hoop out of the tent, they saw that the hula hoop turned into a big, colorful circle that was spinning so much, and the colorful circle was spinning so much that it made blue crayon colors go in the middle of the air. The blue crayon colors were like drawing in the air. The hula hoop was getting bigger and bigger and turning into bigger and bigger circles. Those blue crayon circles were turning into a real tornado.

Jesse told the girl that maybe there was a giant that came during the night, and he changed the regular trees for big trees. But the girl said she wasn't so sure. Then Jesse said maybe the hula hoop had some magic in it. She said she didn't know about if it was magic, but it was definitely able to color and draw in the sky and make some tornado wind. That's when Jesse had an idea. He said, "How about maybe it's not that the trees got so big and the grass got so big. Maybe we got really little."

He looked around, and he saw that they were indeed so little. When his mom parked their car in the parking lot, he saw that his car also got so big. Cars can't change size, so it must be. The girl saw that her mom was also outside looking for her because she looked out of the tent, and the girl's mom looked like a giant, but she knew her mom wasn't a giant and that she was a regular person. So that was a clue that everything else didn't turn big; it's that Jesse and Jonah and the girl turned really small during the night.

They had to figure out how they turned small. Jesse was trying to solve the mystery of how they turned small when suddenly he figured it out. There was a person next to the campsite where he was camping, and that person was trying to catch some fish. They were going fishing with a fishing rod. Jesse started shouting to the person, "Try to catch our tent with the fishing rod!" The person cast up with his fishing rod to try to hook the tent, and it worked. The hook attached to the tent, and it brought Jesse and Jonah's tent and the little girl's tent all the way down using the fishing rod.

Once they got down, it was like a giant was looking in their tent. Jesse knew that he was just so small, and he shouted as loud as he could, "Get a magnifying glass!" The person who looked like a giant with the fishing rod got a magnifying glass. When he looked at Jesse and Jonah with the magnifying glass, Jesse and Jonah and the girl turned big again.

The answer to the mystery of how they got small during the night was that there was an alien from a different planet looking directly at Jesse and Jonah and the little girl using their telescope. Because they looked so small in the telescope, the alien made them get small. The way they got big again was when the man with the fishing rod used a magnifying glass. After they were big again, the girl found her mom and saw that she was regular size, and the trees were the right size, and the grass and everything.

Jesse and Jonah and the little girl and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.