Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup Stories, and I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use aya yiddai. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Olivia. Go to makeupstory.com to join the makeup story club. Good evening. Okay, Jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup Story to be about? A circle with so many circles. And when you touch it and say, I think it's a tornado, it forms a tornado. So Jesse wants the stories to be about a circle with so many circles in it. And when you say you want it to be a tornado, it turns into a tornado. And Jonah asked for the story to be about a bee that's the size of a building. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse were walking through the forest with their parents because they were going to go camping. And they brought a tent with them because they didn't just want to camp outside because what if it rained? And so it was turning to be nighttime. The sun was setting and it was getting a little bit colder. And Jonah and Jesse, and Jonah and Jesse, they were helping to build the tent. And they got their sleeping bags ready and they went inside the tent. Well, after they got inside the tent, their dad told them a makeup story and they went to sleep. And the next morning when they got out of the tent, they saw that the trees got way bigger than they were supposed to be. And the pieces of grass on the ground also were like the size of regular trees. And even the little specks of dirt, like little crumbs of dirt. They looked like mountains. And ants that were usually very small. Ants were like as big as a bus normally is. And everything was so big. And suddenly they heard something. At first, Jesse thought it was like a train. And Jonah said, no, it's not a train. It's a volcano exploding. And Steve said, it's not a volcano exploding, it's an avalanche. And they all couldn't tell what it was. They only knew it was a big sound when suddenly they saw a bee flying next to them. But it wasn't an ordinary size bee. This bee was bigger than an airplane. It was actually bigger than half of the old. The bee was so big and it flew right on top of them. And when the bee flapped its little bee wings, which were actually really big. It made Jesse and Jonah fall down and they went in the tent. But it was so windy from the bee's wings that the whole tent started to float in the air because the wind was carrying it and it was floating around these, like, humongous pieces of grass and all of the pieces of dirt, which were so big. And there was like army ants that were as big as Jeeps that were trying to get it. And the antennas of the army ants looked so big and so strong, and they would move and they'd try to find where the tent was, but luckily the ants couldn't get it since the tent was floating in the air. As Jesse and Jonah were floating in the air, they saw that there was another kid in a different tent who was also floating in the air next to them because it was a different family that was also going camping. And their tent also was regular sized, while the rest of the forest was so big. And inside the tent there was a girl. And the girl was wearing a princess dress and she was crying because she was scared since her mom wasn't there with them. And Jesse and Jonah really wanted to help, but they didn't know what to do until Jesse said that he had an idea. And his idea was they brought a jump rope with them. So he threw the jump rope out of the front of the tent and the girl, who was in the different tent with the hula hoop, she grabbed onto the jump rope. And then because the girl was holding onto one end of the jump rope and Jesse was holding on to the other end of the jump rope, they got their tents connected and the girl pulled one part of the jump rope and Jesse pulled the other part until their tents got all the way together. And then the girl went into Jesse and Jonah's tent. And when she went into Jesse and Jonah's tent, she told them that she was just camping with her mom the night before. But something happened during the night and everything got so big and there was a bee that was, like, making some big zing noises next to them and it blew her tent away. And Jesse said that he knew about that bee and it blew his tent away also. And the girl said, well, what could we even do? And I don't even know where my mom is. And Jesse said, I don't know because I think we're all stuck floating in the wind. And just as he said that, the bee came back and it made a big buzzing noise and it started flapping so much that their tents went upside down. And the girl and Jesse both held onto the hula hoop because it was on the pointy top part of the tent, which was upside down. And they realized when they held onto the Hula Hoop. It made the whole tent spin. And Jesse told the girl that they should try to throw the Hula Hoop out of the tent because if they kept it inside the tent, the tent would just keep turning around. And so the girl said, okay. And they opened up the front of the tent, and Jesse and Jonah threw the Hula Hoop out of the tent. And when they threw the Hula Hoop out of the tent, they saw that the Hula Hoop turned into a big, colorful circle that was spinning so much and the colorful circle was spinning so much that it made, like, blue crayon colors go in middle of the air. And the blue crayon colors, it was like drawing in the air. And the Hula Hoop was getting bigger and bigger and turning into bigger and bigger circles. And those blue crayon circles were turning into a real tornado. And what really happened is a giant ComEd in the night. And then he replaced those guys, regular trees into the giant humongous trees. Yeah. And Jesse told the girl that maybe there was a giant that came during the night, and he changed the regular trees for big trees. But the girl said she wasn't so sure. And then Jesse said maybe the Hula Hoop had some magic in it. And she said she didn't know about if it was magic, but it was definitely able to color and draw in the sky and make some tornado wind. And that's when Jesse had an idea. He said, how about maybe it's not that the trees got so big and the grass got so big. Maybe we got really little. And he looked around, and he saw that actually he was so little because when he parked his car when his mom parked his car in the parking lot, that's when he saw that his car also got so big. And cars can't change size, so it must be. And the girl saw that her mom was also outside looking for her because she looked out of the tent and the girl's mom looks like a giant, but she knew her mom wasn't a giant and that she was a regular person. So that was a clue that really everything else didn't turn big. It's that Jesse and Jonah and the girl turned really small during the night. And that's why the Bee looked big, and that's why it made such a big buzzing sound. And that's why the trees look big. And grass isn't normally big. Really. It's that Jesse and Jonah and the girl turned small. And so they had to figure out how they turned small. And Jesse was trying to solve the mystery of how they turned small when suddenly he figured it out. The way he figured it out was there was a person who was like, next to the campsite where he was camping, and that person was trying to catch some fish. They were going fishing with a fishing rod. And so Jesse started shouting to the person, try to catch our tent with the fishing rod. And the person cast up with his fishing rod to try to hook the tent. And it worked. And the hook attached to the tent, and it brought Jesse and Jonah's tent and the little girl's tent all the way down using the fishing rod. And once they got down, it was like a giant was looking in their tent. But really Jesse knew that he was just so small, and he shouted as loud as he could get a magnifying glass. And that's when the person who looks like a giant who had the fishing rod got a magnifying glass. And when he looked at Jesse and Jonah with the magnifying glass, then Jesse and Jonah and the girl turned big again. And the answer to the mystery of how they got small during the night was that there was an alien from a different planet that was looking directly at Jesse and Jonah and the little girl using their telescope. And because they looked so small in the telescope, the alien made them get small. And so the way they got big again was when the man with the fishing rod used a magnifying glass. And that turned them big again. And after they were big again, the girl found her mom and saw that she was regular size and the trees were the right size and the grass and everything. And Jesse and Jonah and a little girl and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The End lady for listening to Madeup stories, my name is Olia. Go to Madeup stories.com to join the Madeup Club. Tell your friends.