Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old boy named Xander. Xander was really excited because his birthday was coming up. On the morning of his birthday, Xander woke up and was eager to get out of bed. But it wasn't so easy, because when Xander woke up, guess what was happening to his bed? It was flying! Xander's bed was flying through the house. Usually, it couldn't fit through the doorway, but the doorway stretched out, and Xander's bed floated all the way to his mom and dad's room.

When Xander got to his mom and dad's room, he stood up on his bed and said, "Mom, Dad, I can't get down from my bed because it's in the air and I don't want to fall." Xander's dad had to get a rope and climb up from his bed onto Xander's floating bed. Then, Xander's dad helped him get down on the rope. But then his dad got stuck on the floating bed, and his mom had to help. And then his mom got stuck on the floating bed, and Xander and his dad were down.

So Xander had an idea. He told his mom that the only way she could get down was if they put a ladder on the bed, and then she could walk down. Xander went to the garage, got an extra ladder, and put it right next to the floating bed. Finally, Xander's mom could come down.

Xander asked, "Is the magic floating bed because of my birthday?" His parents said, "Well, we heard some magical things might happen today." Xander asked how they were going to get his bed back. He told his parents he had an idea, and his mom asked, "How do you think we could get your special bed back?"

Xander said he once saw in a movie that there's a special kind of glasses for kids that let them see ghosts or wizards. He told his parents they needed to go to a store to get those special glasses. His parents said they didn't know where to get them. But Xander remembered a treasure map hidden in his backyard, under the ground in a box. He told his parents they had to dig up the treasure box to find a way to get the special glasses.

Xander's mom and dad started to dig using big shovels. Soon enough, they found the treasure box, opened it up, and saw a treasure map that led to the special glasses. The map had a picture of a cake on it. Xander said, "That's a clue, because cake is for birthdays, and it's my birthday!" His parents agreed.

So they drove to the cake store, chose a birthday cake with glasses on top, and brought it home. When they got home, Xander saw the special cake with glasses on it. He took the glasses off the cake and put them on.

When Xander put on the magic glasses, he finally understood why his bed was floating. He saw a magic carpet under his bed. The magic carpet could only be seen with the special birthday cake glasses. Xander showed his parents, and they saw it too. Xander's mom also saw a kitty cat dressed as a wizard on top of the bed.

Xander looked again and saw that the captain of his bed, the one steering it through the air like a pilot, was a wizard kitty cat. The kitty cat wore a tall blue hat and had a twinkly star in the middle of its eyes.

Xander asked his parents if they thought it was time to get the bed back in his room so they could have his birthday cake. They said that was a good idea. So Xander told the kitty cat wizard to steer his bed back into his bedroom. The kitty cat wizard listened and put the bed right where it was supposed to go.

Then the kitty cat wizard and the magic carpet left the bed. Xander asked if they wanted to have some birthday cake with him. The magic carpet and the kitty cat wizard said yes.

In the dining room, Xander's parents were getting ready to sing "Happy Birthday." But Xander put the glasses back on and saw a friendly ghost who loved to eat birthday cake. The ghost was going to take the first piece of Xander's cake before him, which wasn't fair.

Xander told the kitty cat wizard to tell the ghost not to take a bite of his cake first. The kitty cat wizard told the ghost, and the ghost listened. Then Xander's parents cut the cake, and everyone got a piece, including the ghost, the kitty cat, and the magic carpet. All of Xander's friends shared the yummy cake, and Xander and his family lived happily ever after. The end.