Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Murphy. Makeup story is the best podcast ever. Hi, I'm Daniel. I'm January 5. I live in Knoxville, Tennessee, and I would like my story to be about a bad regulars and a Maddie carpet and a ghost. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old boy whose name is Xander and who is going to be five years old in two days on January 5. Happy birthday, Xander. Happy birthday, Xander. And Xander lives in Knoxville, Tennessee. Xander asked for us to make up a story that includes a bad wizard, a magic carpet, and a ghost. Usually we only like to tell stories about nice things in makeup, and so we are going to make the wizard a good wizard. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four year old boy whose name was Xander. Xander was really excited because it was about to be his birthday. And Xander woke up from his bed that morning of his birthday, and he was very excited to get out of bed. But it wasn't so easy, because when Xander woke up, do you know what was happening to his bed? What? His bed was flying. Xander's bed was flying through the house. Usually, it couldn't fit through the doorway, but the doorway stretched out, and Xander's bed floated all the way to his mom and dad's room. And when Xander got in his mom and dad's room, xander stood up on his bed and said, mom, dad, I can't get down from my bed because it's in the air and I don't want to fall. And Xander's dad had to get a rope, and he had to climb up from his bed all the way onto Xander's floating bed. And then Xander's dad helped Xander get down on the rope to his dad. Nasty. Yeah. But then his dad got stuck on the floating bed, and his mom had to help. And then his mom got stuck on the floating bed, and Xander and his dad were down. So Xander had an idea. Xander told his mom that the only way that she could get down is if they put a ladder on the bed attached to it, and then she could walk down. So Xander went to the garage, and he got an extra ladder that they had in the garage in Knoxville, Tennessee, and he put it right next to the floating bed. And Xander's mom could finally come down. Xander said, was the magic floating bed because of my birthday. And Xander's parents said, well, we heard some magical things might happen today. And Xander asked his parents how they were going to get his bed back. And Xander told his parents that he had an idea. And Xander's mom said, well, how do you think we could get your special bed back? Xander told his parents that he once saw in a movie that there's a special kind of glasses that fit kids that when kids look through the glasses, they could see if there's ghosts or wizards or anything. So Xander told his parents that they needed to go to a store to get those special kind of glasses that Xander could put on to see ghosts and wizards. And Xander's parents said they didn't know where to get it. But Xander remembered that there was a treasure map that was hidden in his backyard, under the ground in a box. And he told his parents that they had to dig up the treasure box to find a way to get the special glasses. Well, Xander's mom and dad started to dig using grown up big shovels. And soon enough, they found the treasure box, and they opened it up, and they saw that there really was a treasure map that led to the special glasses. And the special treasure map had a picture of a cake on it. And so Xander said, that's a clue, because cake is for birthday, and it's my birthday coming up soon. And Xander's parents said yes. So Xander's parents drove to the cake store, and in the cake store, they chose a kind of birthday cake that had glasses on the top, and then they brought it home to Xander. When Xander's parents got home, he saw them carry in a special kind of birthday cake that had glasses on it. And Xander told his parents that he needed to take the glasses off the birthday cake because those were the kinds of glasses that the treasure map really led to. And Xander took the glasses off of the birthday cake, and he put it on his face so that he could see through the magic glasses with his eyes. And when Xander put on the magic glasses, he could finally understand why his bed was floating. Xander saw that under his bed, there was a magic carpet. And the magic carpet is something that you could only see if you have the special kind of birthday cake glasses that he discovered. And so Xander showed his parents that they could use the birthday glasses, and they would see also. So Xander's dad put on the birthday glasses, and he saw that under the bed, there was a magic carpet that was holding it up and making it fly. And Xander's mom put on the glasses, and she saw that there was a kitty cat on top of the bed who was saying, meow, and who is dressed up as a wizard. And Xander said, Let me see that. Because Xander had never seen a wizard kitty cat. And Xander put on the glasses, and he saw that really, the captain of his bed, the one who was steering it around the air, who was like a pilot, was a wizard. That was a kitty cat. And the kitty cat was wearing a long, tall blue hat. And the kitty cat did not have regular kitty cat eyes because in the middle of his eyes. The kitty cat had a twinkly star. And Xander finally found out the reason why his bed was floating. Xander asked his parents if they thought it was time to get the bed back in his room so that they could have his birthday cake. And Xander's parents said that was a good idea. So Xander told the kitty cat wizard that it needed to steer his bed back into his bedroom. And the kitty cat wizard listened. And it started to turn the bed outside of Xander's parents room. And the kitty cat wizard made the door bigger so it could fit the bed. And then he made Xander's door bigger so it could fit through Xander's doorway. And he went. And the kitty cat wizard put it right in Xander's bedroom where it was supposed to go. And then the kitty cat wizard and the magic carpet both went off of the bed. And Xander said, okay, do you guys want to have some birthday cake with me? Because magic carpets do need to eat a little bit so that they could have some magic and fly. Because flying takes energy. And a magic carpet can't fly if it has no energy. The magic carpet. And the kitty cat wizard said yes. And so Xander went to the dining room, and his parents were getting ready to sing Happy Birthday to you and to sing Xander's Happy Birthday song. But Xander put the glasses back on. And do you know what he saw? What? Xander saw a ghost. The ghost wasn't a mean ghost. It was a nice ghost. But it was a kind of ghost that really loved to eat birthday cake. And so the ghost was right next to the birthday cake and was going to take the first piece of Xander's birthday cake before Xander. And that's not fair, because Xander is the birthday boy. So Xander told the kitty cat wizard that the kitty cat wizard needed to tell the ghost not to take a bite of Xander's birthday cake first. And the kitty cat wizard told that to the ghost, and the ghost listened. And then Xander's parents cut the birthday cake, and Xander got his own big piece. And Xander's mom cut an extra piece for the ghost, an extra piece for the kitty cat, and an extra piece for the magic carpet. And all of Xander's friends shared the yummy cake. And Xander and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.