Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Penelope. Penelope lived in a castle in a faraway kingdom. She wasn't a princess; Penelope was just a regular girl who worked in the castle. Her job was to make sure all the floors were clean. Every day, Penelope would sweep the floors with a broom, and then mop them with water. Penelope was kind of friends with the queen who lived there.

One day, the queen told Penelope that she was going to have a baby. Penelope noticed the queen's tummy was getting bigger. The queen told Penelope that it felt a bit strange because the baby inside her was kicking and moving a lot. But when it didn't move, the queen couldn't feel the baby at all. Penelope told the queen that she hoped she would feel better, and the queen said, okay.

A few weeks later, the queen told Penelope that she was ready to have the baby, and Penelope said, okay. Some doctors from the kingdom wore big white coats and had a suitcase full of medical tools. The doctors came to the castle, and one of the guards opened the doors for them. Penelope showed the doctors where the queen was. The king was sitting next to the queen, and the queen told the doctors she was ready for the baby to come out.

The doctors told the queen to lie down and relax because the baby was going to come out. Penelope asked if she could watch. The queen and the king said it was okay because she also lived in the castle. When the queen lay down, her tummy suddenly got smaller. The queen's tummy looked like she wasn't pregnant anymore. The doctor asked, "Are you ready to give birth?" The queen said, "But I don't think the baby is in me anymore." All of the doctors looked around and couldn't see any baby, and they thought it was so strange that the queen was pregnant and then suddenly no baby came out, and her tummy was small again.

But Penelope was the only one who knew what really happened. While the doctors were getting ready, Penelope saw that there was a baby ninja. The ninja snuck out of the queen while nobody was looking because ninjas could be very sneaky. When ninjas are born, they're not like regular babies that cry and can't walk right away. When ninjas are born, they can do acrobatic tricks and be very sneaky, and it was a little ninja. Penelope realized that's why the queen felt so much kicking and moving while she was pregnant. It's because there was a ninja in her tummy.

Penelope told everyone that the queen had given birth to a ninja. The queen looked and said she thought it might have been a ninja, but she couldn't see any ninja. Everyone asked Penelope where the ninja went, but she couldn't find it. The queen and the king told Penelope that she should go back to the closet and get a broom to start cleaning again.

Penelope went to the closet. When she opened the door, she found the little ninja on the broom. The ninja was talking already and could do everything that a kid could do, even though it was just born. The ninja told Penelope that he was so happy that he got out of the queen's tummy finally because now he was going to grow up to be a prince ninja and then a king ninja when he got even older. Penelope told the ninja that his mom, the queen, was looking for him and nobody knew how he even escaped and that it was a real ninja. The ninja told Penelope that they should go out of the closet and she should start using the broom to clean the floors while the ninja was holding on to the broom. Penelope said okay because she was kind of sad that nobody even believed her, even though she was telling the truth.

So Penelope went out of the closet with the little ninja holding onto the broom, and everything that she swept on the floor turned that part of the castle into a giant arcade room. Once she swept the kitchen, she could see so many arcade games in the kitchen. The stove in the kitchen turned into a giant racing game, and the sink turned into one of those claw games where you could put in a quarter and make a claw go down on toys, and then you could pick up the toys. The part that used to be the sink was the new claw machine that came down, and the dishes in the sink turned into stuffed animals.

The ninja told Penelope, "Let's start cleaning up some other rooms." Penelope went to the king and queen's room, where she knew she was supposed to clean, and she started using the broom to clean it. The ninja was still on the broom and decided he would turn that broom into a ticket room. Whenever you went on the queen and king's bed, you got a ticket. If you tried to open the window, tickets came out. If you opened the doorknob, tickets came out through the part where the doorknob connects to the door. There were so many tickets, and quickly the whole castle was turning into a big arcade house while the queen and the king were still upstairs.

Penelope knew that they wanted to know where the ninja was. So she went upstairs, and the ninja said he was ready to meet his mom, the queen, and his dad, the king. When he got upstairs to the king and the queen, the king and queen looked at Penelope, who was holding the broom, and they saw the ninja. They saw that the ninja looked kind of like them. The queen said, "There really was a ninja in my belly. Most people, when they're pregnant, don't give birth to ninjas, but it does happen sometimes with kings and queens."

Penelope told the king and queen that she was able to find the ninja when she went to the closet to look for a broom. The queen was so happy. But the queen said, "Well, how did I give birth to a ninja instead of a regular person?" That's when the king, who was wearing a king's crown and a big king robe, whispered something into his wife, the queen's ear. The king told his wife that when he used to be a kid, he was also a ninja secretly. And that secretly, even though he pretended to be a regular person, a king, he was also a ninja.

The queen said, "Oh, now I understand. I gave birth to a ninja because I was secretly married to a ninja. The king is a ninja." And then Penelope and the king and the queen and the baby ninja started laughing so much. The ninja told the king and the queen that he made their whole castle into a giant arcade, and they thought that was so funny. Penelope and the king and the queen lived happily ever after. The end.