Ayi oi. Yiddi. Diana, welcome to makeup soys. My name is Penelope. Makeup soys the best podcast ever. Go to makeup. Soys.com if you want to be part of the group. Bye. AI. Hi. My name is Penelope. I am six years old. My birthday is November 15, and I live in Austin, Texas. And I would like a story about a queen that's having a baby, a king that's secretly a ninja, and a castle that turned into a k. Bye. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Penelope who lives in Austin, Texas, and who turns seven years old in about two weeks on November 15. And so we want to say, happy birthday, Penelope. And Penelope asked for us to make up a story that includes a queen who's going to have a baby, a king who is secretly a ninja, and a castle that turns into an arcade. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Penelope. Penelope lived in a castle in a faraway kingdom. She wasn't a princess. Penelope was just a regular girl who worked in the castle. And her job in the whole castle was to make sure that all of the floors were clean. And so every day, Penelope would get a broom, and she would start brooming up the floors, and then she would get a mop and put it in some water, and she would mop up the floor. Penelope was kind of friends with the queen who lived there. And the queen who lived there told Penelope one day that she was pregnant. And Penelope asked the queen when she was going to have a baby, and Penelope could see that the queen's tummy was getting a little bigger. The queen told Penelope that it felt a little bit strange because the baby inside of the queen was kind of, like, kicking and punching a lot. But when it didn't kick and punch, then the queen couldn't feel the baby at all. And Penelope told the queen that she hoped she would feel better, and the queen said, okay. Well, a few weeks later, the queen told Penelope that she was ready to have the baby, and Penelope said, okay. So there were some doctors from the kingdom that wore big white coats and had, like, a suitcase full of medical instruments. And the doctors came to the door of the castle, and one of the guards opened up the castle doors for the doctors, and the doctors walked into the castle, and Penelope showed them where the queen was. The king was sitting next to the queen, and the queen told the doctors she was ready for the baby to come out. And so the doctors told the queen to lie down and to relax because the baby was going to come out. And Penelope asked the doctors if she could watch. And the queen and the king said that it was okay because she also lived in the castle. And when the queen lied down, she suddenly had her tummy get smaller. The queen's tummy looks like she wasn't pregnant anymore. And the doctor said, Are you ready to give birth? And the queen said, But I don't think the baby is in me anymore. And all of the doctors looked around and they couldn't see any baby, and they thought it was so strange that the queen was pregnant. And then suddenly no baby came out, and then she wasn't pregnant, and her tummy was little again. But Penelope was the only one, the only one who knew what really happened. While the doctors were getting ready, penelope saw that there was a ninja that was a baby ninja. And the ninja snuck out of the queen while nobody was looking, because ninjas could be very sneaky, and when ninjas are born, they're not born like regular babies that say, wow and can't walk and stuff right away. When ninjas are born, they could do acrobatic tricks and they could be so sneaky, and it was a little ninja. And Penelope realized that's why the queen felt so much like kicking and punching and stuff while she was pregnant. It's because there was a ninja in her tummy. And Penelope told everyone that really the queen gave birth to a ninja. And the queen looked, and she said she thought it might have been a ninja, but she couldn't see any ninja. And so all of the people asked Penelope, well, where did the ninja go? And Penelope looked around, but she couldn't find it. So the queen and the king told Penelope that she should go back to the closet and that she should get a broom to start cleaning again. Penelope went to the closet. When she opened up the closet door, you won't believe who she found on the broom. It was the little ninja. And the little ninja was talking already. The ninja was able to do everything that a kid could do, even though it was just born. And the ninja told Penelope that he was so happy that he got out of the queen's tummy finally, because now he was going to grow up to be a prince ninja and then a king ninja when he got even older. And Penelope told the ninja that his mom, the queen, was looking for him and nobody knew how he even escaped and that it was a real ninja. And the ninja told Penelope that they should go out of the closet and she should start using the broom to clean the floors while the ninja was holding on to the broom. And Penelope said okay, because she was kind of sad that nobody even believed her, even though she was telling the truth. So Penelope went out of the closet with the little ninja holding onto the broom, and everything that she swept on the floor, turned that part of the castle into a giant arcade room. So once she swept the kitchen. She could see so many arcade games in the kitchen. The stove in the kitchen turned into a giant racing game, and the sink turned into one of those claw games where you could put in a quarter and you kind of make a claw going down on toys, and then you could pick up the toys. And the way it worked is the part that used to be the sink. That was the part that was the new claw machine that came down. And the dishes in the sink, well, they turned into stuffies. And so the ninja told Penelope, let's start cleaning up some other rooms. And Penelope went all the way to the king and queen's room, where she knew she was supposed to clean, and she started using the broom to clean it. Well, the ninja was still on the broom, and he decided he would turn that broom into kind of like a ticket room. And so whenever you went on the queen and king's bed, you got a ticket. And if you tried to open the window, tickets came out. And if you opened the doorknob, well, then guess what? There were some tickets that came out through the part where the doorknob connects to the door. There were so many tickets, and quickly the whole castle was turning into a big, big arcade house while the queen and the king were still upstairs. And Penelope knew that they wanted to know where the ninja was. So she went upstairs, and the ninja said he was ready to meet his mom, the queen, and his dad, the king. And when he got upstairs to the king and to the queen, the king and queen looked at Penelope, who was holding the broom, and they saw the ninja. And they saw that the ninja looked kind of like them. And so the queen said, there really was a ninja in my belly. Most people, when they're pregnant, don't give birth to ninjas, but it does happen sometime with kings and queens. And Penelope told the king and queen that she was able to find the ninja when she went to the closet to look for a broom. And the queen was so happy. But the queen said, well, how did I give birth to a ninja as opposed to a regular person? And that's when the king, who was wearing a king's crown and a big king robe, whispered something into his wife, the queen's ear. And the king told his wife that when he used to be a kid, he was also a ninja secretly. And that secretly, even though he pretended to be a regular person, a king, he was also a ninja. And the queen said, oh, now I understand. I gave birth to a ninja because I was secretly married to a ninja. The king is a ninja. And then Penelope and the king and the queen and the baby ninja started laughing so much, and the ninja told the king and the queen that he made their whole castle into a giant arcade, and they thought that was so funny. And Penelope and the king and the queen lived happily ever after. The end. I o nira. My name is Laurie. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Ask your parents to go to Makeup stories.com if you want to be on the podcast.