Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Jesse. It was the weekend, and Jesse was going on a big hike with his mom, his dad, and his older brother Jonah. They brought a backpack with them, and in the backpack, they had a bottle of water and some special yummy treats. The rule for the hike was that they would get some treats after they were halfway up the mountain, and they would get the rest of the treats after they got all the way to the top of the mountain. There would be one last treat that they would get when they got all the way to the bottom again.

Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda were walking up the trail on the mountain, and there were some big rocks that they had to walk over. Jesse decided to be the leader. So he went in front of everyone, and Jonah had to follow Jesse, and Steve had to follow Jonah, and Amanda had to follow Steve. As Jesse was leading the way, he saw that there was a cave in the mountain, and he told everybody that they should go look at the cave. Jesse led his whole family into the cave. He didn't have a flashlight, so he asked his dad if he could borrow his phone to use the flashlight on his phone. Steve gave Jesse his phone. Jesse turned on the flashlight, and he looked inside the cave, and he saw the eye of a giant. Because the flashlight was shining in the giant's eye, it woke up the giant. The giant said, "Hachu." And he sneezed right on Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda. The giant's sneeze was so big, it blew them down. Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda fell down. It hurt a little bit to fall down, and it was a little bit scary because the giant's eye had fire in it.

Jesse told everyone to run away. Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda ran out of the cave. When they got back on the trail, Jesse told everyone they should hurry down to the bottom of the mountain, but it was too late. It wasn't a mountain. It was a giant. It was too late because the mountain that they were on started shaking and quivering. It felt like there was an earthquake in it. Really? It wasn't a mountain. It was the giant's house. The giant just covered his house in grass and dirt and put rocks on top of it so people would think it's a mountain. When the giant got up, his head poked out of the top of the mountain. Jesse looked up at the top of the mountain, and he saw that the fire in the giant's eyes was changing colors, and it was turning into yellow and purple and red. He said, "We better go as fast as we can to the bottom of the mountain." He asked Steve to give him a shoulder ride. Jonah got a shoulder ride on Amanda's shoulders, and they started running as fast as they could, but it was no use because there were rocks that were falling all over the sides of the mountain, and it was so hard to escape because the giant already got out of the mountain. That was really his house.

Jesse needed to think of an idea. So Jesse said, "Oh, I know what to do. We need birds to help." He told Steve to start to call some birds to see if the birds could help carry them away. Steve started to whistle. As he whistled, a lot of the birds that were around the mountain saw the commotion, and they flew around. Some of the birds flew so close in circles around the giant's head. The giant was so big, he thought the birds were just flies. The giant tried to swat away the birds, and it was kind of distracting the giant so he wouldn't see that Steve, Jonah, Jesse, and Amanda were escaping down the mountain. They escaped all the way to the bottom of the mountain, to the parking lot where their car was. They rushed into their car, and they put on the seatbelts as quickly as possible in their car seats. The construction workers built that parking lot there, right next to a giant home, because they thought it was a mountain. Everyone was tricked.

They got in their car, and Steve drove the car as fast as he could out of the parking lot, down the highway. But the giant saw with his fire eye that there was a car that was speeding down the road that had some people in it. The birds that the giant thought were just flies could no longer distract the giant because they didn't want the giant to hit them. So they had to fly away. The giant got up out of the mountain and stood up into the clouds, and he started chasing after the car. That's when Steve, Amanda, Jonah, and Jesse said they needed to have another idea. "Police. Yes." Jesse said, "Let's call the police." They dialed the phone number for the police, which in New Zealand is 111 and in America, it's 911. They called the police, and Jesse said, "Quick emergency. There's a giant that came out of the mountain, and the giant is chasing us." The police said, "Okay, we're going to have to come help, and we're going to need to send some helicopters."

Jesse looked out of the back window of his car, and he saw that there was a helicopter that was coming on the double, and he could hear the helicopter whirring about in the sky right behind the giant's hair. The helicopter pilot, who was a policeman, had an idea to get the propellers to tangle up the giant's hair. The helicopter propellers went all the way into the giant's hair, and it kind of twisted the giant's hair into a big knot. The giant just thought the helicopter was a bird and smacked the helicopter. The giant's hair was getting tied in such a big knot, and it didn't know why its hair was getting tied in a knot because the giant didn't know about helicopters. Giants don't usually see helicopters, like when they're in their houses or underground or too high up in the sky. The giant thought that maybe it was a bird or something. The giant decided to stop chasing the car that Steve, Amanda, Jonah, and Jesse were in. Instead, it tried to chase the helicopter. But that's exactly what the police helicopter wanted because when the giant started to chase the police helicopter, that's when the police helicopter told the fire truck to squirt some water into the giant's fire eyes. The fire truck used its biggest hose, and it squirted the water all the way into the giant's fire eyes. The water made the eyes go out. The giant couldn't see. The giant said, "Oh, no, I can't see anymore." The giant couldn't see where the helicopter was, and it couldn't see where Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda's car was. Its hair was all tangled up.

The giant sat down and decided to give up. The giant was really sad, and its eyes were hurting. The giant started to cry. Jesse saw that the giant was crying. Jesse said to Steve that he could stop driving away. They decided to go out of their car. When they got out of their car, they saw that the police helicopters put a net on top of the giant. It was such a big net. They caught the giant. The giant was saying he was so, so sorry because he thought that people were just like ants or something, and he didn't mean to hurt people. It was just that he thought they were so little. They didn't even think or have feelings, and he didn't even know about people. Jesse told the policeman that he should just tell the giant that he should go away to a different world and never be heard from again. Then he could be left alone. The giant said that's what he would do. They decided to let the giant go. The giant walked away to a different world, never to be heard from again. Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.