Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse were born at the same time, and they were born attached to each other. Their hands were attached, so they were kind of like one person, but they had two different bodies that were attached at the hands. This happens to some real people in the world; it's called conjoined twins. Because their hands were attached, they always had to go to the same places, and they took baths together, and they had to go to the bathroom together, but they still had two different heads. So when they had cereal in the morning, they did get different bowls of cereal. But if they wanted to play with toys, each of them could only use one hand because their other hand was connected. And so they always had to play the same games.

Now, one thing that Jonah and Jesse were very good at was playing soccer, especially as goalies. Because they were attached to each other and they had two bodies, it was easier for them to block the ball from going in. They were also very good at drawing because they could whisper in each other's ears since they were so close to each other, and other people wouldn't hear. They'd come up with plans for good pictures to draw, and one of them could use one hand to draw one side of the picture, and the other could use the other hand to draw the other side of the picture. They would meet in the middle, so they'd be able to draw pictures twice as fast as regular people.

Jonah and Jesse had lots of friends who wanted to play with them and go over to their house. However, there were some things that were harder for them to do, like riding a bicycle. They had to get a special bicycle that had four wheels and two seats side by side. When they wanted to turn the bicycle, they had to both use their right arms to turn it the right way. But they were able to go really fast on the bicycle because they were able to have four different feet pedaling at the same time.

Jonah and Jesse got to be really good at so many things, but sometimes they just wanted to be alone because Jonah might say something that annoyed Jesse a little bit, or Jesse might do something that bothered Jonah a little bit, and they could never, ever be separate. And so one day, Jonah told Jesse that he really just wanted to be on his own, and his hand was always attached to Jesse. Jesse suggested that they could put a curtain in between them so that they wouldn't see each other sometimes. They decided to attach a curtain in between them so they couldn't see each other. But the problem was, they still had to walk together, and if they wanted to sit on the couch, they had to watch the same TV show, the same cartoon, and they still had to go to sleep at the same time. And if one of them wanted to sleep on their stomach and the other one wanted to sleep on his back, then they had an argument about that.

Finally, Jonah and Jesse decided that they were going to see a doctor and ask the doctor if he could detach them. They went to see a really famous doctor named Dr. McDougall. Dr. McDougall was a very famous doctor because his whole medical practice was in a jungle, and it was full of really special plants. The plants in Dr. McDougall's office came from different rainforests in hidden parts of the world. Some of those plants had leaves that had special magical properties.

Jonah and Jesse went to Dr. McDougall's office to see if any of his special jungle plants could help make them get better. Dr. McDougall said that there was a way to disconnect their hands, but they had to go to a really special plant. He wasn't sure if it was going to work because the plant had a kind of gooey, slimy thing on it that smelled really bad. Jonah and Jesse decided to go to the plant, and they had a choice because they had two noses. They agreed that Jesse would use his right hand to hold his nose, and Jonah would use his left hand to hold his nose, and the middle hand wouldn't hold any nose because that was the attached hand.

When they got to the plant, they saw that there was this kind of creamy stuff on the plant. Dr. McDougall said all they had to do was touch that disgusting-smelling stuff with the hand that's attached, and then it would get unattached. Jesse and Jonah decided to touch the creamy substance, hoping it would separate them. Instead of separating them, it made another Jesse and Jonah. The first plant, the one that tried to eat them, came racing and tried to eat them again. But when that second plant tried to eat them again, this time it touched a little bit of Jonah's head and a little bit of Jesse's head. Finally, something magical must have come out of that plant, and then Jesse and Jonah got detached, and both of them did.

Now, Jesse and Jonah were detached, and their hands weren't together, but there was an extra Jesse and an extra Jonah. Jesse and Jonah were really happy that they were detached, but they didn't know what to do with the extra Jesse and the extra Jonah. And whatever the first Jesse said, the second Jesse would just copy. And whatever the first Jonah said, the second Jonah would also just copy. And so now, instead of having attached hands, they had copy Jonah's and copy Jesse's, and they really didn't know what to do. And I would tell you what happened after that, but the story is getting a little too long, so I'll have to save that for another day. Jesse and Jonah and the other Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end.