Hi, my name is rose. Welcome to makeup stories. Go to makeup stories.com to join the makeup stories club. Nayo okay, jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? Something on plant that you can't see and whatever you think of. Jesse wants this story to be about something on a plant that you can't see, and when you touch it, you turn into whatever you're thinking of. And jonah, what do you want to be in the story? Something weird. And jonah wants something weird to be in the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named jonah and jesse. And jonah and jesse were born at the same time, and they were born attached to each other. Their hands were attached, so they were kind of like one person, but they had like, two different bodies that were attached in the hands. And that happens to some real people in the world. It's called conjoined twins. And because their hands were attached, they always had to go in the same places, and they took baths together, and they had to go to the bathroom together, but they still had two different heads. And so when they had cereal in the morning, they did get different bowls of cereal. But if they wanted to play with toys, each of them could only use one hand because their other hand was connected. And so they always had to play the same games. Now, one thing that jonah and jesse were very good at was if they were playing soccer, they were so good at being the goalie, because usually when you play soccer, there's just, like, one person with one body. That's the goalie. But when jonah and jesse were playing soccer, because they were attached to each other and they had, like, two bodies, it was easier for them to block the ball from going in, because if the ball is going on one side, jonah kicks it the other side. Jesse yeah. So they were really good at playing soccer, and everyone wanted for jonah and jesse to be on their team. Another thing was they were also very good at drawing and stuff like that because they could whisper in each other's ears since they were so close to each other and other people wouldn't hear. So they'd come up with plans for good pictures to draw. And then one of them could use one hand to draw one side of the picture and the other could use the other hand to draw the other side of the picture. And they would meet in the middle. And so they'd be able to draw pictures twice as fast as regular people. And they were also really good at, like, two hands, but two people connected, making two hands, because if they have two hands, the two hands are connected. They only have two hands left. So it's even so much tooth. Yes, there's so many twos, and it's even and so Jonah and Jesse used to have lots of kids that wanted to play with them and go over to their house. And there were some things that it was harder for them to do, like riding a bicycle. They had to get a special bicycle that had instead of just two wheels, it had four wheels and two seats side by side. And when they wanted to turn the bicycle, they had to both use the right arms to turn it the right way. But they were able to go really fast on the bicycle because they were able to have like, four different feet. Pedaling. They could both pedal at the same time. And so Jonah and Jesse got to be really good at so many things, but sometimes they just wanted to be alone because Jonah might say something that annoyed Jesse a little bit, or Jesse might do something that bothered Jonah a little bit, and they could never, ever be separate. And so one day, jonah told Jesse, jesse, you're my favorite brother, but I really just want to be on my own, and my hand is always attached to you. And so what can we do? And Jesse said, oh, I have an idea. We could put, like, a curtain in between us so that I won't see you sometimes and you won't see me sometimes. And so they decided to attach a curtain in between them so they couldn't see each other. But the problem was, they still had to walk together. And if they wanted to sit on the couch, they had to watch the same TV show, the same cartoon, and they still had to go to sleep at the same time. And if one of them wanted to sleep on the tummy and the other one wanted to sleep on his back, then they had an argument about that. And so finally, jonah and jesse decided that they were going to see a doctor and to ask the doctor if he could detach them. And so they went to see a really famous doctor, and that doctor's name was Dr. McDougall. Now, Dr. McDougall was a very famous doctor because his whole medical practice, like his office, where he was a doctor, was in a jungle, and it was full of really special plants. And the plants in Dr. MacDougall's office came from different rainforests in hidden parts of the world. And some of those plants had leaves that had special magical properties. And, like one of the leaves of one of Dr. MacDougall's plants, if you rub that leaf on your skin, then first you would get like a little bit of a rash on your skin, just like poison ivy. But then after the rash went away, then your skin would get to be bulletproof there, and it would get super strong. There was another plant that Dr. MacDougall had. This one, like the actual plant, wasn't really special, but under the plant, there were roots that grew into the ground. And if you took out some of the roots from under the ground and you tied those roots around your toes, then it made your toes turn into almost like rubber band balls. They became really bouncy, so it let you jump really high. And so there were lots of people in the world that had all sorts of medical problems that would go to Dr. MacDougall's office to see if any of his special jungle plants could help make them get better. And it was Jonah and Jesse's Turn. So Jonah and Jesse walked into Dr. McDougall's office together, and just as they were going into the office, there was a big flower with green leaves that came and tried to eat Jonah up. And it was like such a big flower, it moved. Most flowers don't really move, but there's a couple kinds of flowers, like a Venus fly trap is one that could kind of eat bugs. It's a flower that traps bugs in it. And this was a kind of flower that had green leaves, and it tried to eat people, but luckily, it tried to get Jonah. And Jesse saw that, and Jesse was on the other side. So Jesse kicked the flower, and then it stopped trying to eat Jonah and it let go. And Dr. McDougall said, welcome to my jungle office. I see that that special flower tried to eat you and Jonah's. Like, that's crazy. Don't let the flower eat me. And Jesse told Dr. McDougall that he saved Jonah. And that's when Dr. McDougal said that there was a way to disconnect their hands, but they had to go to a really special plant. And he wasn't sure if it was going to work because the plant had a kind of gooey, slimy thing on it that when you looked at it, it looked a little bit like Vaseline on top of the plant. And it smelled really, really bad. It smelled kind of like in between poop and garbage and Jesse and yeah, it was so disgusting. And Jesse and Jonah, they decided to go to the plant, and they had a choice because they had two noses. Jonah had one nose and Jesse had another nose, but it was hard for them both to hold their noses at the same time. And so finally, they agreed that Jesse would use his right hand to hold his nose, and Jonah would use his left hand to hold his nose, and the middle hand wouldn't hold any nose because that was the attached hand. And when they got to the plant, they saw that there was this kind of creamy stuff on the plant. And Dr. McDougall said, all you have to do is go to the plant and touch that disgusting smelling stuff with the hand that's attached, and then it will get unattached. And so Jesse and Jonah decided that okay, they really didn't want to because it was so disgusting. But maybe if they could be separate, and then they'll be cured for the rest of their lives. Maybe it was worth it. And so Jesse and Jonah went all the way to the plant, and they closed their eyes and they touched that creamy vaseline kind of stuff that smelled so bad. And just when they touched it, Jesse and Jonah got double. It didn't work. Instead of separating them, it made another Jesse and Jonah. And then after, there was the other Jesse and Jonah, then the first plant, the one that tried to eat them, that came right through the door racing and tried to eat them again. But when that second plant tried to eat them again, this time it got like to touch a little bit of Jonah's head and a little bit of Jesse's head. And when it did that, finally something magical must have come out of that plant. And then Jesse and Jonah got detached, and both of them did. And so now Jesse and Jonah were detached. Their hands weren't together, but there was an extra Jesse and an extra Jonah. And so Jesse and Jonah were really happy that they were detached, but they didn't know what to do with the extra Jesse and the extra Jonah. And whatever the first Jesse said, the second Jesse would just copy. And whatever the first Jonah said, the second Jonah would also just copy. And so now, instead of having attached hands, they had copy Jonah's and copy Jesse's, and they really didn't know what to do. And I would tell you what happened after that, but the story is getting a little too long, so I'll have to save that for another day. And Jesse and Jonah and the other Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end we need o. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Charlie. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the club.