Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Everleigh. It was Everly's 7th birthday, and she had lots of fun things planned for the day, including a birthday cake. But Everleigh waited and waited and waited. When she finally got her birthday cake and her parents cut it, guess what happened? The cake was empty! It just had frosting on the outside, and inside it was totally empty. So when Everly's mom cut the cake and started to give it to Everly, all she saw was the frosting part. Nothing in the middle. And Everleigh said, "That's not fair, mom, because I wanted a regular birthday cake." And it wasn't fair because kids should have a regular birthday cake.

Just as Everly said that, there was a knock on the door, and Everleigh was about to cry because it didn't feel good. But the knock went knock, knock, knock. And Everleigh opened the door, and there was a person dressed up in an owl costume. The person said, "Everly, it's getting late right now. Do you want to go with your parents and me on a special nighttime walk adventure? We can see what happened to your missing cake?" And Everleigh said okay. So Everly held her parents' hands, and they followed the person wearing the owl costume as they went outside in Overland Park, Kansas, in the dark.

Everly could tell that there was something a little bit different and strange, maybe even magical, about the person wearing the owl costume. Because Everly said, "Guys, I think it's a little bit too dark." And then guess what the owl costume person did? He turned on his flashlight eyes! This was a special magical person who had flashlight eyes that shined when it's dark. They were the best kind of eyes. That's why he wore an owl costume because owls are also very good at seeing in the dark. This person was shining his flashlight eyes all over, and it was so easy for Everleigh and her parents to see.

As they walked down the sidewalk, the owl costume person said, "Everly, do you want to follow me to the cake factory?" And Everleigh said okay. The flashlight turned brighter and brighter, and she saw a part of Overland Park, Kansas that she had never been to. The part, even during daytime, was kind of hidden, and you needed flashlight eyes even during the daytime to see it. But it's behind some trees, and if you go past the trees and climb over the roots because the roots stick out in the ground, then you can see the cake factory.

Now, the cake factory was a special kind of cake factory because they didn't use regular cake ingredients. They made cakes that were only made of frosting and ice cream. The owl costume person opened the door to the factory, and Everleigh and her parents looked inside. They saw the whole factory was full of penguin workers! The penguin workers were mixing up cake mix, and they had big things to pour so much frosting, making lots of cakes. After they made a cake, they put it in a box and attached some string to the box. Then birds would carry the boxes of cakes out of the factories and bring them far away to different stores.

The owl eye person with the flashlight eyes told Everleigh that the reason her cake had no middle part and only had frosting on the top was because a bird dropped her cake in the air, and only the top part was left. And Everleigh said, "Well, can I have a different cake?" The owl eye person spoke to the penguin in a penguin language, and the penguin who was in charge of the cake factory said okay. He started to make an entire frosting cake that was so big, it was as big as a kitchen, and it had tunnels inside that kids could go through. So if you wanted to go for a special tunnel exploration, you could explore and make a tunnel through the cake. Could she even add another tunnel bite with her now? Yeah.

The owl eye person told Everly that she could just bite the cake in the middle as she was crawling through to make new tunnels and that it was a lot of fun for kids. So Everly was happy again because it's better to have this huge tunnel cake that you could climb in and get frosting all over you and then lick it off your skin, and it gets dirty. But it's a lot of fun to crawl through cake. Did she get what yeah? The thing is, the cakes don't get so mushy when you crawl through them because they have some reinforcements, so it stays kind of sturdy. But Everly was so happy because she got that kind of cake.

The owl costume person with the flashlight eyes told Everly that they couldn't use a regular bird to get it back to her house. They would need to carry it on deer. Now, there were no horses in this area, but there were a lot of deer that used to come in and out of the cake factory because the deer used their antlers, which grow out of their head, to mix up the cake mix in the cake factory. After they would finish mixing it up, some of the birds delivering the cake got to eat a little bit of the frosting from the deer's antlers as a treat.

The deer told Everley that they would do a deer delivery truck. The way that would work is all of the deer would attach ropes to each other, and then they would stand a little apart, and in the middle of the ropes that attached them, they would put the big cake. Then they would go to Everley's house. But Everleigh told them that even with the owl costume person's flashlight eyes, it wasn't going to be so easy to find their way back to her house. There were also some tree roots and stuff that they would have to jump over. The deer told Everly and her parents that they might need a gymnast to come help because gymnasts are really good at doing acrobatic tricks like somersaults, jumping, tumbling, and doing lots of fun things. And definitely, if there are tree roots and deer need to get over the tree roots, then you can have an owl costume person shine flashlight eyes, and you can also have the acrobat and the gymnast do jumps to tell you if there's going to be tree roots or stuff that's bumpy on the dirt path up ahead so that the deer wouldn't trip.

Everley was so happy because the penguin factory person knew that there was a gymnast who lived in the factory, and the gymnast did some cartwheels off of the factory roof. There were big candles on top of the cake, but the candles weren't lit. The gymnast walked on top of all of the candles, jumping from candle to candle until he got on top of the deer and started riding the deer through the forest as the owl costume person turned on his owl flashlight eyes. They went all the way back to Everleigh's house marching. Everleigh would say march 2, three, four, and all of the deer and the gymnast would march, and Everleigh's parents would watch, and they were so happy.

When Everly got back to her house, she thanked the owl costume person, the deer, and everyone, including the gymnast. She told them that she would see them again a different day, and Everleigh was so happy. She and her family lived happily ever after. The end.