Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Everleigh. It was Everly's 7th birthday, and she had a lot of fun things planned for the day, including a birthday cake. But Everleigh waited and waited and waited. And when she finally got her birthday cake and her parents cut it, do you know what happened? What? All of the cake was empty. It just had frosting on the outside, and inside it was totally empty. So when Everly's mom cut the cake and started to give it to Everly, do you know what Everly saw? What? Only the frosting part. Nothing in the middle. And Everleigh said, "That's not fair, mom, because I wanted to have a regular birthday cake." And it wasn't fair because kids should have a regular birthday cake.

And just as Everly said that, there was a knock on the door, and Everleigh was about to cry because it did not feel good. But the knock went knock, knock, knock. And Everleigh opened the door, and there was a person that was dressed up in an owl costume. And the person said, "Everly, it's getting late right now. Do you want to go with your parents and with me on a special nighttime walk adventure? And we can see what happened to your missing cake?" And Everleigh said okay. And so Everly held her parents' hands, and they followed the person who was wearing an owl costume as they went outside in Overland Park, Kansas, in the dark.

Well, Everly could tell that there was something a little bit different and strange and maybe even magical about the person who was wearing the owl costume. Because Everly said, "Guys, I think it's a little bit too dark." And then do you know what the owl eye costume person did? What? He turned on his flashlight eyes. This was a special magical person who had flashlight eyes that shined when it's dark. And they were the best kind of eyes. That's why he wore an owl costume, because owls are also very good at seeing in the dark. But this type of person was shining his flashlight eyes all over, and it was so easy for Everleigh and her parents to see.

And they were walking down the sidewalk, and the owl costume person said, "Everly, do you want to follow me to the cake factory?" And Everleigh said okay. And the flashlight turned brighter and brighter, and she saw a part of Overland Park, Kansas that she had never been to. The part, I think even during daytime, it's kind of hidden, and you need flashlight eyes even during the daytime to see it. But it's behind some trees, and if you go past the trees and you climb over the roots because the roots stick out in the ground, then you can see the cake factory.

Now, the cake factory is a special kind of cake factory because, in the cake factory, they don't use regular cake ingredients. They make cakes that are only made of frosting and ice cream. And the owl costume person opened the door to the factory, and Everleigh and her parents looked inside the factory, and they saw that the whole factory was full of penguin workers. And the penguin workers were mixing up some cake mix, and they had big things to pour, so much frosting, and they were making so many cakes. And after they made a cake, they put the cake in a box and they attached some string to the box, and then birds would carry the boxes of cakes out of the factories and bring them far away to different stores.

And the owl eye person with the flashlight eyes told Everleigh that the reason that her cake had no middle part and it only had frosting in the top is because first, when a bird was trying to drop off her cake, it dropped in the air, and only the top part was left. And Everleigh said, "Well, can I have a different cake?" And the owl eye person spoke to the penguin in a penguin language, and the penguin who was in charge of the cake factory said okay. And he started to make an entire frosting cake that was so big, it was as big as a kitchen, and it had tunnels inside that kids could go through. So if you wanted to go for a special tunnel exploration, you could explore, and you make a tunnel through the cake. Could even she add another tunnel bite with her now? Yeah.

And the owl eye person was telling Everly that she could just bite the cake in the middle as she was crawling through to make new tunnels and that it was a lot of fun for kids. So Everly was happy again because it's better to have this huge tunnel cake that you could climb in and get frosting all over you and then lick it off your skin, and it gets dirty. But it's a lot of fun to crawl through cake. Did she get what yeah? The thing is, the cakes don't get so mushy when you crawl through them because they have some reinforcements, and so it stays kind of sturdy. But as Everly was so happy because she got that kind of cake.

The owl costume person with the flashlight eyes told Everly that they couldn't use a regular bird to get it back to her house. They would need to carry it on for deer. Now, there were no horses in this area, but there were a lot of deer that used to come in and out of the cake factory because the deer used their antlers, because deer have antlers that grow out of their head, and they used to use their antlers to mix up the cake mix in the cake factory. And then after they would finish mixing it up, then some of the birds which were delivering the cake, they got to eat a little bit of the frosting from the deer's antlers as a treat.

But the deer told Everley that they would do a deer delivery truck. And the way that would work is all of the deer would attach ropes to each other, and then they would stand a little apart, and in the middle of the ropes that attached them, they would put the big cake, and then they would go to Everley's house. But Everleigh told them that even with the owl costume person's flashlight eyes, it wasn't going to be so easy to find their way back to Everleigh's house. And there were also some tree roots and stuff that they would have to jump over. And the deer told Everly and her parents that they might need a gymnast to come help because gymnasts are really good at doing acrobatic tricks like somersaults and jumping and tumbling and doing a lot of fun things. And definitely, if there's tree roots and deer need to get over the tree roots, then you can have an owl costume person shine flashlight eyes, and then you can also have the acrobat and the gymnast do jumps to tell you if there's going to be, like, tree roots or stuff that's bumpy on the dirt path up ahead so that the deer wouldn't trip.

And Everley was so happy because the penguin factory person knew that there was a gymnast who lived in the factory, and the gymnast did some cartwheels off of the factory roof, and there were big candles on top of the cake spud, but the candles weren't lit. And the gymnast walked on top of all of the candles, jumping and jumping from candle to candle until he, until the gymnast got on top of the deer and started riding the deer through the forest as the owl costume person turned on his owl flashlight eyes, and they went all the way back to Everleigh's house marching. And Everleigh would say march 2, three, four, and all of the deer and the gymnast would march, and Everleigh's parents would watch, and they were so happy.

And Everly got back to her house, and she thanked the owl costume person, and she thanked the deer, and she told everyone, including the gymnast, that she would see them again a different day, and Everleigh was so happy, and she and her family lived happily ever after. The end.