Yiddai. Welcome to mate up. Stories. My name is Jameson. Mate Up Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends AI name is Zachary. I am five years old. I live in California, and I would like a story about a ninja zebra, the ocean, and a hot dog that gives you superpowers. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Zachary who is six years old and who lives in California. And Zachary asked for us to make up a story that includes a ninja zebra, an ocean, and a hot dog that gives you superpowers. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Zachary. Zachary went to school, and he was in the first grade. Zachary's school was kind of big, and there was a playground outside of his school. Inside of the school, there were lots of different classrooms. And all of the classrooms had chairs, and they also had a teacher's desk in front. Everyone who went to Zachary's school, including Zachary, everyone thought that it was a regular school. But one day, when Zachary needed to use the bathroom, he asked his teacher if he could have a bathroom pass. And his teacher said, okay. And Zachary walked through the hallway of his school, and he opened the wrong door. It wasn't for the bathroom. And Zachary saw that there were some disco lights behind that door, and there was a secret room. And Zachary decided that he would go see if there was a little bathroom there. The disco lights were making lots of different colors all over the secret room. And in middle of the secret room, there was a circle. The circle was drawn on the floor with blue marker. Zachary decided that he would inspect and check out what that circle was. So Zachary walked to the middle of the secret room, and he walked to the middle of the blue circle that was on the floor. When Zachary was in middle of the blue circle, all of the disco lights went dark. And suddenly there was no lights in the room at all. It was pitch black. And then all of a sudden, the floor that Zachary was on, it started to turn a little bit. And then a green light came on from the ceiling. And the green light very quickly changed colors and became a blue light. And then there was the sound of some crickets chirping and making some noise, just like outside sometimes in the evening. Well, things were getting stranger and stranger because as the light went on and as the crickets were chirping, the blue circle that was on the floor got disconnected, and it turned into kind of an elevator that went under the ground. And that's when Zachary discovered that under his school and under the playground and under the regular part of the school, there was a secret school. And the regular kids that went to the regular school they didn't know about the secret school. But Zachary found out how to get there by going in that wrong door and by staying in the middle of the blue circle. When the blue circle went down, just like an elevator, he was really surprised at what he saw, because under the school, there was a much bigger playground than there was outside the playground. Under the school had water slides that had hoses on the top. So you slip down the slide kind of faster, and it's more fun. And you go slow on the bottom so you don't have to worry about getting a boo boo. There were also really cool swings. It wasn't just like regular swings that went back and forth. The swings in the underground playground, which was hidden under Zachary school, well, those swings, they kind of didn't just go up and down. They also went sideways and in circles. So first you could have like you didn't even need people to push it. There were buttons on the swings, you know, the chains that you hold on to on swings with your hands. Well, on those chains, there were different buttons, and the swing could push itself. So you could press a forward button. You could press a higher button. You could do a backwards button. And there was also side to side buttons on these swings. And Zachary saw that there was lots of food stands all over the secret playground. And there were big kids from all over because it seemed like big kids knew about this secret playground, but little kids didn't. And so Zachary asked one of the big kids if he could get a hot dog. And the kid asked Zachary if he went to the school that was on top of the secret playground, and Zachary said yes. And then the kid told Zachary that if he didn't tell any of the other kids about the secret playground, then he could have a hot dog. Zachary said okay, but that he had to go back to class soon because his bathroom break was just for a little bit. And so the older kid said okay, and he gave Zachary a hot dog with some ketchup on it. Zachary decided to take a bite to try the hot dog right away. When he ate the hot dog, he could see that even though it looked like a hot dog, it didn't taste like a hot dog. Instead, it tasted kind of like a cupcake. And this hot dog was a magical kind of hot dog. It was really like a cupcake that had food coloring on it to make it look like it was a hot dog color. And the bun, the bread part, that also it wasn't made of regular bread. It was made of cake. And the cake must have had a little bit of magic dust that was sprinkled in it, because when Zachary ate his first bite of the magic hot dog, he immediately started to see some things. First, there started to be some ninja zebras. The ninja zebras were going on all of the playground rides. Usually it's hard for zebras to go on swings and stuff, but these zebras, which looked like horses but had white and black stripes, well, those zebras were really cool because they could turn some of their legs into arms, and they could move their heads all the way around like an owl. And the zebras were able to hold on to the swing with their front legs, which they were able to use as arms and press the buttons. So the zebras were going on the swings, and then they would do ninja tricks to get off the swings, like cartwheels and that kind of stuff. Zachary was having a lot of fun looking around this underground school when he suddenly saw that the hot dog made anything that he wanted to come true happen. And so he wanted to know if he could turn the floor of the underground world into a little ocean. Not a deep ocean like the real ocean, but the whole floor had to be covered with just one inch of rain, so about the size of like a quarter that high. And that rain was kind of ocean water, and there were little waves just like in the ocean. And Zachary also decided that there should be little pirates that would be on little ships that were on the floor in the water of this underground playground. And it was getting to be a lot of fun because everything that Zachary would imagine would come true. But then Zachary remembered that he had to go back to class soon, and so he told his friends that he was going to have to leave the secret underground playground and that he would come back a different time. All of the zebras and the big kids said it was so much fun to play with Zachary. And Zachary went upstairs and he went to the bathroom, which he found, and then he went back to his class. And he didn't tell anyone about the secret playground that was under his school. But from then and there, every once in a while, zachary would sneak there and have a little adventure. And Zachary and his family lived happily ever after. The End I-O-A ni Nayo thanks for listening to Make Up Stories, the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.