Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a superhero named Sabia. Most superheroes are grown-ups who wear costumes and save the day. But Sabia was a kid who was a superhero. Sabia's superpower was that he could talk to doggies. Usually, when people talk to doggies, the doggies can understand a little bit. Like if you tell a doggie to stay, then the doggie might stay. But if a doggie talks, it's very hard for people to understand what the doggie means. But Sabia had a way of understanding. Whenever Sabia wanted to understand what a doggie was saying, he would say, "Whoosh, who Shawash, whoosh who Shawash." And then he would be able to understand what the doggies were saying.

One day, Sabia's white fluffy doggie walked out of his house by himself with no leash. So Sabia went outside to chase his doggie and tell him to come back inside. But the doggie ran all the way to Sabia's cousin Gabriella's house, and he barked at the door, and Gabriella came out. The doggie wanted to play with Sabia and Gabriella. So Sabia and Gabriella followed the doggie past some trees way beyond the sidewalk, where you couldn't really see how much grass there was, where there was some open dirt and a bunch of big rocks. And they saw that their doggie, their white, fluffy doggie, started to dig. And as the doggie was digging, Sabia and Gabriella found some shovels. And the shovels were light-up shovels that flashed different colors, and they started to dig with their white, fluffy doggie. The white fluffy doggie got so dirty from all of the dirt, but soon they had a big hole, and they saw that the hole led underground, and they followed the hole. And Sabia had to turn on his magic flashlight because his shovel turned into a flashlight too. And the way it worked is that instead of digging with the shovel, when you wanted the shovel to be a flashlight, you had to say the same thing that you say when you want to talk to dogs, which is "Who shawasha, who shawasha." And then your shovel would light up, and you could see underground.

So Sabia and Gabriella followed their white fluffy dog into the tunnel under the ground. The white fluffy dog dug so deep that he needed to put his head in. Yes, they dug so deep that they found a secret tunnel under the ground. And not only did they need to put their head in, but their whole bodies fit into the tunnel. It was such a big tunnel. And when they got to the bottom of the tunnel, they saw that there was a city with a lot of doggies in it underground. And it was an underground dog city. And all of the doggies in this town behaved just like people. The doggies wore socks when they walked out in the streets. They had little doggy buses, they had doggy police cars. And the sirens on doggy police cars didn't go woo, woo, woo. Instead, they went woof, woof, woof. And they had doggy fire trucks and the doggy fire trucks. Yeah, that's the sound that the doggy fire trucks made. And the doggies wore special firemen helmets and for and for did they and for doggy buildings did they glue doggy kibbles together. And the doggies had special suit supermarkets. And in the supermarkets, they had a doggy treat section, which was the candy section, and they had kibble sections, and they had lots of different food sections just for doggies. And there was also a zoo in the underground town. The zoo was full of people because in the doggy city underground, they kept people as pets. And the people in this underground city didn't look like regular people because these people had four legs. And the people in this underground city couldn't talk like regular people, but they made a sound that sounded like moo moo. And the people looked a little bit like cows.

And in the underground city, the doggies were so silly because they had doggy playgrounds with merry go rounds, and they also had doggy rides that would go on ponies, but the doggies didn't fit so well on the ponies. And so they had to have a lot of places to hold on. And the doggy city had some other special things, too. For example, there was a big, big water fountain. And the water fountain went into a big lake, and the doggies got to swim in the lake. And one of the things that was in the lake in this doggy city, which was underground, were mermaids. And the mermaids would sometimes jump out of the lake, and these mermaids would love to swim with doggies. So the doggies and the mermaids would swim together in the underground lake right near the fountain in this city. And the other thing is that they had a special sock factory in this city. And in that sock factory, doggies could go inside socks. Usually, the dogs in the city just wore socks on their feet. But there was one sock that was so big that doggies fit in it, and the doggies could go inside the sock. And when they went in, sometimes doggies kind of like the smell of socks. So sometimes it smelled to them like chocolate. And it was a very good smell and sometimes when they went in, it didn't smell so very nice, and it was like rotten eggs.

Well, Sabia was having lots of fun with Gabriella as they looked around the city, but there was some big trouble happening, because on one of the walls of the city, they started to see a leak. And when you're underground in a tunnel in a doggy city where there's a mermaid and you see a leak, the first thing you should always do is tell the mermaid, because mermaids are very good at swimming. So Sabia and Gabriella ran to the mermaid, and they said, "Mermaid, mermaid, there's a leak in the wall of the underground city. Can you help us fix it?" And the mermaid went under the water, and she scooped a bunch of water in her mouth and filled the water between her cheeks. And the mermaid's cheeks got so big, and then she flopped out of the water, and Sabia and Gabriella helped hold her up to the wall where there was a little hole that was leaking. And the mermaid put her cheeks and her lips right on top of that hole, and she blew out all of the water in her mouth, and that made the water go in the other direction, and the leak was stopped. And when the mermaid got and they make sure the leak couldn't go when the mermaid got down, she saw that the leak started again, because when you blow the water in the other direction, it only stops the leak for a little bit. And so Sabia and Gabriella said they had the ultimate solution, and that was their shovel. Sabia took his flashlight shovel and padded it with the mermaid right where the hole was, and the hole stopped leaking because his shovel saved the day.

Well, the white, fluffy doggie told Sabia that it was time for them to go home from the doggy city, but that he shouldn't tell any grownups about the doggy city that's underground, because grownups might not believe him. Sabia and Gabriella agreed to keep it a secret that they went to this underground doggy city, and they left, and they brought the shovel home. And when they got home, Sabia's mama asked him, "What did you do today, Sabia?" And Sabia said he went digging. And his mama said, "Did you find anything, Sabia?" And Sabia said, "I did, Mama, but it's a secret, and I can't tell you." And his mama went into his room and looked at the shovel, and she said, "Sabia, did you find a magic shovel?" And Sabia said that he did. And Sabia's mama said that she was so proud of him. And Sabia and Gabriella and the rest of their family and their white, fluffy doggie lived happily ever after. The end.