Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse's family was going on an adventure. They were in a helicopter, and they had big earmuffs on their heads. The helicopter was so noisy, with the propellers going round and round. Jonah and Jesse saw a flashlight going on and off, on and off from a distant lake in the mountain. The helicopter pilot pointed, and Jesse and Jonah saw that he pointed to a frozen lake. Soon, the helicopter started going lower and lower until it landed on a big field of snow next to the frozen lake.

Jonah was the first to get out of the helicopter. He hopped out and kind of fell into the snow. When he got down, it felt cold against his skin. Jesse went after, but Jesse was more careful. Jonah also helped Jesse by letting Jesse jump into Jonah's arms. Then came Jonah's parents, and Jesse's parents, Steve and Amanda. They were going to this place with the helicopter pilot because they heard that this was where trolls lived. They read a kids' book that said there was a secret part of the mountains. It was covered in snow, and it was next to a frozen lake. In the secret part of the mountains, there was a cave. Whoever went in that cave would become a magician, and anything they wanted to happen would happen.

Jonah led the way. He thought the cave was on top of a big pile of ice because the light was shining on it, and there must have been a hole in the middle. Jesse followed Jonah's footsteps in the snow. Jonah and Jesse led the way until they got very close and climbed up a big, steep hill. When they got close, the piece of ice started to go underground and went lower and lower. The whole mountain that they were on started to get lower and lower, and then everything on it started to turn around like a merry-go-round. Jonah and Jesse felt everything moving in a circle really fast.

The whole mountain started to fall and went under the Earth, all the way out the other side, and into outer space. The mountain floated in outer space, past the Moon and through some planets near Earth, in the direction of Mars. It passed Mars and kept going past other planets. Finally, the big mountain kept spinning towards the North Star, the biggest and brightest star in the night sky. The North Star is part of the Big Dipper, a pattern of stars.

They passed lots of different stars, not just the North Star. They saw other stars with rocks floating around them, which were little planets. The mountain floated until they saw one star in the night sky that wasn't just bright, it was twinkling. It changed colors from red to green to blue. As they got closer, they heard music coming from the star, like a Christmas song.

When they got close to the star in outer space, the mountain stopped spinning, and a rope came out from the bottom of it. The rope shot out all the way back to Earth, and the Earth started pulling it back in. But Jonah and Jesse wanted to see what was going on in that star that was changing colors and had singing. Jesse asked the helicopter captain for binoculars, and the captain gave them to him. Jesse looked through the binoculars at the star.

He saw that the star was made of ice and full of snowmen. There were also lots of Christmas trees growing out of the star, and it looked like there were little elves. Jonah thought it might be a Christmas star, but Jesse wasn't sure. Jonah asked to use the binoculars, but when Jesse passed them, they fell off the mountain into outer space. So Jonah never got a chance to really see the star.

Jonah and Jesse felt the tug of the rope. As they were floating back to Earth, they saw other planets floating around between the stars and galaxies. Some of those planets were made of interesting metals, and some even had molecules. One of them had lots of water molecules and was a big floating piece of ice.

Jonah and Jesse got pulled by the rope all the way back to Earth. When they got back, they were in the regular mountain, back in the helicopter, and on their way home. Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.