Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse's family was going on an adventure. They were in a helicopter, and they had big earmuffs on top of their heads. Because the helicopter was so noisy, the propellers were going round and round. And Jonah and Jesse could see that there was a flashlight going on and off, on and off from a distant lake in the mountain. And the helicopter pilot pointed, and Jesse and Jonah saw that he pointed to a frozen lake. Soon before they knew it, the helicopter started going lower and lower until it landed on a big field of snow next to the frozen lake.

Jonah was the first to get out of the helicopter. He hopped on out and kind of fell into the snow. When he got down, it felt cold against his skin. Jesse went after, but Jesse was more careful. And Jonah also helped Jesse by letting Jesse jump into Jonah's arms. And then came Jonah's parents, and Jesse's parents, Steve and Amanda. They were going to this place with the helicopter pilot because they heard that this was the place where trolls lived. And they read a kids' book somewhere that said that there is a secret part of the mountains. It was covered in snow, and it was next to a lake that was frozen. And in the secret part of the mountains, there was a cave that you could go in, and whoever went in that cave would become a magician, and anything that that person wanted to happen would happen.

And so Jonah was the first to lead the way. He told his family that he thought the cave was on top of a big pile of ice because he could tell that the way the light was shining on the pile of ice, there must have been a hole in it right in the middle. And Jesse started to follow Jonah's footsteps in the snow. And Jonah and Jesse were leading the way until they got very close and they were climbing up a big, steep hill. When they got so close, the piece of ice started to go underground and it went lower and lower. And then the whole mountain that Jonah and Jesse were on and that their parents were on and the helicopter was on, the whole mountain started to get lower and lower and then everything on it started to turn around just like a merry-go-round. And Jonah and Jesse could feel that everything was moving in a circle really fast.

And the whole mountain started to fall and it went under the Earth all the way out the other side of the Earth, and it went into outer space. The mountain that they were on was floating in outer space. It went past the Moon and it was going through some planets that are near Earth in the direction of Mars. And it passed Mars, and it kept going past some other planets. And finally, the big mountain kept spinning and spinning in the direction of the North Star. And the North Star is usually the biggest and brightest star in the night sky. And if you've ever seen the Big Dipper, which is a pattern of stars, part of the Big Dipper points to the North Star. So the thing is, the North Star, and then that's like the big old star.

Then they passed lots of different stars, not just the North Star, but they saw that there were other stars and some of them had rocks that were floating around them. And those rocks were little planets. And the mountain that they were on started floating until it saw that there was one star in the night sky that wasn't just bright, it was kind of twinkling. It was going on and off. And the colors that the star was twinkling were different colors. First, the star was red and then green and then blue. And as they got closer and closer to the star, they could hear that there was music that was coming from the star. And the music sounded kind of like a Christmas song. And they got closer and closer.

But soon, when they got so close to that star in outer space, the mountain that they were on stopped spinning and a rope came out from the bottom of it and the rope shot out all the way back to Earth. And the Earth started pulling it back in using the rope. But Jonah and Jesse weren't ready to go back to Earth because they wanted to see what was going on in that star that was changing colors from red to green to blue, where there was singing. And Jesse asked the helicopter captain if he could use some binoculars so that maybe he could see the star a little bit closer and it would be bigger. And the helicopter captain gave Jesse his binoculars and Jesse picked them up and he looked through them.

And when he looked at this star that was changing colors from red to green to blue and where there was some little music coming from it, he saw that the star was made of ice and it was full of snowmen. And there were also lots of Christmas trees that were growing out of the star. And it looked like there were little elves and stuff like that. And Jonah told Jesse that maybe he was looking at, like, a Christmas star. And Jesse said he wasn't sure. Jonah asked to use the binoculars, but when Jesse passed them to him, they fell down and it fell off that mountain that they were on into outer space. So Jonah never got a chance to really see the mountain, to really see the star and to see if that star had, like, ice mountains on it or if it was just a regular snowy polar star.

And Jonah and Jesse started to feel the tug of the Rope. There's kind of planets that are actually like Earth, but just with no sun. They're just like a planet alone that looks like stars that have just a bunch of ice that could be Earth if it had a sun. Yeah, that's right. And as Jonah and Jesse were floating back to Earth, as the Rope was pulling them, they saw that there were some other planets that were just floating around between the stars and between the galaxies. And some of those planets were made of interesting metals. And some of them even had molecules. And one of them that they saw had lots of water molecules, and it was just a big floating piece of ice.

And Jonah and Jesse got tugged by the Rope all the way back to Earth. And when they got back to Earth, they were in the regular mountain and they were back in the helicopter and they were already back on their way home. And Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.