Yiddi. Diana. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Vader. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends my news, and I live in Sacramento, California, and I'm gonna turn for in October 24, and I want a story about a person who was stuck in the swamp and the dragon saved it by its tail. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Enzo who lives in Sacramento, California, and who turned four years old last week on October 24. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Enzo. And Enzo asked for us to make up a story that includes a person who is stuck in a swampy swamp and a dragon who saves the person by its tail. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a boy whose name was Enzo. Enzo and his family used to love to have cereal in the morning, but they didn't get to have it every morning because it isn't always the healthiest breakfast. But one morning, Enzo was going to have lucky charms. Lucky charms are a really yummy kind of kid cereal that have little rainbow marshmallows in them. And when it was time for Enzo to have lucky charms, his mom got a bowl out, and she poured the lucky charms out of the lucky charms box into the bowl. But Enzo's mom accidentally spilled all of the lucky charms all over the table and the chairs and the floor in Enzo's house. Enzo's mom said, oops. But Enzo said look, mom. Look at what just happened. And Enzo pointed to the floor, where Enzo's mom saw that the little lucky charms were kind of growing little legs, and the marshmallow lucky charms were kind of rolling. And all of the lucky charms that fell on the floor were starting to walk. The lucky charms were walking to the front door of Enzo's house, and then they started to climb on top of each other until they made a big line all the way up to the doorknob. When the lucky charms got to the doorknob, they turned the doorknob, and then they opened the door. All of the lucky charms started to go outside. It was like all of the lucky charms were marching in single file, and they were all going in the same direction. The leader of the lucky charms was a little green leprechaun the little green leprechaun who led the lucky charms on their march outside of Enzo's house to the sidewalk where Enzo lived. While that leprechaun was a sneaky leprechaun that was hiding in the lucky charms box, and Enzo asked his parents if they could hold his hand as he followed the lucky charms on their march through the sidewalks of Sacramento. Enzo's parents said that would be a really good idea. So Enzo held his parents hands, and they followed the line of lucky charms, which was led by this green leprechaun. And the green leprechaun was holding up a traffic light that had red, yellow, and green. And then the green leprechaun said, red light. And he made his traffic light show red, and all of the lucky charms stopped. And then he made his traffic light show green. And then they all started marching again through the grass to a trail that was in the forest. Well, suddenly, Enzo saw that the leprechaun who was leading the lucky charms made a purple light go on his traffic light. And Enzo never heard of a purple light going on. But when the leprechaun did it, all of the lucky charms knew it was dance time because green means go, red means stop, yellow means slow, and purple means dance. So suddenly the lucky charms all started to dance, and they went in circles, and they had a huge dance party. And all of the birds who lived around there wanted to join the dance party. So they were trying to tweet, tweet, tweet. But the birds weren't really as good at making kind of musical sounds as some of the crickets because the crickets that were playing along and that were joining the dance party with all of the lucky charms and also the leprechaun, well, those crickets were good at playing drums. They would kind of pick up two, like, little sticks and then they would bang them on rocks and it would make a nice drum sound. So Enzo was having a really fun time at the dance party with all of the lucky charms and with the leprechaun. Suddenly, the leprechaun saw that one of the trees was secretly a dragon in disguise. You could tell this because if you looked closely at the tree, it didn't have bark on it. It had kind of scales like a lizard has. So if you looked really closely at the tree, then you could see that it really wasn't a tree. It was the tail of a dragon. And all the lucky charms started to dance around the tree. And some of them even started to climb up the tree during the dance party. And the dragon woke up and pulled his tail out of the ground. And you could see that the dragon some of the branches of the tree were turning into a dragon head. And the dragon looked at the sun, and he breathed in a big breath. And as the dragon breathed in while looking at the sun, some of the sun's fire went into the dragon's mouth, down through his throat and into the dragon's tummy, and the dragon got firepower. Enzo was so amazed. He had no idea that when his mom poured some lucky charms this morning, this would happen. So Enzo told his mom that they should see what the dragon would do. And his mom looked as the dragon flapped its wings and started to fly above the forest, enzo pointed because he saw that the dragon was flying on top of the trees and near some of the nice birds who were tweeting for the dance party. The dragon looked kind of scary at first because you could tell it could breathe such hot fire. But the dragon was actually a nice dragon. Next to the tree that used to be the dragon, there was a stuffy, and the dragon liked to play, so Enzo decided he would play with the lucky charms until the dragon got back. While Enzo was playing with the lucky charms, he saw that some of the dirt was kind of turning into sand, and some of the sand was turning into a quicksand, and it was really swampy. Quicksand is a kind of sand that people could get stuck in, and once you're stuck, if you move, you get even more stuck, and so your foot could go into quicksand or 2ft or even your whole legs. And that's exactly what was starting to happen. All of the lucky charms started to climb up the trees as Enzo and his parents held hands, and the ground that they were standing on turned into a little bit of quicksand, and it was kind of swampy. Enzo said, help. Help. And Enzo's dad put Enzo on his shoulders. And then Enzo said, what about mom? And so Enzo climbed off of his dad's shoulders, and he went on his mom's shoulders, and then Enzo's mom climbed on his dad's shoulders, so it was a shoulder pile. Well, just as Enzo was starting to worry about the quicksand, the dragon returned, and the dragon still had some of the lucky charms that were holding onto it. When the friendly dragon saw that Enzo and his family were stuck in the quicksand, the dragon quickly flew down back through the trees in the forest, and the dragon put out its great big tail right where Enzo and his family were standing. And Enzo's dad held onto the tail first, and then Enzo jumped off of his mom onto the dragon's tail. And then they all held on to the dragon's tail, and the dragon lifted up its tail and carried them out of the quicksand, while the lucky charms that were on the dragon also they decided to go on the ground. And once those lucky charms went on the ground, then it stopped being quicksand. It turned into a regular kind of ground again with dirt and rocks and that kind of stuff. And the dance party was starting again. Enzo was so happy to have met this friendly dragon. And Enzo and his family enjoyed the dance party, and they lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Go to Makeup stories.com if you want to be on podcast, tell your friends.