Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl whose name was Reza. Reza and her family lived in the back of a store. The store was a pizza store. And people who used to come into Reza and her family's pizza shop didn't even know that there was a secret place behind the pizza shop because to get into the secret place behind the pizza shop, you had to go behind the pizza oven and find the secret door. 

Well, Reza and her family used to at night when they closed the pizza shop and when the last customer left. And after they cleaned up all of the pizza, they would go to the back of the pizza store, open up the secret door, and go through the tunnel to the magical world on the other side behind the pizza store. The tunnel was a secret portal, and whoever went in it got transferred all the way to a world that was made of castles. The castles in this world used to have legs, and they wore shoes on the bottom of their feet. And the castles were able to walk around. And the kings and queens that lived in the castles had steering wheels on top of the castles, and they could turn the castle whichever way they wanted it to go. And the castle would walk using its big castle shoes and its big castle legs through the streets of this world. And then the kings and queens would decide where to park the castles.

Reza and her family loved this world because first of all, not everybody knew how to get there. Most people didn't. And second, once you got in the world with the castles that stood on legs and that walked around, you also could see that there were lots of special things. The grass in this world was not green. The grass was kind of made out of caterpillars that grew out of the ground. And when the grass got big and when the caterpillars got bigger, then they turned into flowers. And after the caterpillars turned into flowers, then they can fly off of the bottom of the flower and you can see the tops of flowers floating through the air.

The world was also special because there were lots of ninjas. The ninjas in this world could change how big or small they were. And so ninjas could be kind of like really little, like the size of a bee. And the ninjas could fly around and the ninjas, if they wanted, could also get really big like the size of an elephant. And when the ninjas got really big, they had kind of invisibility cloaks. It was a blanket that if you put it on top of the big ninja, then even if it was as big as an elephant, you still couldn't see the ninja.

Well, it was a really special kind of world. Not only because of the ninjas that could change size and not only because of the grass that turned into flowers, which then could fly. And not only because of the castles that could walk around the street, but because every day, right when it was lunchtime, there was a big siren. And the siren sounded a little bit like a police siren. But instead of meaning that it was an emergency, when the siren made its sound right before lunchtime, it meant that the sky was going to open up. And from the top of the sky, there was going to be a big slide that came down. And down the slide came whatever you wished for.

And so Raza decided that day that she would want a special pet. And she wanted the pet to be a tiger that had wings on it. And then all the other kids that lived in the special world also imagined the kinds of toys that they wanted. And then the sky opened up right in the middle and top of the clouds. The clouds went to the side and the big hole in the sky had a slide come down. And then the first thing that came down that day was the thing that Raza wished for. It was a tiger that had wings on it. The tiger looked like a really special tiger because it was kind of shiny and reflective. And if you looked into the tiger's eyes, then you can see little bolts of lightning. And the tiger also had like a teeny tiny horn right in front of its forehead. And you could tell it used to be a unicorn. It was a really nice tiger.

It came down the slide from the sky and went all the way on the ground right next to a playground in Reza's world. And when they got down there to the playground, Reza told her mom to steer the special castle that they were in. And Reza's mom got to the top of the castle and she turned the big steering wheel and Reyes's dad pulled the rope that made the feet go. And the castle started walking over to the tiger. But before it could get all the way to the tiger, the tiger kind of smelled that Reza was in this castle. The tiger knew that it was going to be Reza's tiger. Because it was a magical tiger that came out of the sky.

So the tiger went climbing up the castle all the way up to Reza's room. And when it got right through Reza's window, it turned into a stuffy. Reza thought that was the funnest trick. So she started petting the stuffy and it turned back into a regular tiger again. The tiger told Reza that it wanted to take her on a ride. So Reza climbed on top of the tiger, and the tiger had its wings come out. And the wings on this tiger didn't come out of the place where regular wings come out like its back. But the wings on this tiger went all over its legs. It had like a hundred different butterfly wings on each of its legs. And each one of the wings wasn't so strong. But altogether, they were able to help the tiger fly as it flapped the little wings all over its four legs. And on top of the tiger, there was one big extra wing that helped keep it steady and also helped Reza turn the tiger as she was flying.

Well, Reza started to fly all around the magical world with the tiger that had all of the special wings. And as they were flying around looking at the flowers that used to be caterpillars that were growing out of the ground and as she was looking around all of the castles she finally touched an invisibility cloak. It got stuck on one of the tiger's little wings. And when the invisibility cloak came off of the special ninja she could see that it really wasn't an elephant. Ninjas were really kids' parents dressed up as ninjas. And the only way that Raza figured that out was because the invisibility cloak came off of the ninja. So she could see it was really just a grown-up in a costume.

And she told her tiger to fly right up to the grown-up. And she asked the grownup, why were you pretending to be a ninja and it's just a costume? And the grown-up told Reza that he really wanted to always be a ninja and that the only way he could act like a real ninja was in a ninja costume with an invisibility cloak. And Reza told the ninja that to become a real ninja it just had to close its eyes and concentrate at lunchtime when the siren came on. And then it should ask for a ninja to come from the sky. And that ninja would go down the slide from the sky and it would give the grown-up lessons on how to really become a ninja.

The grownup said, thank you so much. And Reza said, you're welcome. And then Reza and her tiger flew back to her castle. And Reza and her tiger told her mom that they should write a story about their special adventure. And Reza and her parents lived happily ever after. The end.