Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Kiara. Kiara was very lucky because her family lived in a zoo. Whenever she wanted, she could ride the merry-go-round in the zoo and go up and down on the pretend horses. Since Kiara lived in a zoo, she spent a lot of time with all the animals there. There was a zebra that looked like a horse but had black and white stripes. There were also some giraffes that were really silly because they only liked to eat candy. Kiara would sometimes help the zookeepers put special candies on top of the trees for the giraffes.

The zoo that Kiara lived in was really special because one of the merry-go-rounds didn't have regular horses. Instead, it was called the Unicorn Cat Merry-Go-Round, and kids could get tickets to ride it. When the music started to play and a kid got on a unicorn cat, it would go around and around. But the special thing about the Unicorn Cat Merry-Go-Round was that if you went on the right unicorn, it could fly wherever you wanted it to go.

Kiara tried many times to find the right unicorn cat, but each time, it was just a regular ride. One day, she even tried riding a zebra, thinking it might be a unicorn hiding its horn, but the zebras stayed regular. Then, Kiara had an idea. She found a regular kitty cat and brought it to the Merry-Go-Round. She held the kitty cat and gave it some treats while riding the unicorn cat. That was when it worked!

The music in the Merry-Go-Round started to play a Frozen-like song, and the unicorn began to fly off with Kiara. An automatic seatbelt attached to her, and she told the unicorn she wanted to go to the North Pole. At first, the unicorn wasn't sure because Kiara was just a kid. But when she told her parents, including her dad Jonathan, they decided to go with her on the unicorn ride all the way to the North Pole.

Off to adventure they went! Kiara and her parents rode the big unicorn cat, which was even bigger than a lion but very nice. The unicorn cat had a big horn that looked like whiskers and could turn into a magic wand. If the unicorn cat got hungry, Kiara could use the magic wand horn to create kitty treats for it to eat.

While flying through the air, Kiara used the unicorn's magic wand horn to create a rainbow in the sky. They followed the rainbow all the way to the North Pole, where they found a lake made of melted gold and an upside-down ice castle in the sky. It smelled like snow and ice cream, and Kiara could see a pile of toys and reindeer in the distance.

At the North Pole, Kiara realized she was cold, so she used the unicorn cat's magic horn to make a jacket, gloves, and special snow boots that could float on top of the snow. She also invented a special snowmobile-sled for kids that had legs attached, making it fun to ride uphill or downhill.

While riding with her parents on the sled, they bumped into Olaf from Frozen. Olaf broke apart, but Kiara used the unicorn cat's magic horn to fix him. Olaf was so happy that he told Kiara jokes and they had a somersault contest in the snow. Olaf then asked if Kiara wanted to meet Princess Elsa and Anna from Frozen, and she said yes.

Olaf told Kiara that the princesses lived in the upside-down sky castle and needed her help to make it right side up and on the ground. So, Kiara and her parents flew the unicorn cat up to the castle, where they found Princess Elsa and Anna stuck upside down. Kiara used the unicorn cat's magic horn to turn the castle right side up and bring it down to the North Pole.

Princess Elsa and Anna were so happy that Kiara saved the day, and they asked if she wanted to play magic with them. Kiara said yes, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.