Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Kiara. Kiara was very lucky, because her family grew up in a zoo. And whenever Kiara wanted, she was able to use the merry-go-round in the zoo and to go up and down on the pretend horses. Well, because Kiara lived in a zoo, she got to spend a lot of time with all of the animals in the zoo. And there was a zebra that lived in the zoo. The zebra looked like a horse, but it had black and white stripes. And there were some giraffes that lived in the zoo. And the giraffes were really silly, because the giraffes, when they ate, they didn't like regular giraffes like to eat things that were high up. These giraffes were a special kind of giraffe that only liked to eat candy. And so Kiara, since she worked at the zoo, would sometimes have to help the zookeepers put special candies on the top of the tree for the giraffes that lived in the zoo. But the zoo that Kiara lived in was a really special zoo, because one of the merry-go-rounds in the zoo didn't have regular horses that went up and down. Instead, it was called the unicorn cat merry-go-round, and kids could get tickets to go in the unicorn cat merry-go-round. And when the music would start to play and the kid would get on the unicorn cat, it would go around and around. So far, that seemed like a regular merry-go-round. But the thing that was special about the unicorn cat merry-go-round is that if you went on the right unicorn, then the unicorn could go off of the merry-go-round, and the unicorn could fly all the way wherever you wanted it to fly. So Kiara tried so many different times to try different unicorn cats at the merry-go-round, and each time she went on one, it was just regular. One day, Kiara even decided to try to go on a zebra ride, because maybe the zebra was tricking, and really it was a unicorn, and it was hiding its horn somewhere. But that didn't work, because the zebras just stayed regular. One day, Kiara had an idea. She decided that she would find a regular kitty cat and she would bring the kitty cat to the Merry-go-round. And Kiara held the kitty cat and gave the kitty cat some treats as she was riding the unicorn cat. And that was the time when it worked. The music in the Merry-go-round started to play some frozen music, and it sounded like a song from something that, like, Queen Elsa, Princess Elsa, or Anna might be in, and like a frozen kind of song. And so that's when it all started. The unicorn started to fly off of the Merry-go-round with Kiara in it. And Kiara saw that there was an automatic seatbelt that got attached to her. Kiara told the unicorn that she had never been to the North Pole and that she wanted to go to the North Pole on adventure. At first, the unicorn wasn't sure, because the unicorn said, you're just a kid. I don't know if you could go all the way to the North Pole by yourself. But when Kiara told her parents, including her dad Jonathan, they decided that they would go with Kiara on the unicorn ride all the way to the North Pole. So off to adventure they were. And Kiara and her dad and mom all got on the big unicorn cat, which was so big, it was even bigger than a lion. But the unicorn cat was really nice. The unicorn cat had a big horn that was in front. But the thing that was silly about the unicorn cat's horn is that the unicorn cat's horn was kind of it looked like whiskers. And it also could turn into a magic wand. So if, while Kiara was flying the unicorn cat and she wanted, like, the unicorn cat got hungry, then she could just use the magic wand horn to create some kitty treats, and then the unicorn cat could eat some kitty treats and keep going. Well, Kiara and her parents were flying through the air, and Kiara used the unicorn's magic wand horn to turn a rainbow in the sky. And when she made the rainbow, the unicorn started following the rainbow to the very end in the North Pole. Once they got to the North Pole, they saw that there was a lake that was made of melted gold, and the lake had little waves that were shimmering about, and it was kind of shiny, and you can see the reflection of a castle in the sky. And the castle in the sky was upside down, and it was made of ice. It kind of almost looks like a cloud castle, but it was pointy, and clouds aren't pointy, so Kiara knew that for sure. She was really in the North Pole, and it even smelled like the North Pole because you could smell so much like snow and ice cream. And Kiara could even see from the corner of her eye far away if she put her hands in circles in front of her eyes to make them like binoculars. And Kiara looked very closely using kid binoculars. Do you know what she could see? Kiara was able to see a pile of toys and some reindeer next to the toys. And she didn't know what that was from, but she had some guesses. Santa. It could have been Bud, but we don't know. And Kiara was going around the North Pole when she realized she was kind of cold, because in the North Pole, it's so cold. So Kiara used the unicorn cat's magic horn in order to make a jacket and some gloves to appear. And Kiara put on the jacket, and she put on the gloves. And she also decided to invent some kind of snow boots that could also float on top of the snow. And Kiara invented those snow boots and put them on. And then Kiara decided to invent a shovel. And she even invented a special kind of snowmobile that kids could go on. And it looked like a sled, but it had a little motor in the back, and the motor had moved little legs, and so it was like a sled with legs attached that kids could go on, and the legs would just turn really fast. And so it was like a sled that could go uphill or downhill, and it was a lot of fun to ride. While Kiara was riding with her parents in the sled that they invented using the unicorn cat's magic wand horn. And she was sliding down a hill, and the legs of the sled were turning round and round, and it was going so fast when suddenly they bumped into Olaf from Frozen. And when they bumped into Olaf from Frozen, Olaf crashed and he broke apart. And Olaf was like, oh, no. My eyes fell out, and my carrot nose fell off. How am I going to get fixed up? But Kiara said, don't worry, Olaf. And all she did was she touched the unicorn cat's magic horn, and it turned back into a regular Olaf. Olaf said, how did you do that? That was so cool. And Kiara showed Olaf that she knew so much about unicorn cats and their horns and the special things that she could do from even when she lived in the zoo in New Jersey. And Olaf was so happy. So Olaf told Kiara that he could tell her so many jokes. And Kiara said okay. And then Olaf told Kiara some funny, funny jokes, and Kiara started laughing. And then they decided to be silly. And Olaf and Kiara had some somersault contests where they would tumble and roll over and over in the snow. Soon, Olaf asked Kiara if she wanted to go to meet Princess Elsa and Anna from Frozen. And Kiara said okay. And then Olaf looked up at the sky, and she said, Well, Princesses Elsa and Anna, now they live in the sky castle, and the castle is upside down, and Princess Elsa and Anna need your help because they want to make the castle right side up, and it's not supposed to be in the sky. Princess Elsa and Anna want their frozen ice castle to be on the land in the North Pole, next to the toy factories, where the piles of ice cream are and where there are great adventures and nice polar bears that could turn into teddy bears. And Olaf told Kiara that the only way they could get up there was by flying the unicorn cats. So Kiara went on the unicorn cats with her parents, and when they got up to see Princess Elsa and Anna, they saw that Princess Elsa and Anna were also stuck upside down. So Kiara touched the unicorn cat's horn, and she said, Magic. Magic. Right side up, not upside down. Castle on the North Pole. Snow and just as she said that, the castle started to slowly turn around, and then it was upwards in the sky. And Princess Elsin, Anna's hair was regular again, and the special ice castle came slowly down to the North Pole. And Princess Elsa and Anna were so happy that Kiara saved the day, and they asked if Kiara wanted to play some magic with them, and she said yes. So Kiara and Princess Elsa and Anna and the unicorn cat and Kiara's parents lived happily ever after. The end.