Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Milo. Milo was playing outside in his backyard, jumping up and down on his new trampoline. He was so good at jumping, and sometimes as he jumped, he would fall down on his tummy and bounce all the way back up, and it looked like he was flying.

One day, as Milo was bouncing on the trampoline, a birdie came by carrying a treasure map. The bird dropped the treasure map right on top of the trampoline, and Milo jumped up, catching the treasure map as it fell from the birdie's claws. Milo caught the treasure map, and as he got it, he sat down on the trampoline and saw that the treasure map had a picture of his house, with arrows pointing upstairs. The arrows also showed a secret hole in one of Milo's ceilings, leading to a secret part of his house called the attic.

Milo decided to go there with his dad, Chris. They found the secret hole in the ceiling and climbed up a ladder to get to the attic. That's where the treasure map led. Once they got into the attic, Milo spotted a crown that looked like the kind a queen might wear. Milo brought it downstairs to his mom, Sarah, and asked, "Mummy, do you know about this crown?" 

Milo's mummy said, "I was trying to keep this a secret from you, Milo, but really, I am the queen of England, and I am in charge of the whole country. I have to keep it secret because I didn't want anyone to know. I wanted everyone to treat us regularly so I could see who's nice and who is not nice."

Milo asked, "Do you ever wear the crown sometimes?" Milo's mummy, Sarah, said, "Sometimes when regular people aren't looking, I'll put on the crown and go in the secret entrance to Buckingham Palace. They'll let me in, and there they know that I'm really the queen. There's an old queen who's there also, but she's too old to be the real queen. So really, it's me, Sarah, who is the queen. I kept it secret so that I could see if people were nice to me, even if they didn't know that I was really the queen."

Milo's mummy, Sarah, asked, "Milo, can you keep this a secret?" Milo promised, "I won't tell." The next day, Milo went outside with his mum and dad to watch a football game. The game was played by seven-year-olds, and they kicked a soccer ball around, trying to get it into goals. It was a lot of fun to watch.

As they were watching the game, little rabbit holes appeared on the soccer field, and rabbits started hopping around as Milo and his friends played football. Every time a kid tried to kick the ball to a different kid, a rabbit would intercept it. The rabbits kept bouncing the balls all over, making it hard for the kids to play football because they could never score a goal. If a kid tried to score, several rabbits would jump up and block the ball.

Finally, Milo had an idea. He told all of his friends that they should team up and be on one football team, with the rabbits on a different team. This way, it wasn't some people against others. All of the people were teaming up. Rabbits could be bouncier than people, but people could be smarter and trickier than rabbits. Milo and his friends thought this was a good idea. They started with the ball and tried to kick it to the rabbit side of the football field. The rabbits were tricky, going underground in holes and coming up in different places to stop the ball.

It was hard for the kids to win when Milo suddenly remembered that his mom was secretly the Queen of England. Milo said, "How about we have the best football players in the whole country on the people's team? Then the rabbits won't be able to win for sure. They'll have to listen to you, Mum, because you're the queen." So Milo's mummy, Sarah, thought that was a good idea. She called Buckingham Palace and asked for the best football players in the country to come. Soon enough, five buses arrived, filled with athletes.

Because Milo's mom arranged for all those professional football players to come, it was a contest of all the kids in England and the best athletes against all the bunnies. Milo said, "Mummy, since you're really the queen, why don't you say start to the game?" Milo's mummy said, "No, remember, it's supposed to be a secret." So then Milo asked his dad, "Dad, can you say start to the game?" Milo's dad agreed, and he threw the ball up in the middle.

At first, a bunny rabbit got the ball and kicked it away from the kids and the people. But suddenly, a football player named David Beckham kicked it while it was in the air, upside down. It went past four different rabbits until a faraway rabbit tried to block the ball. As it tried to block it, there were three different people, athletes with seven kids behind them backing them up. The rabbit didn't know what to do because it couldn't get it past that many people.

All of the people worked together, kicking it from person to person, athlete to kid to athlete, until they finally scored a goal against the bunny rabbits. Then they went back to their side. But it was a close contest because then 17 different bunny rabbits appeared. They all tried to jump on top of each other to bound super high and scored a goal against the people. But then Milo told his teammates to kick the ball so high that a rabbit couldn't even jump that high. Then it would land on the other side of the field, and a lot of people would be waiting there. So people started using that tricky strategy, and they won the whole football game. Everyone was so happy, and a lot of nice horses came to celebrate. Milo and his family lived happily ever after. The end.