Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Milo. Milo was playing outside in his backyard, jumping up and down on his new trampoline. He was so good at jumping, and sometimes as he jumped, he would fall down on his tummy and bounce all the way back up, and it looked like he was flying. 

Well, one day, as Milo was bouncing on the trampoline behind his house, there was a birdie that came by, and the birdie was carrying a treasure map. The bird dropped the treasure map right on top of the trampoline, and Milo jumped up, and he caught the treasure map as it was falling down from the birdie's claws. Milo caught the treasure map, and as he got it, he went back down on the trampoline, and he sat down, and he saw that the treasure map had a picture of his house, and inside it had arrows that said, go upstairs. The arrows pointed to the top of the stairs. The arrows also showed that there was a secret hole in one of Milo's ceilings. In the hole, if you went in it, you could go to a secret part of his house called the attic. 

So Milo decided to go there with his dad. Milo and Chris found the secret hole in the ceiling, and they climbed up a ladder to get to the attic. That is where the treasure map led. Once they got into the attic, Milo spotted a crown. The crown looked like the kind of crown that a queen might wear. Milo brought it downstairs to his mom and said, "Mummy, do you know about this crown?" Milo's mummy said, "I was trying to keep this a secret from you, Milo, but really, I am the queen of England, and I am in charge of the whole country, but I have to keep it secret because I didn't want anyone to know. I wanted everyone to treat us regularly so I could see who's nice and who is not nice."

Milo said, "Do you ever wear the crown sometimes?" Milo's mummy, whose name was Sarah, said, "Sometimes when regular people aren't looking, I'll put on the crown and I'll go in the secret entrance to Buckingham Palace and they'll let me in, and there they know that I'm really the queen. There's an old queen who's there also, but she's too old to be the real queen. So really, it was Milo's mummy, Sarah, who is the queen. She kept it secret so that she could see if people were nice to her, even if they didn't know that she was really the queen."

Milo's mummy, Sarah, said, "Milo, are you sure you could keep this a secret?" Milo said, "I promise I won't tell." The next day, Milo went outside with his mum and his dad to go to see a football game. The football game was played by a lot of seven-year-olds, and they kicked a soccer ball around and tried to get it into goals, and it was a lot of fun to play. 

Well, as they were playing the game, there were little rabbit holes on the soccer field, and rabbits started jumping around as Milo and his friends were playing football. Every time a kid tried to kick the ball to a different kid, a rabbit would intercept it. A rabbit would get the ball and bounce it in a different direction. The rabbits kept bouncing the balls all over, and it was so hard for all of the kids to just play football because they could never get a goal. If a kid tried to get a goal, there would be like seven different rabbits that would jump up and try to make sure that the kid didn't get it in. 

Finally, Milo had an idea. Milo told all of his friends that all of the people should team up and be on one football team, and then the rabbits could be on a different football team, because this way it wasn't some people against some people. All of the people were teaming up. Rabbits could be bouncier than people, but people could be smarter and trickier than rabbits. Milo and his friends decided that was a good idea. So they started with the ball, and they started trying to kick it to the rabbit side of the football field. As they were kicking it, some rabbits were being so tricky because they would go underground in holes and come up in different places. If you kicked the ball there, they would go under the ground and stop it from a place you couldn't even see them hiding. It was so hard for all of them to win when suddenly Milo had an idea. 

Milo remembered that his mom was secretly the Queen of England. Milo said, "How about we have a lot of football stars, like the best football players in the whole country, and we have them be on the people's team. Then the rabbits won't be able to win for sure. They'll have to listen to you, Mum, because you're the queen." So Milo's mummy, Sarah, decided that was a good idea. She picked up her cell phone and made a call to Buckingham Palace and said, "Bring all of the best football players in the country." Soon enough, five different buses arrived, and all of them looked like school buses. But instead of having kids inside, they had athletes. 

Because Milo's mom was able to arrange for all of those professional football players to come, it was a contest of all of the kids in England and all of the best athletes in England against all of the bunnies in England. Milo said, "Mummy, because you're really the queen, why don't you say start to the game?" Milo's mummy said, "No, remember, it's supposed to be a secret." So then Milo asked his dad, "Dad, can you say start to the game?" Milo's dad said okay, and he threw the ball up in the middle. At first, a bunny rabbit got the ball and kicked it away from the kids and the people. But suddenly there was an athlete named David Beckham, and he was a really good football player. He kicked it while it was in the middle of the air, upside down. It went past four different rabbits until a rabbit that was far away tried to block the soccer ball, the football. As he tried to block it, there were three different people, athletes with seven kids behind them backing them up. The rabbit didn't know what to do because it couldn't get it past that many people. 

All of the people worked together, kicking it from person to person, athlete to kid to athlete, until they finally got a goal against the bunny rabbits. Then they went back to their side. But it was a close contest because then there were 17 different bunny rabbits that appeared. They all tried to go on top of each other to bound super high, and they got a goal against the people. But then Milo told them that they had a really good idea. Milo told all of his teammates that what they should do is when they kick the ball, they should kick the ball so high that a rabbit can't even jump that high. Then it'll land on the other side of the field and a lot of people will be waiting there. So people started using that tricky strategy, and they won the whole football game. Everyone was so happy, and a lot of nice horses came to celebrate. Milo and his family lived happily ever after. The end.