Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Milo. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Milo. I'm six years old, and I live in Southampton, England. I would like a story about bunnies, football, and my mummy. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Milo, who lives in Southampton, England, and who turned seven years sold yesterday on April 1. And so we want to say happy birthday, Milo. Happy birthday, Milo. And April 1 is also a fun day to be born, because some people say that you could do fun tricks on April 1, and they call that April fools, and it's very silly. Milo asked for us to make up a story that includes bunny rabbits, football, which is like soccer, and his mummy, whose name is Sarah. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Milo. Milo was playing outside in his backyard, jumping up and down on his new trampoline. He was so good at jumping, and sometimes as he jumped, he would fall down on his tummy and bounce all the way back up, and it looked like he was flying. Well, one day, as Milo is bouncing on the trampoline behind his house, there was a birdie that came by, and the birdie was carrying a treasure map. The bird dropped the treasure map right on top of the trampoline, and Milo jumped up, and he caught the treasure map as it was falling down from the birdie's claws. And Milo caught the treasure map, and as he got it, he went back down on the trampoline, and he sat down, and he saw that the treasure map had a picture of his house, and inside it had arrows that said, go upstairs. And the arrows pointed to the top of the stairs. And the arrows also showed that there was a secret hole in one of Milo's ceilings. And in the hole, if you went in it, you could go to a secret part of his house called the attic. So Milo decided to go there with his dad. And Milo and Chris found the secret hole in the ceiling, and they climbed up a ladder to get to the attic. That is where the treasure map led. And once they got into the attic, milo spotted a crown. And the crown looks like the kind of crown that a queen might wear. And Milo brought it downstairs to his mom. And Milo said, mummy, do you know about this crown? And Milo's mummy said, I was trying to keep this a secret from you, Milo, but really, I am the queen of England, and I am in charge of the whole country, but I have to keep it secret because I didn't want anyone to know. And I wanted everyone to treat us regular so I could see who's nice and who is not nice. And Milo said, do you ever wear the crown sometimes. And Milo's mummy, whose name was Sarah, said, sometimes when regular people aren't looking, I'll put on the crown and I'll go in the secret entrance to Buckingham Palace and they'll let me in, and there they know that I'm really the queen. There's an old queen who's there also, but she's too old to be the real queen. And so really, it was Milo's mummy, Sarah, who is the queen. And she kept it secret so that she could see if people were nice to her, even if they didn't know that she was really the queen. And Milo's mummy, Sarah, said, Milo, are you sure you could keep this a secret? And Milo said, I promise I won't tell. The next day, Milo is going outside with his mum and with his dad to go to see a football game. The football game was played by, like, a lot of seven year olds, and they kicked a soccer ball around and they tried to get it into goals, and it was a lot of fun to play. Well, as they were playing the game, there were little rabbit holes that were on the soccer field, on the football field, and rabbits started jumping around as Milo and his friends were playing football. And every time a kid tried to kick the ball to a different kid, do you know what happened? What? A rabbit would intercept it. A rabbit would get the ball and bounce it in a different direction. And the rabbits kept bouncing the balls all over. And it was so hard for all of the kids to just play football because they could never get a goal. If a kid tried to get a goal, there would be like seven different rabbits that would jump up and try to make sure that the kid didn't get it in. Finally, Milo had an idea. Milo told all of his friends that all of the people should team up and be on one football team, and then the rabbits could be on a different football team, because this way it wasn't some people against some people. All of the people are teaming up. And rabbits could be bouncier than people, but people could be smarter and trickier than rabbits. And Milo and his friends decided that was a good idea. So they started with the ball, and they started trying to kick it to the rabbit side of the football field. And as they were kicking it, some rabbits were being so tricky because they would go underground in holes and come up in different places. And if you kick the ball there, they would go under the ground and stop it from a place you couldn't even see them hiding. And it was so hard for all of them to win when suddenly Milo had an idea. Milo remembered that his mom was secretly the Queen of England. And Milo said, how about we have a lot of football stars, like the best football players in the whole country, and we have them beyond the people team. And then the rabbits won't be able to win for sure. And they'll have to listen to you, mum, milo said, because you're the queen. So Milo's mummy, Sarah decided that was a good idea. So she picked up her cell phone and she made a call to Buckingham Palace and she said, bring all of the best football players in the country. And soon enough, five different buses arrived, and all of them looked like school buses. But instead of having kids inside, they had athletes. And then because Milo's mom was able to arrange for all of those professional football players to come, it was a contest of all of the kids in England and all of the best athletes in England against all of the bunnies in England. And Milo said, Mummy, because you're really the queen, why don't you say start to the game? And Milo's mummy said, no, remember, it's supposed to be a secret. So then Milo asked his dad, dad, can you say start to the game? And Milo's dad said okay. And he threw the ball up in the middle. And at first a bunny rabbit got the ball and kicked it away from the kids and the people. But suddenly there was an athlete named David Beckham, and he was a really good football player. And he kicked it while it was in the middle of the air, upside down. And it went past four different rabbits until a rabbit that was far away tried to block the soccer ball, the football. And as he tried to block it, there were three different people, athletes with seven kids behind them backing them up. And the rabbit didn't know what to do because it couldn't get it past that many people. And all of the people worked together, kicking it from person to person, athlete to kid to athlete, until they finally got a goal against the bunny rabbits. Then they went back to their side. But it was a closed contest because then there were 17 different bunny rabbits that appeared. And they all tried to go on top of each other to bound super high, and they got a goal against the people. But then Milo told them that they had a really good idea. Milo told all of his teammates that what they should do is when they kick the ball, they should kick the ball so high that a rabbit can't even jump that high. And then it'll land on the other side of the field and a lot of people will be waiting there. So people started using that tricky strategy and they won the whole football game. And everyone was so happy. And a lot of nice horses came to celebrate. And Milo and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. So your friends.