Welcome to makeup story. My name is Kempton. Makeup is the best podcast ever. Make sure to tell your friends, hello, my name is Davis. I am turning eight on the 5 June. I live in Hamilton, New Zealand. Could I please have a story about a capitan monkey, gerkins and a car with wings and rocket boosters? Thank you. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a boy named Darvis who lives in Hamilton, New Zealand, and who turned eight years old three days ago on June 5. And so we want to say happy birthday, Darvis. Happy birthday, Darvis. And Darvis asked for us to make up a story that includes a capuchin monkey, which is a kind of monkey that has a white head, a black body, and it likes to stick its tongue out. And Darvis also asked for us to include a gurkin and cars with wings and a rocket booster. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Darvis. Darvis lived in a regular house in Hamilton, New Zealand, and it had a regular door to the house and a regular roof, and all the windows looked like regular windows. And sometimes Darvis's friends would come over to play, and they would find some toys, or they would go in the backyard and they would play catch, or they would run around. And neither Darvis nor any of his friends knew the secret that was under his house. Because a long time before Darvis was born and even before his parents were born, there was a kind of dragon that had eggs and buried its eggs all over Hamilton, New Zealand. Now, over a long period of time, the wind blows soil and dirt on top of other parts of the land. And so, over the years, some dirt went on top of all of the dragon eggs. And later, when people came to New Zealand and they started to build houses, they didn't know that under the houses there were dragon eggs. Well, Darvis and his friends used to play catch and they used to play even climbing on trees and stuff without knowing that under their houses there were dragon eggs. One day, Darvis had a dream. And in his dream, he was walking around and there was a little earthquake. And the earthquake made the earth shake. And all of the dragons hatched from their eggs, and the dragons came out from under the ground. And the dragons were baby dragons. And all of the baby dragons were asking Darvis if Darvis could help them find their mamas. And Darvis, while he was dreaming, told all of the dragons that he didn't know where their moms were, but that he would take them to his house, which was on top of the ground. And the dragons followed Darvis into his house. And Darvis told his mom that all the dragons hatched. And Darvis's mom told Darvis that he was just sleeping and he had a dream. Well, when Darvis got up from his dream the next day, he saw there really was a hole in the ground next to his house. And he ran over to his neighbor's house, and he saw that in their backyard, there really was a hole, too. And all over town, there were different holes in the grounds. And so Darvis told his parents that he thought he wasn't dreaming, that it really did happen while he was sleeping, and that dragons came out of the ground. Darvis's parents said maybe it was just like meteors falling or there were a lot of construction workers that were digging during the night. But Darvis said he didn't think so, because if it were construction workers, there would have been more noise. And if it was like a meteor or something, that also would have made kind of an explosion. But none of that happened, so it must have been the baby dragons. Well, Darvis and his parents started to walk around the town looking for clues about the mystery. And finally, yabud, they might not find a footprint because dragons have wings. Yup. And Darvis and his mom couldn't find any footprints or any kinds of clues like that. But suddenly Darvis looked up and he saw that there was a monkey, and the monkey was on a tree. And there were a lot of monkeys that suddenly were appearing all over the trees, and they were little capuchin monkeys and they were sticking their tongues out. And the monkeys were jumping on the trees and trying to get Darvis and his family's attention. And so Darvis started pointing and said, come here, monkey. Come here, monkey. And he told his dad to quickly run and get some bananas and some grapes and other yummy things for monkeys. So Darvis's dad rushed to the store and got some yummy monkey treats like grapes and bananas. And Darvis and his mom told the monkeys to just wait in the trees until his dad came back. Soon, Darvis's dad returned with all of the special monkey treats, and the monkeys started to jump down the tree, and they started to eat the grapes and the bananas. The monkeys started to talk. They were able to talk English, and they were able to express themselves, but they talked in kind of a silly way. It sounded almost like a robot was talking, even though they were monkeys. And the robot monkeys started to tell Darvis that when they were sleeping during the night, they heard some loud noises and they felt some flapping of wings, and they even saw some eyes in the sky, but they couldn't tell what it was. And Darvis told his parents that that was a clue that there really were dragons. Well, Darvis looked up, and Darvis's parents looked up, and suddenly they saw in the sky that there was a big jeep that was being carried by baby dragons. The dragons were kind of going in the Jeep. And when the dragons were going in the Jeep, the Jeep was growing wings that came out of the dragons. And the dragons were kind of getting attached to the Jeep that was in the sky. And the Jeep didn't need a parachute because the dragon wings were growing out of it. And the Jeep didn't need a regular engine because the dragon fire would help power it from behind. And it was a rocket powered Jeep that was able to fly in the sky with its dragon wings and it was coming down right on top of Hamilton, New Zealand. The Jeep landed on top of a roof right near Darvis's house and it drove off very gently because the dragons were nice dragons and it parked right in front of Darvis's house. One of the baby dragons came out of the Jeep and told Darvis to take a close look at the Jeep. And Darvis saw that it had big knobby tires so that it was grippy and could go off road. Its front headlights were very bright and it can see very far away in the back for rocket boosters. The dragons would breathe out fire and the wings enabled it to go so high and faster than an airplane. In fact, this kind of Jeep was able to fly in the sky faster than a fighter jet. And the dragons came out. Yeah, bud, I bet you not faster than something called light. Well, that's right. The Jeep, which was powered by dragons, couldn't go faster than light because light is the fastest thing. But it was able to go so fast, it could go faster than a waterfall. And so that's pretty fast. Well, anyway, Darvis got to go in a ride in the Jeep that was part dragon and part car. And the Jeep started to fly over New Zealand and Darvis got to got to see all sorts of wonderful things, including kids playing on a seesaw. And Darvis went back home to Hamilton, New Zealand and he landed his Jeep dragon car. And all of the people in New Zealand were so happy that dragons, that friendly baby dragons hatched and that they had a new way to come up with rocket cars by just using the dragon power. And Darvis and his family lived happily ever after. The end.