Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a seven-year-old boy whose name was Max. It was getting late, and Max's mom was putting him to sleep. Max had his pajamas on, and he was laying down in his bed. He was so tired. And Max closed his eyes, and Max's mom left the room. It was time for Max to go to sleep.

Well, after Max's mom left the room, Max saw there were some shadows on his wall, and it looked like shadows that his mom couldn't even see because she wasn't in the room. And the shadows looked kind of like shark shadows, which were and it looks like the sharks were swimming on the wall, and the shark shadows had fins, and you could see the shark teeth on the wall. Scary. And Max at first didn't know if it was going to be scary or not.

And just as he was wondering if these were nice sharks or mean sharks, his room filled up with water, and Max figured out that he was able to breathe underwater. The way that Max could breathe underwater was inside his mouth. He held some air, and he made bubbles in his cheeks. And then whenever he wanted to breathe, he would just use some of the air that he saved up in his cheeks. And this doesn't work in real life, but in Makeup Stories, it's a good way to swim through water.

And the shark was also swimming through the water, and the shark came up to Max and said that he was a nice shark. Max asked the shark why he came into the room and why his room filled up with water. The shark said that his name was Simon and that he came from a different universe where sharks could also fly. And sharks had wings, and they were able to fly, and they could fly with dinosaurs. And the sharks used to also have they were only pterodactyls. Yeah, with pterodactyls.

But sharks in the olden days, before people were alive, sharks used to be used as kind of flying taxis. If, let's say, you're a deer or a different kind of animal, and you need a ride in a taxi to go very far away, but you can't fit on a bird because a bird is too small, then you would used to go on a shark bird, and the sharks were able to fly through the air. And sharks are much bigger than regular birds, so they could fit a condor. Well, condors are really big birds, but they're not as big as sharkbirds. Shark birds were the biggest birds to ever live.

And so, in the days of dinosaurs and sharkbirds, when deer needed to get a ride or if frogs needed to go very far, even lambs, any kind of animal that needed to travel very far, and there were no cars in the olden days. They used to take shark bird rides to get really far. What clamps are smaller, small enough for birds to even take them? Or is it that birds eat? Well, there were some birds that could also be that were also used as taxis in the olden days, but there weren't so many because the birds didn't love to have to give regular rides. But sharks, these sharks were friendly sharks.

So the shark told Max that he swam into his room, and his room filled up with water, because Max's room, while he was falling asleep, went back into the olden days, and Max asked where his parents were and where everyone else was. And the Friendly Shark told Max that they could just swim through the underwater volcano, which made ice cubes come out. But it was a volcano. It was an ice cube volcano. Instead of having hot, hot lava, it was the coldest kind of ice came out of the volcano. The ice was so cold that if you touched it with your finger do you know what? No. You would become a snowman. Anyone who touched this kind of ice lava instantly became a snowman.

Well, so cold that even if you with the hottest thing like titanium, if you dropped it on it, it would not break. The ice volcano was so hot that if you took a piece of the sun, which is so, so hot, and you put it onto the ice volcano, then what would happen is the sun would become orange juice. It would melt that part of the sun. And the reason the sun is kind of yellowish and oranges is because if the sun melts, then some of it turns into orange juice. So that's what would happen.

But luckily enough, as Max was riding the friendly Shark past the ice cube volcano, he saw that his parents were selling some pizzas, because the pizzas that were in this underwater universe that the Friendly Shark took Max to, the people still ate pizza. It was just underwater pizza that didn't get wet. When the pizza, there was like an underwater pizza oven, and that's where they used some hot lava from a regular.

How did the house go back in time? So they liked to cook so many things, and Max loved to eat the pizza, but Max didn't know how. While he was trying to fall asleep, his house went back in time. And so the shark told Max that as he was falling asleep, there was a shadow that went on his wall. And the kind of shadow that went on the wall was a genie shadow. And there was a genie who secretly went into Max's room after his mom left. And the genie whispered something, and Max thought maybe he heard it after his parents left. But the genie whispered something that Max heard only a little bit after his parents left, and that the genie whispered. And Max wasn't sure if he heard the whole thing, but if he heard it correctly, then that sound is what made Max and his room go back to the olden days when there were flying sharks and when there were dinosaurs and when there were underwater volcanoes that were made of ice.

And as Max was going to look for his parents in this different universe, he saw that there was a ChuChu train that went under the water and had pizza ChuChu train wheels. Genies weren't real. You thought what wasn't real? Genie. And I also thought that genies weren't real because usually genies are not real. If you are walking and you find a lantern and you rub on it, then usually genies are not really going to come out, because that's just pretend. But what happened to Max was a little bit different because Max was laying down in his bed when that happened. And he didn't see the genie. He just saw the genie's shadow. And even though you can't see a real genie, you could still see its shadow if it's magical. And that's how Max saw the genie.

And as he was under the ocean, flying on the shark past the ice cube volcano, and he saw the pizza ChuChu train go all the way on the underground underwater ChuChu train tracks, which were made out of lollipop sticks, he found his parents. And his parents were in a big building that was under the ground. And at the very top of the building, there were two swings. And his mom, Max's mom and Max's dad were on the swings on top of the building, which was under the ocean, and they were swinging back and forth under the water. And Max said, mom, since it went back in time, that meant they were kids at that time. Yeah. And Max's parents were kids.

And Max says, Mom, dad, what are you guys doing down here in this universe? And Max's parents told Max, max, really, while you were laying down, you fell asleep and this was all a dream. And then Max opened up his eyes and he woke up and he saw that his parents were right next to him and had a candy. And Max ate the candy and lived happily ever after. The end.