Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Murphy. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tonight's makeup story is another story about King Jonah and King Jonah's Kingdom. In our last story, we learned that there was a white fire hydrant in King Jonah's kingdom, and that when the firemen connected the hose to the fire hydrant, some rainbow came out. And King Jonah was able to use the rainbow that came out of the fire hose to grow beanstalks that grew all the way to the clouds. And also a fire truck turned into a unicorn. And a lot of good things happened. Well, King Jonah was walking around one day and some kids came up to him and they said, king Jonah, King Jonah, we don't have enough space for more houses. What can we do? And king Jonah told them that that was a good question, and he didn't know the answer, so that he would have to go to the forest and go next to the troll bridge and go under the troll bridge and look at the troll whose name was Lamore. And Jonah went with all of the people in his kingdom for a forest walk in their pajamas. It was getting late and it was quiet except for the sound of crickets and some birds singing songs. And King Jonah was wearing his royal cape, and all of his friends in his kingdom walked to the troll bridge. And when they got to the troll bridge, king Jonah asked the friendly troll named Lamore, lamore, is it true that we're running out of space in our kingdom and that new kids don't have space for houses and more playgrounds? And the troll got out from under the bridge, and he went around and he started to walk on top of the bridge, and the troll jumped up to a tree, and he held onto a branch with one hand, and the troll picked a golden leaf out of the tree with his other hand. And then the troll jumped back on the bridge and told King Jonah that the kingdom was getting smaller and that it was a big emergency because soon the kingdom would get smaller and smaller, and then it would only be the size of a pizza and later as small as a grape, and then where would everyone go? King Jonah asked the troll named Lamore if he had any ideas. And the troll named Lamore picked up the golden leaf and he handed it to King Jonah, and he whispered something in king Jonah's ear, and he said, remember what I'm telling you that you're saying. And King Jonah said, I'm not sure I really understood what you said. And the troll named Lamore said, you have the golden leaf, King Jonah. Now you have to use it to make the island stop getting small. And if you mix the golden leaf with the right kind of thing, then you could make the island and your whole kingdom get bigger again. And then the troll went back under the bridge, and he vanished in a cloud of rainbow dust. And king Jonah knew that it was really the rainbow that came out of the white fire hydrant that probably made the troll exist in the first place. And that's why it was a friendly troll. But king Jonah didn't know what to do with the golden leaf and how he might use it to make his kingdom bigger again. All of king Jonah's friends went around him, and they said they wanted a turn to see the golden leaf. But king Jonah said that everyone had to be gentle with it and that he was going to hold it for now and give people turns to look at it later after he figured out how to make his kingdom get bigger again. Well, king Joan and his friends continued their pajama walk outside of the forest. And as they got to the other side of the forest, they saw a farm of unicorns. And the unicorn farm was outside of a cotton candy factory. And all of the unicorns were frolicking about and jumping in big piles of cotton candy. And the unicorns also had so many toys to play with. And king Jonah went up to one of the unicorns, and one of the unicorns said, I know what you're going to say, king Jonah. And king Jonah said, what am I going to say? And the unicorn said to king Jonah, I know the kingdom is getting smaller, and I know that a troll gave you a golden leaf, and I know that you don't know how to use it, so I know you're going to ask me how to use it. And king Jonah said to the unicorn, well, how can I use the golden leaf? And the unicorn bent down on both of his unicorn front legs, and he bowed down on the ground to king Jonah, and he opened his mouth, and the unicorn said that king Jonah needed to ride the unicorn. And the unicorn would flap its wings, and king Jonah would ride the unicorn to the edge of the kingdom. And at the edge of the kingdom, king Jonah needed to throw the golden leaf in the wind. And then the bubble that was making the kingdom smaller would pop, and the kingdom would get bigger again. And king Jonah said, well, is it going to be safe? And the unicorn said, yes, you'll go on a unicorn ride with me, and we'll have all the other unicorns as backup. And so king Jonah hopped on the unicorn, and all of the unicorns started to fly using their special wings, and king Jonah was holding the golden leaf. As king Jonah got higher and higher, he saw some of the berries, the berries that were falling from the clouds, and he saw there were still some grape juice clouds that were purple in the sky from the fire hydrant that made the rainbows. And king Jonah saw there were some houses that were just floating around on balloons and that the candy mountain was still there, but it was getting smaller. So he told the unicorn to hurry, and the unicorn flew by some orange clouds under, even though it started to rain orange juice on the unicorn. And king Jonah king Jonah told the unicorn to go even faster. And the unicorn went faster and faster until it got to the edge of king Jonah's kingdom. And when the unicorn and king Jonah got to the edge of his kingdom, king Jonah lifted up the golden leaf that the troll named lamore gave him. And king Jonah threw the golden leaf into the bubble that was getting the kingdom smaller. And at first it fell off the bubble, and the kingdom kept getting smaller. But then the unicorn used the tip of his long unicorn horn to push the golden leaf back on the bubble, and the bubble popped. And then Jonah's kingdom got bigger again, and it got to be its regular size. And Jonah looked at the ground below from the sky, and he could see that the candy mountain was still there, and all of the houses were getting bigger and the playgrounds were getting to have more space in them, and there was more space for all of the kids. So king Jonah flew down with his unicorn and all of the other unicorns that were there for backup, and they landed right in front of king Jonah's palace. King Jonah got off the unicorn, and everyone in the kingdom was cheering. King Jonah. King Jonah. We love King Jonah. And king Jonah said he was happy to save the day. And king Jonah and everyone in his kingdom lived happily ever after. The end.