Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse used to ride their Power Wheels to school every day. One day, the principal of the school told Jonah and Jesse that soon the school would lift off the ground and float away. All of the kids needed to park their Power Wheels in the parking lot. So Jesse and Jonah parked their Power Wheels and walked into the school. The principal pressed a red button, and soon the school started to float up from the ground. The principal quickly turned into a kangaroo, and all of the kids around Jonah and Jesse turned into kangaroos as well.

In the middle of the school, there was a gym with trampolines. All of the kangaroos, who used to be kids, would jump up and down on the trampolines. Under the trampolines, there were springs. Every time the kids jumped, it gave the school's engine extra energy so it could keep floating through the air. The big fan on the bottom of the school kept spinning to push the school up in the air. The principal, who was now a kangaroo, told Jonah and Jesse that they needed to jump on the trampolines too because if they didn't, the school would fall down.

Jonah and Jesse went to some trampolines and started to jump up and down, just like the principal told them. But soon, Jesse got a little tired and said, "Well, I'm just bored of this anyway." And he stopped jumping on his trampoline. Jonah told Jesse that they should test if the principal was tricking them, and Jonah stopped jumping too. Soon, the other kangaroos were all looking at Jonah and Jesse, and they saw that Jonah and Jesse stopped jumping, so they stopped jumping too. From under the school, you could hear a noise go pitter-patter, pitter-patter. The fan that was blowing the school in the air stopped turning.

The school quickly started falling out of the sky, and it was falling so fast that Jonah told everyone, "Quick, back on the trampolines!" All of the kangaroos and Jonah and Jesse started jumping up and down, but it only slowed down their fall. They were still falling down, and they got so close to the ground that Jesse realized they needed the emergency parachute. Jesse rushed to the chimney, pressed the parachute button, and a big parachute came out, slowing the school down even more, so it wouldn't crash hard back into the Earth.

The fan got destroyed, but everyone in the school was okay. The school was fine, but the fan had flown straight into a volcano. The kids in the school, who had turned into kangaroos, and Jonah and Jesse, were okay because bouncing on a trampoline doesn't hurt as much. But all of the kids felt the impact when the school hit the ground. So it was just normal bouncing.

The problem was that the fan was broken, and Jonah and Jesse needed a way to create a new fan for the school to float again. When they looked out the window, they saw a volcano, and they were right on top of it. They looked outside the window and saw a giant, hot volcano. The volcano erupted, probably because the fan went into the volcano, and the explosion was so powerful that it blew the school back into the air. A huge amount of heat touched the bottom of the school, and soon, the school caught on fire because of the magma. The magma got hotter when the school shot straight through the Earth's atmosphere.

The lava was burning up the school, and all of the kids had to escape. That's when Jesse knew it was a real emergency because this time he couldn't just use the parachute by the chimney, as the parachute would slow it down, but that would not stop the fires from burning. Jesse decided to pull the sprinkler button, and he pulled the sprinkler, and suddenly it started raining in the school. There was so much rain that it put out the fire.

They got the fire to go out, and then they had a lot of birds help carry the school back to where it took off from. When they got back there, they saw a pillow on the ground. When the school crushed the pillow, it got so small, it was as small as an ant. That pillow first came from inside the volcano, so it had a lot of volcano energy in it, and that ended up being a very powerful pillow. When Jonah and Jesse got bigger, they ended up using that pillow as secret weapon number 20. But that's a story for another time. The end.