Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse used to drive a Power Wheels to school every day when one day the headmaster of the school told Jonah and Jesse that soon the school would be detaching from the ground and it would float away. All of the kids needed to park their Power Wheels in the parking lot. So Jesse and Jonah parked their Power Wheels and they walked into the school. The headmaster of the school pressed a red button and soon the school started to float out of the ground. The headmaster very quickly turned into a kangaroo, and all of the kids that were around Jonah and Jesse turned into kangaroos as well.

In the middle of the school, there was a gym with trampolines. All of the kangaroos that used to be kids would jump up and down on the trampolines. Under the trampolines, there were springs. Every time the kids would jump, that would give the school's engine some extra energy so that it could keep floating through the air. The big fan on the bottom of the school could keep spinning to push the school in the air. The headmaster, who was a kangaroo, told Jonah and Jesse that they needed to jump on the trampolines as well because if they didn't, the school would just fall down.

Jonah and Jesse went to some trampolines and they started to jump up and down just like the headmaster told them. But soon Jesse got a little bit tired and he said, "Well, I'm just bored of this anyway." And he stopped jumping on his trampoline. Jonah told Jesse that they should test out to see if the headmaster was tricking them, and Jonah stopped jumping too. Soon the other kangaroos were all looking at Jonah and Jesse, and they saw that Jonah and Jesse stopped jumping, so they stopped jumping too. From under the school, you could hear a noise go pitter-patter, pitter-patter. The fan that was blowing the school in the air stopped turning.

The school quickly started falling out of the sky, and it was falling so quickly that Jonah told everyone, "Quick, back on the trampolines!" All of the kangaroos and Jonah and Jesse started jumping up and down, but it was slowing down their descent. They were still falling down, and they got so close to earth that Jesse realized they were going to need the emergency parachute. Jesse rushed to the chimney, pressed the parachute button, and a big parachute came out and slowed the school down even more so it wouldn't crash hard back into the Earth.

The fan got destroyed with everyone in the school, and the school was okay, but what happened to the fan is it flew straight into a volcano. The fan and the bottom of the school crashed a little bit too hard. The kids in the school, who turned into kangaroos and also Jonah and Jesse, were okay because if you bounce and you're on a trampoline, it doesn't really hurt as much. But all of the kids won the al, and then when it clashed, they hit the ground. So it was just normal bouncing.

The issue was that the fan was broken, and Jonah and Jesse needed a way to create a new fan for the school to float again. When they looked out the window, they could see a volcano, and they were right on top of it. They looked outside the window and saw a giant hot volcano. The volcano exploded, probably because the fan went into the volcano, and the volcano exploded so much, it blew the school back into the air. There was a giant amount of heat that touched the bottom of the school, and pretty soon, the school caught on fire because the magma was on there. The magma got hollow when the school bolstered straight through the Earth's atmosphere.

The lava was burning up the school, and all of the kids had to escape. That's when Jesse knew it was a real emergency because this time he couldn't just use the parachute by the chimney, as the parachute would slow it down, but that would not stop the fires from burning. Jesse decided to pull the sprinkler button, and he pulled the sprinkler, and suddenly it started raining in the school. There was so much rain that was going down all over the school that it put out the fire.

They got the fire to go out, and then they had a lot of birds that helped carry the school back to where it took off from. When they got back there, they saw that there was a pillow on the ground. When the school crushed the pillow, it got so small, it got as small as an ant. That pillow first came from inside the volcano, so it had a lot of volcano energy in it, and that ended up being a very powerful pillow. When Jonah and Jesse got bigger, they ended up using that pillow as secret weapon number 20. But that's a story for another time. The end.