Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup toys. My name is Birdie. I live in Des Moines, Iowa state. Makeup Toys is the best podcast ever. Way tonight's makeup story is a request from both of my kids. And Jesse asks for the story to be about a school that can float and talk. And Jonah wants the story to be about a pillow that's the size of an ant. And when it explodes, it could destroy a whole army, even like the American army, but it's the size of an ant. Even the Russian army. And even the Russian army. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse used to drive a Power Wheels to school every day, when one day the headmaster of the school told Jonah and Jesse that soon the school would be detaching from the ground and it would float away. And all of the kids needed to park their Power Wheels in the parking lot. So Jesse and Jonah parked their Power Wheels and they walked into the school. And the headmaster of the school pressed a red button and soon the school started to float out of the ground. The headmaster very quickly turned into a kangaroo. And all of the kids that were around Jonah and Jesse, well, they turned into kangaroos as well. And in middle of the school there was a gym and the gym had trampolines. And all of the kangaroos that used to be kids would jump up and down on the trampolines. And under the trampolines there were springs. And every time the kids would jump, that would give the school's engine some extra energy so that it could keep floating through the air. And the big fan on bottom of the school could keep spinning to push the school in the air. And the headmaster, who is a kangaroo, told Jonah and Jesse that they needed to jump on the trampolines as well, because if they didn't, the school would just fall down. So Jonah and Jesse went to some trampolines and they started to jump up and down just like the headmaster told them. But soon Jesse got a little bit tired and he said, well, I'm just bored of this anyway. And he stopped jumping on his trampoline. And then Jonah told Jesse that they should test out to see if the headmaster was tricking them. And Jonah stopped jumping too. Soon the other kangaroos were all looking at Jonah and Jesse and they saw that Jonah and Jesse stopped jumping, so they stopped jumping too. And then from under the school, you could hear a noise go pitterpatter, pitterpatter. The fan that was blowing the school in the air stopped turning. Well, the school quickly started falling out of the sky, and it was falling so quickly that Jonah told everyone, quick, back on the trampolines. And all of the kangaroos and Jonah and Jesse started jumping up and down, but it was slowing down that it couldn't go up. It was just slowing down their descent. They were still falling down, and they got so close to earth that Jesse realized they were going to need the emergency parachute. So Jesse rushed to the chimney, and he pressed the parachute button, and a big parachute came out and slowed the school down even more so it wouldn't crash hard back into the Earth. Jesse it was a little late, so the fan got destroyed with everyone in the school, and the school okay, but what happened to the fan is it flew straight into a volcano. The fan and bottom of the school kind of crashed a little bit too hard. Now, the kids in the school, who turned into kangaroos and also Jonah and Jesse, they were okay, because if you bounce and you're on a trampoline, it doesn't really hurt as much. But all of the kids won the al, and then when it clashed, then they hit the ground. So it was just normal bouncing. Yeah, but the issue was that the fan was broken, and Jonah and Jesse needed a way to create a new fan for the school to float again. When they looked out the window, they could see a volcano, and they were right on top of it. And they looked outside the window, and they saw a giant hot volcano, and the volcano exploded, probably because the fan went into the volcano, and the volcano exploded so much, it blew the school back into the air. And there was a giant amount of heat that touched the bottom of the school. And pretty soon, the school got on fire because the magma was on there. And also the magma got hollow when the school bolstered straight through the Earth's atmosphere. Yes. And so the lava was burning up the school, and all of the kids had to escape. And that's when Jesse knew it was a real emergency, because this time he couldn't just use the parachute by the chimney because the parachute would slow it down, but that would not stop the fires from burning. So Jesse decided to pull the sprinkler button, and he pulled the sprinkler, and suddenly it started raining in the school, and there was so much rain that was going down all over the school that it put out the fire. Yes, sir. We're going to have an early ending because of a different episode, and we're going to have an early ending. But I just do want to say that they got the fire to go out, and then they had a lot of birds that helped carry the school back to where it took off from. And when they got back there, they saw that really, there was a pillow that was on the ground. And the pillow when the school crushed the pillow, it got so small, it got as small as, like an ant. But that pillow first came from inside the volcano, so it had a lot of volcano energy in it, and that ended up being a very powerful pillow. And when Jonah and Jesse got bigger, they ended up using that pillow as secret weapon number 20. But that's a story for another time. Have a good night. The end of night. Oh, hi. Thank you for listening to my cup stories. My name is DA. Go to my cupstarling.com. Join the club. Hello, friends.