Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Luisa. Luisa looked in her living room and saw that all the suitcases were packed except for hers. So she asked her mom, "Mom, I see all the suitcases are packed, but not mine. Where are we going on an adventure? And are you taking me?" Luisa's mom told her, "We are going on a train ride today. We were waiting to pack your suitcase last because we are going to put some rainbow chocolate pudding in it for extra snacks on the train ride." Luisa said, "Yay!"

Luisa's dad and mom picked up some of the suitcases and brought them to their car. Luisa got to sit in the car seat, and her parents drove through the snow to the train station. They had the rainbow chocolate pudding packed in their suitcase. When they got to the train station, there was a conductor with a little bell that went ding-dong and ring-a-ding. As the conductor walked on the platform, he said, "Choo choo. Train coming in 10 seconds." All the kids at the train station started looking for the Choo Choo train. Then the conductor said, "Choo Choo train coming in 5 seconds." All the kids cheered, "Yay, the Choo Choo train is going to come!"

Everyone saw a Choo Choo train that looked like the real Thomas train, with a blue front and a smiley face. It pulled into the train station, but its engine broke down and it couldn't go. The conductor rang his bell, and everyone got out of the train. He told everyone they couldn't go on the train because it was broken.

Luisa was a little sad because she really wanted to go on the train and have her rainbow-colored chocolate pudding. She saw a little smoke coming out of the engine and told her parents it looked very broken. They agreed. Just then, the wheels started to fall off the train, and it wasn't very sturdy.

Luisa told her parents, "I don't think this train is working very well." The conductor came up to her and said, "Luisa, this train is like a Thomas train. We need kids to think of ideas to help make it work again." Luisa said, "I have an idea, but it might not work." The conductor asked, "What's your idea, Luisa?" She said that since the engine wasn't working and couldn't make steam, they should put an oven inside it to get the train engine hot and help it go.

The conductor blew his whistle, and the train workers went to a store to buy an oven and some baking mix for a cake. They came back, put the oven in the train, and put the cake mix in the oven. The conductor turned the train on, and instead of saying Choo Choo, it said, "Beep beep," like an oven. Inside the train, a cake was getting bigger.

Luisa said, "The Choo Choo train's engine works now, but the wheels still don't work." The conductor asked if she had any ideas to fix the wheels. Luisa suggested buying new wheels and fixing where they attach. The conductor told the workers to use all their tools and make sure the wheels were on securely.

The workers used hammers, screwdrivers, and determination, but it didn't work. Luisa had another idea: "Because it's snowy outside, why don't you buy 100 sleds and put them under the train wheels? Then tie a rope onto the sleds and have dogs help pull the Choo Choo train because that will give it a boost."

The conductor thought it was a great idea. The workers went to the sled store and brought sleds back to the train station. The whole town helped by taking sleds to the station. They put all the sleds under the Choo Choo train.

Luisa told the conductor to start the train. The oven engine started, and the train moved a little but still needed the doggy boost. Luisa said they needed to tie a rope onto the dogs and have them pull the train. The conductor agreed.

Luisa got lots of dog food and told everyone to buy all the dog food in the city. They made a big pile of dog food in front of the train station. All the dogs in the city started pulling their owners to the station.

When all the dogs arrived, they attached their leashes to the rope, making a magic dog sled. Luisa told the conductor that the dogs should get some kibbles for helping. The dogs ate a little kibble, then pulled the Choo Choo train with the oven engine out of the station. Luisa got to go on her special adventure with her family because of the dogs' help.

The dogs pulled the Choo Choo train on sleds through the snowy mountains and back to the station, where they got treats. Luisa and her family lived happily ever after. The end.