It's. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Brittany, and Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Louisa. I'm three years old. I live in Farmington, Utah. I like a story about my magic dogs, bell and cherry. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Luisa who lives in Farmington, Utah, and who turns four years old today on March 23. And so we want to say happy birthday, Luisa. Happy birthday, Luisa. And Luisa asked for us to make up a story that includes a magic dog sled, a rainbow, and some cherries. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Luisa. Luisa looked in her living room and she saw that all of the suitcases were packed except for hers. So she looked at her mom and she said, mom, I see all the suitcases are packed, but not mine yet. Where are we going to go on an adventure? And are you taking me? And Luisa's mom told Luisa, we are going to go on a train ride today. And we were also waiting to pack your suitcase last because in your suitcase we are going to put some rainbow chocolate pudding and it's going to be for extra snacks on the train ride. And Luisa said, yay. Well, Luisa's dad and Luisa's mom picked up some of the suitcases and they brought it to their car. Luisa got to go in the car seat and Luisa's parents drove through the snow all the way to the train station. Chocolate pudding. They didn't have it in yet. And they did have the rainbow chocolate pudding packed in their suitcase. And when they got to the train station when they got to the train station, there was a conductor. And the conductor had a little bell that went dingdong and ringading, and he would hold the bell. And as the conductor would walk on the platform of the train station, he would say, choo choo. Train coming in 10 seconds. And then all of the kids who were at the train station started looking for the ChuChu train. And then the conductor said, choochu, train coming in 5 seconds. And all of the kids were like, yay, the ChuChu train is going to come. And then everyone saw that there was a ChuChu train that looked like the real Thomas train, and it was blue in front. And the ChuChu train had a smiley face, and it pulled into the train station. But when the ChuChu train got to the train station, its engine broke down and it couldn't go. And the conductor picked up his bell and it went ding dong. And everyone who was in the train got out of the train. And then the conductor told everyone nobody could go on the train because it was broken. Luisa was a little bit sad because Luisa really wanted to go on the train and she was looking forward to having her rainbow colored chocolate pudding on the train. She saw there was a little bit of smoke coming out of the engine in front of the train. And luisa told her parents that it looked very broken. Luisa's parents said that she was right. And just as luisa said that, she saw that the wheels started to fall off the bottom of the train, and the train was on the train track, but the wheels were not so very sturdy. Then luisa told her parents, I don't think this train is working very well. And just as she said that, the conductor came up to her. And the conductor said, luisa, because this train is kind of like a thomas train. We need kids to think of ideas to help make it work again. And luisa said, well, I have an idea, but it might not work. And the conductor said, what's your idea, Luisa? And luisa said, because the front of the train, the engine part wasn't working, and it wasn't able to get hot and make any of the clouds of steam. She decided that the conductor should put an oven inside it, and then the oven would get the train engine hot, and that would help the train go. So the conductor blew his whistle. And a lot of the people who worked on the train went to a store and they bought an oven. And they also got some baking mix so that they could bake cake in the new train engine. And then the workers came back from the store, and they lifted up the oven, and they put it in the train. And then they put some cake mix in the oven. And the conductor turned the train on, and guess what happened? What? Instead of saying ChuChu, the train said, beep beep. Just like it was an oven. And inside of the train, inside of the oven, there was a cake that was getting bigger. Luisa said, well, it looks like at least the ChuChu train's engine works now, but the wheels still don't work. And then the conductor said, louisa, do you have any ideas for how he could fix the wheels of the train? What's your idea, bud? Maybe they could buy new wheels, and also they could try to fix where the wheels come on, like put better stuff on. And so luisa told the conductor that they should try to fix the wheels. And the conductor told all of the workers in the train to use all of the tools that they could and to try to make sure the wheels were on securely. The construction people used their hammers. They used their screwdrivers. They even used good, hard, old fashioned determination. But it didn't work. Nothing the construction workers could do would get the wheels back on the train. So luisa told the construction workers she had a different idea. She said, because it's snowy outside. Why don't you go to the store and buy so many sleds. Not, like one sled and not like two sleds, but like 100 sleds. And then bring all of the sleds back from the store to the train and put the sleds under the train wheels, and then tie a rope onto the sled and have some dogs help pull the ChuChu train out because that will give it a boost. The conductor said that was a really good idea. And just as he said that, all of the construction workers started heading to the sled store, and they all took turns. And one person would buy a sled, and then the other person would have to pull that construction worker back through the snow in the sled to the train station. And soon the whole town got full of people taking sleds all the way to the train station. And construction workers took sleds, and other kids that wanted to help took sleds. And everyone put together all of their sleds right under the ChuChu train that wasn't working. And then Luisa told the conductor, ready for it to start. And the conductor turned on the oven that made the engine of the train go. And the train was on top of so many sleds, and it started to go a little bit, but it still didn't have the doggy boost. Yeah. So the dogs need to be there. Yes. And so Luisa said, guys, I think I know what needs to happen. You need to tie a rope onto the dog so the dogs could help pull the ChuChu train off, because an oven is good, but it's not enough to pull a whole train. And plus, the oven also has to cook some yummy things while it's going. The conductor said it was a good idea. So Luisa got so much dog food, she told everyone they needed to buy all the dog food in the whole city. And they made a big pile of dog food right in front of the train station. And all of the dogs started sniffing and go. They were smelling around for the dog food. And all of the dogs in the whole city started pulling their owners. What if it was around the world? They couldn't smell that far. But dogs from 12 miles away started running and pulling the owners leashes all the way till they got to the train station. No way. Really? And then when all the dogs got to the train station, they attached their leashes to the rope, and it became a magic dog sled. But also give the dog the kibbles afterwards. Yes. And Luisa told the train conductor that all of the dogs, since they were helping pull the train, should get some kibbles. And the conductor said, okay, first the dogs ate a little bit of kibbles as a treat. And then they pulled the ChuChu train with the oven engine out of the train station. And Luisa got to go on her special adventure with her family because of the dog's help. And the dogs pulled the ChuChu train that was on Sleds all the way through the snowy mountains and back to the train station where they got some treats. And Luisa and her family lived happily ever after. The end. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stops.