Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Audrey. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Hi, my name is London and I'm turning ten on the 31 July. I live in Bountiful, Utah, and I would like a story about a frost dragon, a fire dragon and a tornado. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named London who lives in Bountiful, Utah and who turned ten years old on July 31. And so we want to wish a happy belated birthday to London. Belated birthday. One blade. Good job. And London asked for us to make up a story that includes a fire dragon, an ice dragon and a tornado. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a ten year old girl whose name was London. London knew a secret about the world that not so many other kids knew. London knew that there were some kids, usually girls, but it happened to boys too sometimes, that were born with a special power. And it was a secret power. And the way you could figure out if another kid had the power was you had to ask the kid paru. And if you said the word Peru to a kid who had the power, then the kid would reply, Para. Para. And clap your hands. And that's how you knew that a kid had the power. Now, what the power did was very interesting. Usually not so many people had it, so people don't even know this power could exist. But the way it worked was kids could imagine things in their head and then the next day, whatever they thought of would happen. So let's say you wanted to go to a playground one day and you wanted the slide in the playground to turn into a lollipop slide. Then all you would have to do if you had this secret power was to think paru or para. And as you were thinking of that, you would put a picture in your head of a playground with a blue slide that turned into a rainbow colored lollipop. And then the next day, when you walked to the playground, if you went on the slide, the slide would turn from a blue slide to a lollipop rainbow slide. So not a lot of kids knew about this power. And London kept it a secret her whole life. So her friends didn't even know. London's family didn't know, her parents didn't know, her siblings didn't know, none of her friends knew because London usually kept the power in reserve for emergencies or if something happened. Well, one day London was in school and as she was in school, she saw that there were some girls and the girls said they didn't want to play with her. And London thought that that wasn't very fair because those girls were supposed to be her friends. And so London walked up to the girls and she closed her eyes and she thought to herself, paru. And para. And as she thought that to herself, she put a picture in her mind of all of those girls walking with her on a sidewalk, going to a special amusement park. And it was the first time London had used this power. So she didn't know if it would really work because some kids think they have the power, but it doesn't work for them. And London didn't know if she was one of the kids that had the real power or the pretend one. So London went home, and that night, she had dinner with her family and she didn't tell her parents and she didn't tell her siblings that she had this idea that she put in her head of having her friends walk with her on the sidewalk to a special kind of amusement park. And then the next morning, when London woke up, london's dad told her, london, I heard that it's a really nice day out. Do you think it would be a good idea today for you to go on a walk with your friends? And London looked out the window and she saw that it was really a nice day. There was kind of like a weird color in the sky. It looked like almost imagine if in the sky there was like some fire colors, but that's the way it woke up. It was almost like there was the sun in one part of the sky and there were regular clouds in other part of the sky, but there was a little part of the sky, like a circle in the middle. Of the sky that had sunset kind of colors, like orange and red, but it looked almost like there was a fire in the sky. And so London asked her dad, dad, have you ever seen this before? And her dad said that he didn't see it before, but that fires in the sky couldn't be real. And London decided that she would go tell her friends, and she went to her friend's house, and that day they all wanted to play with her, and they all really were her friends, and they were so excited to see her, and she was the one that they would tell all the secrets to. And London got to walk with her friend on the sidewalk, and she pointed up to the sky and she told her friends, guys, look, it's kind of a silly sky today. And her friends didn't know why the sky was like that either. And one of them said they should call the weatherman or the weather lady to figure out if there was some weird weather that day. And London looked in front of her and she saw that there was a sidewalk that kind of turned from the regular sidewalk, like you had to make a right on it. You turned, and if you turned that way and walked through some bushes, there was a big water fountain. And if you press the button on the water fountain, it went over somebody almost like a rainbow. But it wasn't colorful. It was just regular water that went over people in the shape of a rainbow. And so London and her friends thought it was so fun because they ran under that and tried not to get wet. So they had to go so quickly before the water drops got on them. And when they got to the other side of that special kind of water fountain, they saw there really was an amusement park. And that's when London realized that she really was one of those kids with a magic power. And that that thing that she imagined the day before when her friends weren't playing with her, when she put a picture in her head of going on a sidewalk to an amusement park, well, it was really happening. And so London told her friends that there was an amusement park here. And inside the amusement park, she could see that the hole in the sky was getting bigger and bigger. There were more colors in the sky. Until finally, from the middle of the sky, the circle that looked like a sunset in middle of the blue sky, out of that circle came a fire dragon. And the fire dragon came out of that sunset circle in the sky in middle of the daytime. And it started flying all the way down to the amusement park. The fire dragon had a harness on it and it had some ropes like it was looking for a rider. And it landed right in front of London and her friends. And the fire dragon laid down like a little kitty cat even though it was so big and strong. And the fire dragon put its neck down and it saw that London was the one who was supposed to get a ride. And so London climbed on top of the fire dragon while all of her friends watched. And the fire dragon flew over the amusement park on top of the roller coasters. It flew on top of the cotton candy machines. It even flew over a merrygoround and a ferris wheel and a lot of fun different rides. And the fire dragon went to the part of the sky that was the sunset colors. And when it went there, it went through a portal to a different part of the world where the earth wasn't it wasn't outer space, so it wasn't black and dark, but it wasn't earth and it wasn't blue and light either. Where London went was an ice world where there was an ice dragon and the fire dragon and the ice dragon, they used to jump onto seesaws together. And if the fire dragon was on the higher side of the seesaw, then that day on earth it would be a hot day. And if the ice dragon was on top of the seesaw, then it would be a cold and snowy day on earth. And so that's when London realized how the weather was really made and why. Some days it's hot and some days it's cold and some days it's sunny and some days it's cloudy. And London decided that she needed to go back down because she saw that inside of that secret part of the sky where it looks like sunset and where there's a portal to an ice world where the Ice Dragon and Fire Dragon stay in a seesaw. Well, in that world, there was a fan that was turning around and starting a little tornado. First, the tornado almost looked like water going down a bath drain after you finish the bath and the water twirls around and goes down the drain and you could put your finger in it. But then London saw that the big fan in the sky was making it twirl faster and bigger, much bigger than a bathtub. It was like a whirlpool in the ocean, but it was in the sky and it was made of wind. So London told the Fire dragon that it needed to balance out the tornado. And the Fire Dragon breathed a little fire and the tornado slowed down and went away. Well, London had the Fire Dragon bring her back down to the amusement park. And London fulfilled her dream with the special power that she had and had a fun day at the amusement park with her friends. And London and her family and friends lived happily ever after. The end.