Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big kid named Dylan. Dylan lived in Massachusetts with his family, and he and his brother Harrison loved to dig in sandboxes. One day at the beach, Dylan decided he would dig the deepest tunnel in sand ever. The sand from the hole would be used to build a huge sandcastle. Dylan knew he couldn't do it alone, or even with Harrison's help, because they were just two kids. To make the biggest hole in the world, they needed real construction vehicles, excavators, dump trucks, and lots of construction workers to help.

Dylan asked his parents if he could have a special birthday wish, and they agreed. Dylan wanted so many dump trucks and excavators at the beach that if one broke down, there would be others to keep digging. Soon enough, his parents granted his birthday wish and called the mayor of the city. The mayor liked Dylan's idea and wanted them to build the biggest, deepest hole in sand in the whole world. People would come on airplanes from other cities to see the biggest, deepest hole and the tallest sandcastle ever, as big as a skyscraper.

The mayor told the construction companies to start working, and the next day, a long line of dump trucks and excavators headed to the beach. All over the highways near Massachusetts, big carriers brought construction equipment to the beach. That afternoon, the construction workers started working, put up big lights, and worked through the night. The next morning, even more construction workers joined in. Soon, workers from across the state and country came to help. The hole in the sand grew bigger and bigger. It was so big that it was on TV, and people saw it on their computers. Moms and dads talked about it on their cell phones.

Dylan supervised the project, and one day, while looking from the top of the deep hole on the beach, he saw a shooting star pop out of the hole. Shooting stars are usually in space, and they look like a bright light making a line through the sky. Dylan realized that there was a shooting star at the very center of the Earth, just like apple seeds are in the middle of an apple. 

Dylan and his friends, along with all the construction workers, did such a great job building the biggest hole in the world that they reached the shooting star at the center of the Earth. The shooting star was under all the lava and magma. It had the same power that lets people talk. The shooting star at the center of Earth could talk too, but it spoke for Earth.

The shooting star came out of the deep hole in the sand and started floating above the beach. Dylan saw it and pointed it out to his mom. Soon, Dylan's mom, dad, and Harrison, as well as all the construction workers, were looking at the big, shiny, bright ball floating above the ocean. It was the shooting star. The shooting star had a mouth, and it opened it to say that it was looking forward to a baseball game.

Harrison said there was no way the shooting star could play baseball because it didn't have arms or legs, and it was too hot to hold a bat. The shooting star insisted, "No, really, I can play baseball. I like to play with a ninja." Just then, a ninja came out of the deep hole that Dylan and the construction workers made. The ninja floated up, jumped on top of the shooting star, and didn't get burned or complain.

Dylan asked the ninja how it could do that. The ninja said it had ninja tricks and could teach Dylan. The shooting star asked, "Well, do you guys want to play some baseball?" Dylan agreed, and he, the shooting star, Harrison, and the ninja went to the baseball field. At the field, the shooting star made a bat appear from its belly button and beeped out a bunch of baseballs.

The ninja said, "I want to be first!" and started hitting the baseballs with the bat. As the balls flew into the air, the shooting star zoomed across the sky to catch them and throw them back. The ninja was so fast that it could jump from home plate to the outfield to catch the balls. It was so fun to watch.

The shooting star told Dylan it was his turn and Harrison's turn next. Dylan got to hit the ball. Even though Dylan had regular kid strength, he used the magic bat from the shooting star's belly button and hit a ball across the whole baseball field. The ball went so far that it landed on a flower on the other side of the field. Dylan, Harrison, and their whole family lived happily ever after. The end.