Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big kid whose name was Dylan. Dylan lived in Massachusetts with his family, and he and his brother Harrison used to love to dig in sandboxes. Dylan once decided when they were at the beach that he would dig the deepest tunnel in sand that had ever been dug before. The sand that came out of the hole they were digging would go to make a big sandcastle. Dylan knew that he couldn't do it all by himself or even with Harrison's help, because they were just two kids. To make the biggest hole in the world, you had to use real construction vehicles and have excavators and dump trucks and all sorts of construction workers to help.

Dylan asked his parents if he could have a special birthday wish, and Dylan's parents said that was okay. Dylan wondered what would happen if one of the excavators and dump trucks broke down. He told his parents that they needed to have so many dump trucks and so many excavators come to the beach that if one of them broke down, there would be others to keep digging. Soon enough, his parents granted Dylan his birthday wish, and they made a call to the mayor of the city. The mayor of the city where they lived said that he liked Dylan's idea and he really wanted them to build the biggest, deepest hole in sand in the whole world. People would come on airplanes from other cities to look at the biggest, deepest hole in the sand and the biggest sandcastle in the whole world, which was going to be as big as a skyscraper.

The mayor told the construction companies to start working, and the next day, there was a big line of dump trucks and excavators going to the beach. All over the highways near Massachusetts, there were big carriers that were bringing all of the construction equipment on the highway all the way over to the beach. That afternoon, all the construction workers got started and they put up big lights and worked through the night. The next morning, they called in even more construction workers. Soon, construction workers from across the state and country started to help out. The hole in the sand got bigger and bigger and bigger. The hole was so big that it was on TV and people saw it on their computers. Moms and dads were talking about it on their cell phones.

Dylan was supervising the project, and he was looking from the top of the deep hole on the beach one day when he saw a shooting star popping out of the hole. Shooting stars are usually in space, and you can see a big light go through the sky and it looks like it's really a meteor, but it looks like a light that makes a line through the sky. Dylan saw that there was a shooting star in the deepest tunnel they had ever built. That's when he realized that there was a shooting star at the very center of the Earth, in the middle part of the Earth. Just like in the middle part of an apple, there are apple seeds. In the middle part of Earth, there's actually a shooting star.

Dylan and his friends and all the construction workers did such a good job building the biggest hole in the world that they got to the shooting star at the center of the Earth. The magma was on top of the shooting star. The shooting star that's in the middle of Earth is under all the lava and stuff. It's the deepest part of the Earth, but that's how deep Dylan and the construction workers had dug. The shooting star is the same thing that lets people talk. It was the same kind of power. The shooting star at the center of Earth was also able to talk. Instead of talking like a person, the shooting star talked for Earth.

The shooting star came out of the deep, deep, deep hole in the sand, and it started floating up on top of the beach. Dylan could see it, and he pointed it out to his mom. Soon, Dylan's mom and dad and Harrison were looking, and all of the construction workers were pointing at the big white ball that was shiny and bright and that you could see under the clouds on top of the beach, right on top of the boats that were in the ocean. It was the shooting star. The shooting star had a mouth, and it opened its mouth. The shooting star said to Harrison that he was really looking forward to a baseball game.

Harrison said there was no way that the shooting star could play baseball because the shooting star didn't have any arms and it didn't have any legs. Plus, how would it hold the bat? The bat would probably just burn up because the shooting star was hot. The shooting star said, "No, really, I can play baseball. I like to play baseball with a ninja." Just as the shooting star said that, a ninja came out of the deep hole that Dylan and all the construction workers made. The ninja came out from underground, and it floated up. Once it got to the ground, it did a big jump and jumped right on top of the shooting star, and its feet didn't burn, and the ninja didn't even complain.

Dylan asked the ninja how it could do that. The ninja said it had some ninja tricks and that it could teach Dylan the ninja tricks. The shooting star said, "Well, do you guys want to play some baseball?" Dylan said, "Okay." Dylan, the shooting star, Dylan's brother Harrison, and the ninja decided to go to the baseball field. When they got to the baseball field, Dylan saw that the shooting star was able to make a bat appear by kind of making it go out of the shooting star's tummy. The shooting star had a belly button, and then it just beeped out a bat from the belly button, and the bat fell on the ground. The shooting star beeped out a bunch of baseballs.

The ninja said, "I want to be first. I want to be first." The ninja started to hit the baseballs with the bat. As he hit them in the air, the shooting star would shoot across the sky and try to catch the baseballs. It would throw them back. The ninja was so fast; he would be able to jump up from home plate where he was swinging the ninja bat all the way to the outfield and catch the balls. It was so fun to watch.

The shooting star told Dylan that it was his turn and that it was Harrison's turn next. Dylan got to hit the ball. Even though Dylan just had regular kid strength because he was using that magic bat that came out of the shooting star's tummy, he was able to hit a ball across the whole baseball field. The ball went so far that it fell on a flower on the other side of the baseball field. Dylan, Harrison, and their whole family lived happily ever after. The end.