Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Olivia. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Hi, my name is Dylan, I'm seven. On June 13, can I please have a story about a talking shooting star, a baseball player, and a ninja? Thank you. I'm Harrison, and I love makeup stories. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a boy named Dylan who lives in Massachusetts and who turned seven years old on Sunday on June 13. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Dylan. Happy birthday, Dylan. And Dylan asked for us to make up a story that includes a talking shooting star, a baseball player, and a ninja. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big kid whose name was Dylan. Dylan lived in Massachusetts with his family, and he and his brother Harrison used to love to dig in sandboxes. And Dylan once decided when they were at the beach that he would dig the deepest tunnel in sand that had ever been dug before. And the sand that came out of the hole that they were digging would go to make a big sand castle. And Dylan knew that he couldn't do it all by himself or even with Harrison's help, because they were just two kids. To make the biggest hole in the world, you had to use real construction vehicles and have excavators and dump trucks and all sorts of construction workers to help. And so Dylan asked his parents if he could have a special birthday wish, and Dylan's parents said that was okay. And Dylan yebud. What happens if one of the excavators and dump trucks broke down? Well, Dylan told his parents that they needed to have so many dump trucks and so many excavators come to the beach that if one of them broke down, there would be others to keep digging. And soon enough, his parents granted Dylan his birthday wish, and they made a call to the mayor of the city. And the mayor of the city where they lived said that he liked Dylan's idea and he really wanted them to build the biggest, deepest hole in sand in the whole world. And then people would come on airplanes from other cities, and they would come to look at the biggest, deepest hole in the sand and the biggest sandcastle in the whole world, which was going to be as big as a skyscraper. Well, the mayor told the construction companies to start working, and the next day, there was a big line of dumped trucks and excavators going to the beach. Yeah, bud. Also like transporters that were helping excavators drive to the way. Drive to the beach. Yeah. All over the highways near Massachusetts, there were big carriers that were bringing all of the construction equipment on the highway all the way over to the beach. And that afternoon, all the construction workers got started and they put up big lights and they worked through the night. And the next morning, they called in even more construction workers. And soon construction workers from across the state and country started to help out. And the hole in the sand got bigger and bigger and bigger. The hole was so big that it was on TV and people saw it on their computers. And the moms and dads were talking about it on their cell phones. And Dylan was supervising the project, and he was looking from the top of the deep hole on the beach one day, and he saw that there was a shooting star that was popping out of the hole. And shooting stars are usually in space, and you can see a big light go through the sky and it looks like it's really a meteor, but it looks like a light that makes a line through the sky. And Dylan saw that there was a shooting star that was in a tunnel in Earth, in the deepest tunnel that they had ever built. And that's when Dylan realized that there was a shooting star at the very center of the Earth, in the middle part of the Earth. Just like in the middle part of an apple, there's apple seeds. In the middle part of Earth, there's actually a shooting star. And Dylan and his friends and all the construction workers did such a good job building the biggest hull in the world that they got to the shooting star at the center of the Earth. Then does that mean that it could make a volcano? Because that means it might be a couple miles deeper until it gets to magma. The magma was on top of the shooting star. The shooting star that's in the middle of Earth is under all the lava and stuff. It's the deepest part of the Earth, but that's how deep Dylan and the construction workers had dug. And the shooting star is the same thing that lets people talk. It was the same kind of power. And so the shooting star at the center of Earth was also able to talk. And instead of talking like a person, the shooting star talked for Earth. And the shooting star came out of the deep, deep, deep hole in the sand, and it started floating up on top of the beach. And Dylan can see it, and he pointed it out to his mom. And soon Dylan's mom and dad and Harrison were looking and all of the construction workers were pointing at the big white ball that was shiny and bright and that you could see under the clouds on top of the beach, right on top of the boats that were in the ocean. And it was the shooting star. And the shooting star had a mouth. And the shooting star opened its mouth. And the shooting star said to Harrison that he was really looking forward to a baseball game. And Harrison said there's no way that the shooting star could play baseball because the shooting star didn't have any arms and it didn't have any legs. And plus, how would it hold the bat? Because the bat would probably just burn up because the shooting star was hot. And the shooting star said, no, really, I can play baseball. I like to play baseball with a ninja. And just as the shooting star said that a ninja came out of the deep hole that Dylan and all the construction workers made, and the ninja came out from underground, and it floated up. And once it got to the ground, it did a big jump and it jumped right on top of the shooting star, and its feet didn't burn, and the ninja didn't even complain. And Dylan asked the ninja how it could do that. And the ninja said it had some ninja tricks and that it could teach Dylan the ninja tricks. And the shooting star said, well, do you guys want to play some baseball? And Dylan said, okay. And Dylan and the shooting star and Dylan's brother Harrison, and also the ninja decided to go to the baseball field. And when they got to the baseball field, dylan saw that the shooting star was able to make a bat appear by kind of making it go out of the shooting star's tummy. The shooting star had a belly button, and then it just beeped out a bat from the belly button, and the bat fell on the ground. And then the shooting star beeped out a bunch of baseballs. And the ninja said, I want to be first. I want to be first. And the ninjas started to hit the baseballs with the bat. And as he would hit them in the air, the shooting star would shoot across the sky and try to catch the baseballs. And it would throw them back. And the ninja would be so fast, he would be able to jump up from home plate where he was swinging the ninja bat all the way to outfield and catch the balls. And it was so fun to watch. And then the shooting star told Dylan that it was his turn and that it was Harrison's turn next. And Dylan got to hit the ball. And even though Dylan just had regular kid strength because he was using that magic bat that came out of the shooting star's tummy, he was able to hit a ball across the whole baseball field. The ball went so far that it fell on a flower on the other side of the baseball field. And Dylan and Harrison and their whole family lived happily ever after. The end.