Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a six-year-old boy named NEMA. NEMA was a very lucky boy because he and his family moved into a castle. The castle had big doors and enormous windows, and it had a moat full of water all around it. There was even a troll bridge to get inside the castle. The castle was filled with magical treasures. But NEMA was even luckier because his castle had the most kitty cats in the whole world. The castle was just full of cats. There were gray cats, striped cats, orange, yellow, and black cats. There were even cats that were orange, white, and black. There was a rainbow-colored cat named Umbrella, which is a funny name for a cat, but NEMA liked to do experiments.

One time, NEMA found a special rock called lapis, and he started rubbing the rock because it was purple. He rubbed it together, and it made some purple dust. After NEMA had the purple dust, he started throwing it around the living room of the castle on top of the cats. Do you know what happened to all of the cats when NEMA threw the magic purple dust in the middle of the castle in the living room? What happened was each of the cats learned how to change into different types of animals. First, the kitty cats decided to be cheetahs, and they all said, "Flash, fluch." The kitty cats turned into cheetahs and were running around the whole castle. And then NEMA said, "Tiger." Do you know what happened to all the cheetahs? They turned into tigers. And then NEMA said "lion." Do you know what happened to all the kitty cats? They turned into lions, and they all said "roar" at the same time, and it was the loudest roar. NEMA was a powerful, powerful prince of the castle because he had all of the wild animals on his side.

NEMA loved the purple dust, which could turn any cat into any other kind of cat. And if the lions needed to eat, NEMA didn't want to have to catch them, like antelope and deer and stuff like that. So do you know what NEMA did? He turned them into kitty cats and then gave them kitty cat food and back into lions. Yeah. And then when they were done with the kitty cat food, he just turned them back into a lion. It was a really silly thing, but NEMA knew how to do it with his purple dust from the lapis.

And NEMA loved his castle and was in charge of the whole kingdom for a long time until one day he heard a knocking on his door. But it didn't sound like a person knocking. Instead, it sounded like clack, clack, clack. And do you know what it was, buddy? It was a robot. The robot knocked on the castle door, and NEMA said, "Robot, are you a good robot or a mean robot?" And just as he said that, two lions went right next to NEMA and roared at the robot. The robot said, "I am a good robot. I can do magic also." And NEMA said to the lions that they didn't have to roar because the robot was a good robot.

NEMA let the robot inside of the castle, and the robot told NEMA he had a trick. NEMA said, "What's the trick?" The robot said, "Let me eat up one of the kitty cats." He said "ah" and showed that he didn't have teeth, and the robot had a drawer right by his belly button. If you press the robot's belly button, do you know what happened? A secret drawer opened, and whatever the robot ate turned into two of those. And it didn't hurt if the robot ate you. So the robot said, "NEMA, let me eat a kitty cat. And you'll see, it's not even going to hurt the kitty cat, and it will still be alive. And then it'll come out of the jar when you press my belly button." And NEMA said, "okay." And NEMA put a little kitty cat in the robot's mouth. The robot said, "Gulp," and didn't bite it so that it wouldn't hurt the kitty cat. The kitty cat went in the robot's belly. And then the robot said, "okay, NEMA, time for you to press the button." And NEMA pressed the robot's button, and do you know what happened? Two kitties came out whenever the robot ate something, and NEMA pressed the magic belly button button. Two of those things came out of the robot.

They did it again and again, and there were so many kitty cats. The kitty cats were, like, going up to the ceiling of the castle, and castles have very high ceilings. So NEMA said, "Robot, stop doing that." But the robot said, "NEMA, do you want to turn?" And NEMA said, "Will it hurt?" The robot said, "It will not hurt. I am a good robot." And NEMA said, "okay." And then NEMA went in the robot's mouth, and it didn't hurt. And then he got in the robot's belly, and the robot said, "okay, NEMA, time for you to press my belly button." And NEMA pressed his belly button from the inside. And do you know what happened? The drawer opened up, and two NEMAs came out. They were both the real NEMA, and they both are like, "Wait, are you the real NEMA and NEMA?" And they both said, "No, I'm the real NEMA." And they couldn't figure out who the real one was. And it was so confusing.

Well, NEMA thought this was very strange. And the whole entire castle was full of kitty cats. And so NEMA decided he needed to send a message to his mom to tell her to come look in the castle. And NEMA number two said to NEMA number one, "But how can we send a message from the castle?" And NEMA number one said to NEMA number two, "How about we write it down on a piece of paper? And then a bird picks it up and the bird delivers it to mom?" And NEMA number one said, "That's a good idea, but how will the bird know where the mom is?" That's a good question. But NEMA number one also said that they needed to add a compass to the bird and give the bird a map to look at so that it could find NEMA's mom's house. And the bird carried a message to NEMA's mom's house. And NEMA's mom came helping to the castle.

When NEMA's mom opened the door to the castle, do you know what she saw? A flood of kitty cats. A flood of kitty cats came out the door, and there were two NEMAs. And the first NEMA said NEMA number one said, "Mama, mama. It's NEMA." And NEMA number two said, "Mama, mama. It's NEMA." And NEMA's mama said, "That is so silly. How about you guys go back into the robot's belly button and tell the robot to turn you into just one NEMA again?" And NEMA number one said okay. And number two said okay. And they both went in the nice robot's mouth, and the robot ate them up. And then the mama, instead of pressing the belly button, do you know what the mama did? She tickled the robot's ear. And then the robot had its drawer open up by its belly button. And just one NEMA came out.

The robot told NEMA that he really was the prince of the castle. And NEMA and his mom and all of the kitty cats lived happily ever after. The end.