You welcome to make top Stories. This is Rory from Scotland. Hi. My name is Nima. My birthday will be in my I'll be seven years old in 8 February. I'm from Afghanistan, and I live in Turkey. I want a story about some robots, cats, and treasure. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a six year old boy whose name is NEMA and who lives in Turkey. And NEMA asked for us to make up a story that includes robots, kitty cats, and treasure. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a six year old boy whose name was NEMA. Neema was a very lucky boy because NEMA and his family moved into a castle. And the castle had big castle doors and ginormous castle windows, and it had a moat which was full of water right around the castle, and it had a troll bridge to get over into the castle. And the castle had so many magical treasures. But Nemo was even luckier than that because Neema lived in the castle where there are the most kitty cats in the whole world. The castle was just full of cats. There were some gray cats and some striped cats. There were some cats that were orange and yellow and black. There were cats that were orange and white and black. There was even a rainbow colored cat that they called umbrella, which is a silly name for a cat, but NEMA used to like to do experiments. And one time, NEMA found a kind of rock called lapis, and he started rubbing the rock because it was a purple rock. And he rubbed it together, and it made some purple dust. After NEMA had the purple dust, he started throwing it around the living room of the castle on top of the cats. And do you know what happened to all of the cats when NEMA threw the magic purple dust in middle of the castle on the living room? What what happened was each of the cats learned how to change into different types of animals. First, the kitty cats decided to be cheetahs, and they all said, flash, fluch. And the kitty cats turned into cheetahs and were running around the whole castle. And then NEMA said, Tiger. And do you know what happened to all the cheetahs? What? They turned into tigers. And then NEMA said lion. And do you know what happened to all the kitty cats? They turned into a lion, and they all said roar at the same time, and it was the loudest roar. And NEMA was a powerful, powerful prince of the castle because he had all of the wild animals on his side. And NEMA loved the purple dust, which could turn any cat into any other kind of cat. And if the lions needed to eat, NEMA didn't want to have to catch them, like antelope and deer and stuff like that. So do you know what NEMA did? Give them food. That like regular people eat? No, Neema turned them into kitty cats and then gave them kitty cat food and back into lion. Yeah. And then when they were done with the kitty cat food, he just turned them back into a lion. It was a really silly thing, but Neema knew how to do it with his purple dust from the lapis. And Neema loved his castle and was in charge of the whole kingdom for a long time until one day he heard a knocking on his door. But it didn't sound like a person knocking. Instead, it sounded like clack, clack, clack. And do you know what it was, buddy? It was a robot. And the robot knocked on the castle door, and NEMA said, Robot, are you a good robot or a mean robot? And just as he said that, two lions went right next to NEMA and roared at the robot. And the robot said, I am a good robot. I can do magic also. And NEMA said to the lions that they didn't have to roar because the robot was a good robot. Could they turn into how about coyotes? The purple dust only allowed cats to turn into other kind of cats, like cheetahs and lions and snow leopards and servals and ocelots, but not like if it was a dog. Yeah, if it were a dog, it would be able to turn into a wolf or coyote or that kind of thing. But do you know what happened, buddy? NEMA let the robot inside of the castle, and the robot told NEMA he had a trick. And NEMA said, what's the trick? And the robot said, Let me eat up one of the kitty cats. And he said ah. And he showed that he didn't have teeth, and the robot had a drawer right by his belly button. If you press the robot's belly button, do you know what happened? A secret drawer opened, and whatever the robot ate turned into two of those. And it didn't hurt if the robot ate you. So the robot said, Neema, let me eat a kitty cat. And you'll see, it's not even going to hurt the kitty cat, and it will still be alive. And then it'll come out of the jar when you press my belly button. And NEMA said, okay. And NEMA put a little kitty cat in the robot's mouth. And the robot said, Gulp, and didn't bite it so that it wouldn't hurt the kitty cat. And the kitty cat went in the robot's belly. And then the robot said, okay, NEMA, time for you to press the button. And NEMA pressed the robot's button, and do you know what happens, my kitty named King love you pause came out. No, two kitties came out whenever the robot ate something, and NEMA pressed the magic belly button button. Two of those things came out of the robot. Did they do it again and again and again. So like 900 came yeah. And so they did it again, and then there were four, and then again, and there were eight, and then 16 and 32 and 64 and 128 and 256 and then 512, and then 1024. And it just kept going. There were so many kitty cats. The kitty cats were, like, going up to the ceiling of the castle, and castles have very high ceilings. And so NEMA said, Robot, stop doing that. But the robot said, NEMA, do you want to turn? And NEMA said, Will it hurt? And the robot said, It will not hurt. I am a good robot. And NEMA said, okay. And then NEMA went in the robot's mouth, and it didn't hurt. And then he got in the robot's belly, and the robot said, okay, NEMA, time for you to press my belly button. And NEMA pressed his belly button from the inside. And do you know what happened? What? The drawer opened up, and two Nemas came out. They were both the real NEMA, and they both are like, wait, are you the real NEMA and NEMA? And they both said, no, I'm the real NEMA. And they couldn't figure out who the real one was. And it was so confusing. Well, NEMA thought this was very strange. And the whole entire castle was full of kitty cats. And so NEMA decided he needed to there's two Nemas. So NEMA number one decided that he needed to send a message to his mom to tell her to come look in the castle. And NEMA number two said to NEMA number one, but how can we send a message from the castle? And NEMA number one said to Neima number two, how about we write it down on a piece of paper? And then a bird picks it up and the bird delivers it to mom? And Neiman number one said, that's a good idea, but how will they know how the bird will know where the mom is? That's a good question. But Neiman number one also said that they needed to add a compass to the bird and give the bird a map to look at so that it could find NEMA's mom's house. And the bird carried a message to NEMA's mom's house. And NEMA's mom came helping to the castle. And when NEMA's mom opened the door to the castle, do you know what she saw? A flood of kitty cats. A flood of kitty cats came out the door, and there were two Nemas. And the first NEMA said NEMA number one said, Mama, mama. It's NEMA. And NEMA. Number two said, Mama, mama. It's NEMA. And NEMA's mama said, that is so silly. How about you guys go back into the robot's belly button and tell the robot to turn you into just one NEMA again? And NEMA number one said okay. And number two said okay. And they both went in the nice robot's mouth, and the robot ate them up. And then the mama, instead of pressing the belly button. Do you know what the mama did? What? Tickled the robot's ear. And then the robot had its drawer open up by its belly button. And just one NEMA came out. And the robot told Neema that NEMA really was the prince of the castle. And NEMA and his mom and all of the kitty cats lived happily ever after. The end. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stops.