Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a monkey named Lisa. Lisa the monkey lived in a forest. Forests usually have lots of trees, but this forest didn't have many trees. Instead of trees, the forest was made of broccoli and cauliflower. Broccoli and cauliflower are vegetables. Broccoli is green, and cauliflower is white. Usually, they fit on a plate. But this forest had such big broccoli and cauliflower that they were as big as trees.

Now, monkeys are very good at jumping. People can climb up trees. And when people climb up trees, they use their hands and legs, and they climb up from the middle and the bottom of the tree, the tree trunk. But monkeys like to climb up trees by swinging with their hands, and they climb up the branches. Well, Lisa the magical monkey was so good at climbing up these broccoli trees, and she would swing from one piece of broccoli to another piece of broccoli.

And the rainbow that she lived at the end of was not a colorful rainbow. It was black and white and gray, and it was made of sprinkles. And it smelled kind of funny by this rainbow. Instead of smelling like yummy food at the end of this rainbow, it smelled a little bit like old, rotten sour milk. So Lisa decided that she wanted to go on an adventure to a nicer, colorful rainbow. But she was a monkey, and monkeys don't know how to go from evil black and white, smelly rainbows to nice, colorful, fun rainbows.

So Lisa asked her friend, whose name was Minnie monkey, and she said, "Minnie monkey, do you want to go on an adventure with me to the nice rainbow?" And Minnie monkey jumped down from her tree, and she said, "I want to go on an adventure with you." And Lisa said, "Yay!" And they set off for adventure holding hands.

And they decided to start their adventure by jumping from one broccoli tree to the next broccoli tree while holding hands. And one of them would have to hold onto a branch, and the other one would hold onto a different branch. And then they would do a cartwheel and land on the ground. When they landed on the ground, unfortunately, Lisa fell onto a lot of ants. And monkeys have fur, and ants like to go in them. And because monkeys are covered with hair, ants will sometimes bite inside their hair. So ants went all over Lisa the monkey. And Lisa said, "Ow, ow, ow." And Lisa's friend Minnie monkey helped Lisa by picking all the ants out from under her hair. And that took a little bit of time, but Lisa the magic monkey liked it.

When Minnie monkey did that, Lisa and Minnie monkey started to go until they found two deer. And the deer were all by themselves. And these deer wanted some food. Deers don't really like to eat broccoli so much, but they do like to eat grass. And so Lisa the monkey and Minnie the monkey were friendly monkeys. And they decided to get some grass from the grass field next to the pond. And they collected the grass by picking it up. And then they brought it to the deer. And the deer said thank you because they were so happy that the monkeys were their friends.

As the deer was eating the grass, they saw that a special, special teddy bear was lying right next to the deer's house and the teddy bear was all alone. So Lisa monkey really loved teddy bears, and she went to pick up the teddy bear. And when she picked it up, she pressed a button on the teddy bear. And the teddy bear started to say, "Doddle doodle dottle, doodle doodle dottle dottle dottle doodle dottle, doodle doodle dottle dottle." And Lisa said, "I have never seen a teddy bear that sings such a silly song." And one of the deers told her that it was the deer's teddy bear. And the teddy bear's name was Timmy.

Well, Lisa and Minnie liked the teddy bear, but they said, "We never heard of deers that have teddy bears." And the deer said that they had teddy bears because they knew that mountain lions like teddy bears. And if a mountain lion ever tried to chase them, then they would just throw the teddy bear at the mountain lion so that the mountain lion wouldn't get the deer, it would just get the teddy bear instead. And Lisa and Minnie monkey told the deer that that was a good idea.

Then they jumped on the deer for a deer ride and they looked at where the colorful rainbow was and they started going next to the colorful rainbow, and it started to smell better instead of smelling like old, smelly rotten milk. As they got next to the colorful rainbow, it started to smell like something very yummy. And that was cupcakes. So they decided to keep going. Minnie said, "I want a cupcake that's made out of banana." And Lucy said, "I want one too."

But when they kept going through the forest, they got to a bridge and there was a troll guarding the bridge. And the troll said, "I have a saxophone for you, Minnie and Lucy Monkey. And you two deer cannot get across the bridge unless you could play the musical instrument called the saxophone and make it sound nice." Well, Minnie Monkey said, "But I don't know how to play the saxophone." And the deer said, "Deers can't play saxophones." But Lisa monkey said, "I actually do know how to play the saxophone. Saxophones are big gold instruments that you blow through and it makes a kind of whistling noise that goes but it sounds a little bit better than that."

And so Lisa told the troll to give her the saxophone. And the troll gave Lisa the saxophone. And Lisa blew through the saxophone and put her fingers on some holes just like you might do for a harmonica or for a whistle. And out of the saxophone came the nicest noise in the world. The nice noise wasn't a regular saxophone noise because this was a magic saxophone. Instead when Lisa the monkey started blowing on the golden saxophone the saxophone started singing a song that went "the wheels on the bus go round and round, round and round, round and round the wheels on the bus go round and round all through the town" and the troll said and the troll said "I have never seen a magic saxophone that could play Wheels on the Bus." And Lisa said, "Well, I'm a magical monkey."

And the troll told them that they could go past the troll bridge since they learned how to do the magical thing with the saxophone. So Lisa and Minnie the monkeys were riding their deer across the bridge. After they got across the bridge, they saw some unicorns and it started to smell like cupcake. Well, they were so happy that they got to cupcake land. When they got to Cupcake land, there was a special guard making sure that no bad animals could go in. And that guard was a mountain lion.

When the deer saw the mountain lion, the deer were afraid. But the mountain lion said, "Oh, I used to be friends with Minnie Monkey. And if you guys are friends with Minnie Monkey, then I could be friends with you too. And I'm actually a mountain lion who's friendly with deer." And so the deer weren't afraid of the mountain lion anymore. And the deer and the mountain lion and the monkeys decided to play a game where they all tried to pretend that sticks were swords and they tried to see who had the sword that was the sharpest. And they played. And then they found a ball and they kicked around the ball and they played soccer with monkeys and deer and a mountain lion. And they all lived happily ever after on the nice side of the rainbow. The end.