Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old boy whose name was Ruben. It was going to be Ruben's birthday party soon, and Ruben had a special idea for his birthday party. Usually, for birthday parties, kids get to have cake, and they could put candles in the cake that they could light on fire and then blow out when people sing Happy Birthday. While Ruben had a fun idea for his party, Ruben decided that he wanted to get glow-in-the-dark candles. And the candles would have a green flame, and they would look very different, and it would look really silly. And instead of blowing out regular candles on Ruben's cake, Ruben decided that he wanted to blow out green glow-in-the-dark candles.

So Ruben asked his mom, "Mom, can you get any glow-in-the-dark candles?" And Ruben's mom said, "Ruben, I looked in the store, but they did not have any glow-in-the-dark candles." So Ruben told his mom that they needed to go to a secret cave. And in the secret cave, there were blue glow-in-the-dark worms, and they would hang from the ceiling of the cave, and they would glow in the dark. And Ruben's mom said she never heard of glow-in-the-dark worms, but Ruben said, "Really? If you go to a special cave, you can see worms that glow in the dark, and those worms make a special kind of wax called wormwax. And that worm wax also glows in the dark." So Ruben told his mom that they needed to go on an adventure to a secret cave where there were glow-in-the-dark worms so that they could get the wormwax for his birthday cake.

The next day, Ruben got strapped into his car seat, and Ruben went with his mom to the secret cave. When they got into the secret cave, Ruben said that he was lucky because he brought his flashlight. And Ruben's mom told Ruben that he should point his flashlight in the cave and hold onto ropes so that he didn't fall down. And Ruben said, "Okay." And he turned his flashlight on, and he walked very carefully through the cave with his mom and they found so many glow worms. And the glow worms were, like, blue and green, and they had so much glow worm wax. And Ruben told his mom that they should put the glow worm wax in a plastic bag and they should carry it home. And Ruben's mom said, "Okay." And so Ruben and his mom got a lot of the glow worm glowy stuff, the glow worm wax, and they put it in a bag, and they went back in their car and drove back home.

Well, once they got home, Ruben told his mom that it was time to shape the glow worm wax into candles and that they needed to put some string inside of it so that there could be a wick and you could light the candles. And Ruben's mom helped Ruben shape the glow worm wax into candles and put string inside of it so that they could light the candle. Soon it was ready, and it was time for Ruben to have his birthday. When he had his birthday, everyone started to sing "Happy Birthday to you. Happy birthday to you," and they turned off the lights. And do you know what Ruben saw about his special candles? They glowed. They glowed in the dark. And do you know what else happened? What? They made the walls of the house and the ceiling have special glow-in-the-dark paint. Because when wax melts, little teensy pieces of wax go all over the air. And they got attached to the walls. And so, in Ruben's house, as he was blowing out the candles, all of the walls on his house were getting some glow-in-the-dark paint on them, and he blew out the candles. And so it was dark. But do you know what? Everyone could still see the glow-in-the-dark walls and the glow in the dark ceiling in his house.

So Ruben told his parents they needed to turn off all the lights in his house because they needed it to be so glow-in-the-dark for his birthday. They turned off all the lights. And Ruben saw that his cake glowed in the dark. And he was so happy. So he told his parents that they should cut him a piece of cake. And because he's the birthday boy, he should get the first piece of glow-in-the-dark birthday cake. And Ruben's mom gave him a piece, and Ruben got to eat it. And then, yeah, Ruben started to glow in the dark. And Ruben's mom ate some of the cake, and she started to glow in the dark. And Ruben's dad did, and he started to glow in the dark. And all of Ruben's friends came over, and they started to glow in the dark, too.

Well, Ruben told his parents that the only way they could stop glowing in the dark is if they went back into the cave where they found the glow-in-the-dark worms. And they said "Wing bonkabunk." And they sang "Winka dink bongabunk" to the worms. If you ever start singing to worms, you could see them move their bodies a little bit. They like to move and dance a little bit when you sing to worms. And so Ruben went in the cave and he was singing his "Winka donk sunk." And all of the worms started waving their bodies because they were hanging from the ceilings and waving their glow-in-the-dark bodies. And suddenly do you know what happened? What? A jaguar came – a jaguar is like a big kind of leopard. It's a big strong cat. They're not as big as lions, but they're bigger than leopards and they're so strong and sometimes they live in the rainforest. And Reuben realized that the jaguar was also glow-in-the-dark. So Ruben whispered to his mom and to all of his friends that were listening in the cave with him, he whispered, "This jaguar must have eaten up some glow worms."

And the jaguar was able to talk. And the jaguar said to Ruben, "Ruben, I'm a jaguar that lives secretly in this glow worm cave. And I recently had a birthday and I ate a birthday cake. And that's how I got glow-in-the-dark. And the way that I could stop being glow-in-the-dark and the way that you and all of your friends and your mom could stop being so glow-in-the-dark is we need the crayon dragon to come." And Reuben said, "Well, what's the crayon dragon?" And the jaguar told all of the kids to go in a circle. And Reuben and his friends went in a circle and the jaguar went to the middle of the circle and said, "Kids, everyone, I have a story to tell you." And the kids said, "What's the story?" And Ruben knew what the jaguar was going to say.

The jaguar said, "A long time ago, there was a special dragon named Driggy. And Driggy the dragon used to live in this cave. And Driggy the dragon used to eat crayons. That was his food. Kids shouldn't eat crayons. But Driggy the dragon, that's where he got his energy from. And Driggy the dragon was able to breathe fire that was the color of whatever crayon he ate. And they said that Driggy dragon's fire wasn't hot and that it felt like a blankie touching you. If Driggy dragon breathed his colorful crayon fire, it didn't feel hot." And so the jaguar told all of the kids that the crayon power made the glow-in-the-dark go away. And if they wanted the glow-in-the-dark to go away and come back a different time, they needed the dragon.

And then Ruben remembered something that he brought with him. Do you know what he might have brought with him? He brought some of the birthday cake, an extra piece. And he said, "Dragon. Jiggy dragon, do you want some birthday cake?" And do you know what loves birthday cake more than anything else? Dragons. So Drigy Dragon came running, and then Ruben did he just, without saying anything, have it just call it right up? Yeah. And Drigy Dragon gobbled it right up and then said that was dragon. Yummy. And Ruben told Driggy Dragon that they needed his crayon power and that he should breathe a safe kind of fire that's colorful to make the glow-in-the-dark go away a little bit. Because Ruben didn't want to be glow-in-the-dark during the daytime, only at night, because if you're glow-in-the-dark during the daytime, then it might be like too light next to you, and somebody might see and say, "Well, I could see, like under your shirt or something like that. It would be glow-in-the-dark."

And so Ruben had the dragon blow some of his magic crayon color fire, and the dragon made some red fire and green fire and blue fire. And all of the kids got not glow-in-the-dark during the day. And Ruben went home to his family and told them that he had a great adventure. And Ruben and his friends lived happily ever after. The end.