Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a blue birdie named Pinky. Pinky the blue birdie lived in a little birdhouse at the top of a tree. Inside the birdhouse was a cozy nest, and in the nest, Pinky kept a little blue egg. This blue egg was special because it was shiny. Most bird eggs are small and white, yellowish, pink, or a different color, but they're usually not shiny.

Pinky lived in this house with his shiny egg, and he was so curious about what would hatch from it. One day, as Pinky was sitting on his egg, he saw it hatch into a kitty cat instead of a regular birdie. Pinky was very curious about this because birdies usually don't have kitty cats, and kitty cats don't usually come from eggs. So, Pinky decided it was a magical kitty cat and chose to raise the kitty as his own.

Pinky the blue birdie flew down to the ground and found a little bottle of milk. He carried the bottle of milk in his beak and gave it to the kitty cat that hatched from the egg. The milk helped the kitty cat grow and stay strong. Sometimes the kitty cat would meow in the birdhouse in the tree. Whenever it meowed, the kitty would look out of the birdhouse and try to see if it could climb the tree.

One day, the kitty got big enough to climb down the tree. When kitty cats climb down trees, it's better for them to go down backward. Not all kitty cats know that. This was just a baby kitty cat, so it didn't climb down the tree the right way. The kitty cat fell, but just as it was falling, Pinky the birdie came to the rescue and saved the day. Pinky caught the baby kitty cat that came out of the shiny egg and gently let the kitty cat down on the ground.

When they were on the ground, they looked through some tall grass because Pinky was hungry for some worms, and birds like to eat worms. Just as Pinky the birdie was hunting for a worm, a green snake came through the grass. It was hard for Pinky the blue birdie to see the snake, but the kitty cat saw it. The snake started slithering and hissing, going right towards Pinky. It looked like the snake might want to be mean to Pinky. The kitty cat came to save the day. When the snake got too close, the kitty cat hissed, and that scared the snake away.

The snake could talk! It told the kitty cat that it wasn't really trying to be mean; it just wanted to see what was on the other side of the grass. The kitty cat told Pinky the birdie that the snake wasn't really trying to eat Pinky. It was just trying to see if there was a treasure on the other side of the grass. The kitty cat asked the snake if they could hunt for the treasure together. The snake agreed. So Pinky the birdie, the kitty cat, and the snake started going across the grass.

As they got across the grass, they saw a toy in the middle of some mud. The toy looked like a police car, but instead of having a siren, it had an arm made of plastic. Pinky the birdie picked it up with his beak, and the snake wrapped it up and put it in some water to clean off the toy. Do you know what it was? It was a police car that could transform into a doggie! That's why it had an extra doggy leg.

There was a button on the transforming police car. The kitty cat was the first to press the button. When he pressed the button, the police car pieces moved, and the wheels went inside the police car's body. The police car transformed into a doggie with doggie eyes and a long doggie nose. 

The doggie asked if they wanted to be friends. The kitty cat, Pinky the birdie, and the snake agreed that they should all be friends. Just then, the doggie's mouth started to smell because it had eaten so many yummy things with lots of sugar. Pinky told the doggie that he would share a toothbrush from his birdhouse. Pinky flew up to the birdhouse and got a toothbrush so they could clean the doggie's teeth. After they cleaned the doggie's teeth, they all started feeling better.

They played a game where all of the animals would go on a log floating in the lake. Some of the animals took turns balancing on the log, while others swam in the lake and paddled next to the log. Pinky, the birdie, and the kitty went on the log. The kitty cat didn't like to get wet, so it stayed on the log, and they all had so much fun.

Pinky the birdie asked the kitty cat why it didn't want to go in the water. The kitty cat said, "Because kitty cats don't like to get wet. It doesn't feel nice for them." Pinky said, "Okay." After they finished playing in the lake, the doggie transformed back into a police car and made siren noises. They all pretended to be police and had so much fun.

Pinky, the kitty cat, the snake, and the doggie that transformed into a police car had so much fun that day. They decided to be great friends and play with each other every day from then on. They played so much and had so much fun, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.

Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they'll like it.