Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a blue birdie whose name was Pinky. Pinky the blue birdie lived in a little birdhouse that was in the top of a tree. The little birdhouse had a nest inside of it. Inside the nest, Pinky the birdie who was blue, kept a little blue egg. The blue egg was a special egg because it was shiny. Most bird eggs are just little and white or a little yellowish or pink or a different color, but usually, they are not so shiny.

Bluey lived in this house, in this treehouse with his shiny egg, and he was so curious about what it would hatch into. One day, when Bluey was sitting on his egg, he saw that the egg hatched and instead of a regular birdie, it hatched into a kitty cat. Well, Pinky was very curious about this because birdies usually can't give birth to kitty cats and kitty cats usually don't come from eggs. So, Pinky decided that it was a magical kitty cat and decided to raise the kitty cat as his own.

Pinky the blue birdie flew down to the bottom and found a little bottle of milk and carried the bottle of milk in her beak to get up and gave the kitty cat, who hatched from her egg some milk. The milk helped the kitty cat grow and stay strong. Sometimes the kitty cat would meow in the birdhouse in the tree. Whenever it would meow, the kitty would look out at the birdhouse and try to see if it could climb the tree.

One day, the kitty got big enough that it could climb down the tree. When kitty cats climb down trees, it's better for them to go down backwards. Not all kitty cats know that. This was just a baby kitty cat, so it didn't climb down the tree the right way. The kitty cat fell, but just as it was falling through the air, Pinky the birdie came to the rescue and saved the day. Pinky the birdie caught the baby kitty cat that came out of the shiny egg. After Pinky the birdie caught the kitty cat that came out of the shiny egg, she let the kitty cat go down softly and gently on the ground.

When they were on the ground, they were looking through some tall grass because Pinky was hungry for some worms, and birds like to eat worms. Just as Pinky the birdie was hunting for a worm, there was a snake that came through the grass, and the snake was green. It was so hard for Pinky the blue birdie to see. But do you know who saw the snake? The kitty cat. The kitty cat looked at the snake, and the snake started slithering and hissing and going right towards Pinky. It looked like the snake might want to be mean to Pinky. The kitty cat came to save the day. When the snake started getting too close, the kitty cat hissed, and that scared away the snake.

The snake was able to talk. The snake told the kitty cat that it wasn't really trying to be mean. It just wanted to see what was on the other side of the grass. The kitty cat told Pinky the birdie that the snake was not really trying to eat Pinky the birdie. It was just trying to see if there was a treasure on the other side of the grass. The kitty cat asked the snake if they could hunt for the treasure together. The snake said, okay. So Pinky the birdie, the kitty cat, and the snake started going across the grass.

As they got across the grass, they saw that there was a toy. The toy was in the middle of some mud. The toy looked like a police car a little bit. But instead of having a siren, it looked like there was an arm on it. Not a person's arm, but an arm made of Lego or some toy material, like plastic. Pinky the birdie picked it up with his little birdie beak. The snake wrapped it up, and the snake put it in some water to clean off the toy. Do you know what it was? It was a police car that could transform into a doggie. That's why it had an extra doggy leg.

There was a button on the transforming police car. The kitty cat was the first to press the button. When he pressed the button, the police car pieces moved in different places, and the wheels went inside the police car's body. You could see the police car's eyes and the police car's nose and mouth. It became a doggie because the nose was kind of long, and it looked like a doggie's nose. It wasn't a person's eyes; it was a doggie's eyes. The police car transformed into a doggie.

The doggie asked if they wanted to be their friends. The kitty cat, Pinky the birdie, and the snake said they should all be friends. Just as they did that, one of them started to smell because their mouth had so much sugar in it and they had eaten so many yummy things, and that was the doggie. Pinky told the doggie that it would share a toothbrush that it had in its birdhouse. Pinky flew up to the birdhouse and got a toothbrush so they could clean the doggie's teeth because it had too much sugar on it. It was starting to hurt the doggie.

After they cleaned up the doggie's teeth, they all started feeling better and they started to play a game where all of the animals would go on a log that's a part of a tree that was floating in the lake. Some of the animals would take turns balancing on the log, and some of the animals would swim in the lake and paddle right next to the log. Pinky, the birdie, and the kitty went on the log. The kitty cat didn't like to get wet, so it stayed on the log, and they all had so much fun.

Pinky the birdie was curious why the kitty cat didn't want to go in the water. The kitty cat said, "Because kitty cats don't like to get so wet. It doesn't feel nice for them." Pinky said, "Okay." After they were done playing in the lake, the doggie transformed back into a police car and it started to go woo, woo, woo. They all pretended that they were being police. They had so much fun.

Pinky, the kitty cat, the snake, and the doggie that transformed into a police car had so much fun that day. They decided to be such good friends and play with each other from then on every day in the future. They started playing so much and had so much fun and lived happily ever after. The end.

Tell all your friends to listen to makeup because they like it.