Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from my sons, Jonah and Jesse, who asked for us to make up a story about a birdie, a toothbrush and a police car that transforms. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a blue birdie whose name was Pinky. And Pinky the blue birdie lived in a little birdhouse that was in the top of a tree. The little birdhouse had a nest inside of it. And inside the nest, Pinky the birdie who was blue, kept a little blue egg. And the blue egg was a special egg because it was shiny. Most bird eggs are just little and white or a little yellowish or pink or a different color, but usually they are not so shiny. Bluey lived in this house, in this treehouse with his shiny egg, and he was so curious what it would hatch into. One day, when Bluey was sitting on his egg, he saw that the egg hatched and instead of a regular birdie, it hatched into a kitty cat. Well, Pinky was very curious about this because birdies usually can't give birth to kitty cats and kitty cats usually don't come from eggs. And so Pinky decided that it was a magical kitty cat and decided to raise the kitty cat as his own. And Pinky the blue Birdie flew down to the bottom and found a little bottle of milk and carried the bottle of milk in her beak to get up and gave the kitty cat, who hatched from her egg some milk. And that milk helped the kitty cat grow and stay strong. And sometimes the kitty cat would meow in the birdhouse in the tree. And whenever it would meow, the kitty would look out at the birdhouse and it would try to see if it could climb the tree. One day, the kitty got big enough that it could climb down the tree. When kitty cats climb down trees, it's better for them to go down backwards. Not all kitty cats know that. And this was just a baby kitty cat, so it didn't climb down the tree the right way. And the kitty cat fell just as it was falling through the air. Pinky the birdie came to the rescue and saved the day. Pinky the birdie caught the baby kitty cat that came out of the shiny egg. After Pinky the birdie caught the kitty cat that came out of the shiny egg, she let the kitty cat go down softly and gently on the ground. When they were going on the ground, they were looking through some tall grass because Pinky was hungry for some worms, and birds like to eat worms. Well, just as Pinky the birdie was hunting for a worm, there was a snake that came through the grass, and the snake was green. And it was so hard for Pinky the blue birdie to see. But do you know who saw the snake? The kitty cat. And the kitty cat looked at the snake, and the snake started slithering and hissing and going right towards Pinky. And it looked like the snake might want to be mean to Pinky. And the kitty cat came to save the day. And when the snake started getting too close, the kitty cat said, and that scared away the snake. And the snake was able to talk. And the snake told the kitty cat that it wasn't really trying to be mean. It just wanted to see what was on the other side of the grass. And so the kitty cat told Pinky the birdie that the snake was not really trying to eat Pinky the birdie. It was just trying to see if there was a treasure on the other side of the grass. And the kitty cat asked the snake if they could hunt for the treasure together. And the snake said, okay. So Pinky the birdie and the kitty cat and the snake started going across the grass. And as they got across the grass, they saw that there was a toy. And the toy was in middle of some mud. And the toy looked like a police car a little bit. But instead of having a siren, it looked like there was an arm on it. Not a person arm, but an arm made of Lego or some toy material, like plastic. And Pinky the birdie picked it up with his little birdie beak. And when it got out of the mud, the snake wrapped it up, and the snake put it in some water to clean off the toy. And do you know what it was? It was a police car that could transform into a doggie. And that's why it had an extra doggy leg. And there was a button on the transforming police car. And the kitty cat was the first to press the button. And when he pressed the button, the police car pieces moved in different places, and the wheels went inside the police car's body. And you can see the police car's eyes and the police car's nosy and mouth. And it became a doggie because the nosy was kind of it looked like a doggie's nosy that's long. And it wasn't a person's eyes. It was doggie's eyes. And so the police car transformed into a doggie. And the doggie asked if they wanted to be their friends. And the kitty cat and Pinky the birdie and the snake said they should all be friends. And just as they did that, one of them started to smell because their mouth had so much sugar in it and they had eaten so many yummy things, and that was the doggie. And so Pinky told the doggie that it would share a toothbrush that it had in its birdhouse. And it flew up to the birdhouse and got a toothbrush so they could clean the doggie's teeth because it had too much sugar on it. And it was starting to hurt the doggie. After they cleaned up the doggie's teeth, they all started feeling better and they started to play a game where all of the animals would go on a log that's a part of a tree that was floating in the lake. And some of the animals would take turns balancing on the log, and some of the animals would swim in the lake and paddle right next to the log. And Pinky, the birdie kitty, went on the log. Yeah. And the kitty cat didn't like to get wet, so it stayed on the log, and they all had so much fun. And Pinky, did they ask why didn't Katie want to go in the water? Yes. And Pinky, the birdie was curious why the kitty cat didn't want to go in the water. And the kitty cat said, because kitty cats don't like to get so wet. It doesn't feel nice for them. And Pinky said, okay. And after they were done playing in the lake, the doggie transformed back into a police car and it started to go woo, woo, woo. And all of them pretended that they were being police. And they had so much fun. And Pinky and the kitty cat and the snake and the doggie that transformed into a police car had so much fun that day. And they decided to be such good friends and play with each other from then and there every day in the future. And they started playing so much and had so much fun and lived happily ever after. The End tell all your friends. Listen to listen to makeup because they like it.