Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime womb is I am Addie. I'm five and a quarter. I want. I'm from Portland, Oregon. I want a story about a magic dinosaur that can turn into anything. I'm a unicorn. And what's your name? I'm Lucy. How old are you? Free. What do you want in your story? Turn into a unicorn. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old girl whose name is Addie and who has a three year old sister named Lucy. And Addie and Lucy live in there's fire trucks outside. And Addie and Lucy live in Portland, Oregon. And Addie and Lucy asked for us to make up a story that includes a magic dinosaur that can turn into anything and a unicorn and a magical swing that can also turn into a unicorn or anything. But we already said unicorn. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two girls named Addie and Lucy. Every day in the morning, Addie and Lucy's mom made some eggs for breakfast. And sometimes Addie and Lucy's mom allowed Addie and Lucy to help scramble the eggs. And sometimes they even got to mix it around in the pan. Well, this morning was a very special morning, because when Addie and Lucy got out of bed for breakfast, addie and Lucy saw that there was an egg that was waiting for them to crack. And they took the egg out of the egg carton, and they picked it up, and with their mama's help, they banged it against something and the egg broke. But instead of a regular egg stuff coming out of the egg with a yellow yolk and the white stuff, what really happened is a baby dinosaur came out of the egg. And the baby dinosaur was green, and it had green wings, and it had a long green face with big dinosaur teeth. And the baby dinosaur yawned, and he said, Addie, Lucy, thanks for setting me free. I was stuck in that chicken egg. And the chicken egg was like, caging me in the whole time, but I was really a baby dinosaur egg. And Addie and Lucy said, mom, you're not going to believe it, but we were trying to make scrambled eggs. And when we cracked open this egg, we really found a dinosaur. And Addie and Lucy's mom came right over to the bowl where they were cracking the eggs, and she saw that there really was a little green flying dinosaur that could turn into anything. And the little green dinosaur that could turn into anything said to Addie and Lucy, my name is Denny. And Denny the dinosaur was a very special dinosaur who could help them do whatever they wanted. So if kids wanted help, like to grab a plate, then guess who helped Denny the dinosaur? He flew up and grabbed the plate for a kid. Or if the kids wanted some orange juice, do you know who helped? What? Denny the dinosaur helped pour them some orange juice. Or if a kid just wanted somebody to go to the store and get a cake, guess who helped them. What? Denny the dinosaur. And Denny the Dinosaur was able to do more than just fly. Denny the Dinosaur had a special trick. When Denny the Dinosaur ate pink sugar, denny the Dinosaur could change into anything that you wanted. And the rule was, Addie had to say what she wanted Denny the Dinosaur to turn into. And then Denny the Dinosaur would eat pink Sugar, and Denny the Dinosaur would turn into that thing. And so Addie and Lucy poured some pink sugar on a plate, and Denny the green dinosaur with wings flew on top of the plate, and Denny the Dinosaur started to eat the pink sugar. And do you know what happened to Denny the Dinosaur? What? Dinny the Dinosaur turned into a unicorn. And Denny the Dinosaur looked like a horsey, but he had, like, a big horn coming out of the middle of his head. And Denny the Dinosaur was rainbow colored, and Denny the Dinosaur had, like, unicorn wings. And Dinny the Dinosaur became a unicorn that had not regular unicorn legs, but magic wands for legs. And so the unicorn was so magical. Instead of having regular unicorn legs, its legs were magic wands. And this unicorn was walking around Addie and Lucy's kitchen and saying, I want Oatmeal. I want oatmeal. And so addie and Lucy said, wait. We could get you oatmeal. And just as Addie and Lucy said, we could get you Oatmeal, the unicorn went all the way to their bathroom, turned on the bathtub, and do you know what came out of the bathtub? What? Oatmeal. And Oatmeal came out of the bathtub. And the entire bath got full of Oatmeal. They dived in to drink to eat it, and Addie and Lucy and the unicorn, which used to be the dinosaur, jumped into the Oatmeal bath, and they started to eat it, and they thought it was so yummy. But then do you know what happened? The whole bathtub got attached to a rope on both sides, and then the rope was attached to a tree on top of the house, and suddenly a tornado came, and it blew away the whole house. But luckily, the unicorn was still in the bathtub with Addie and Lucy and their mom, and everyone was safe. And the bathtub became a swing, and the bathtub had the unicorn in it. Addie was in it. Lucy was in it. It was full of Oatmeal, and it was now a swing that was attached to a big, big tree, and it was able to rock back and forth. And it was such a fun swing that different magical animals started to come. For example, there were magical butterflies, and there were also magical birds that had helicopter propellers instead of wings. And there were fireflies, which were able to light up with ice instead of fire. And there were all sorts of special magical animals that were flying by as Addie and Lucy's oatmeal filled bathtub was swinging about in the sky with the unicorn. And then Addie and Lucy said, unicorn, could you make our house reappear again? Because we didn't like it when the tornado took it away because all our toys are gone. And the unicorn turned into a weatherman, and the weatherman said, good weather come back. And the good weather came back, and their house started to build all by itself. And all the toys got back in Addie and Lucy's house, and the bathtub got back where it was supposed to be. And Addie and Lucy got out of the bathtub, and their mom said, what were you guys doing in there? And they told their mom about the story of how the unicorn went in the bath with them, and there was oatmeal in it, and a tornado blew away the rest of the house. And Addie and Lucy's mom said, that was so special. And then Addie and Lucy decided to ask their magical green dinosaur not to be a unicorn anymore, but to just turn into a kitty cat. And the green dinosaur turned into a kitty cat, and they decided to keep the kitty cat as their pet. And Addie and Lucy, from then and there, had a kitty cat pet that was the softest, cuddliest, cutest, friendliest kitty cat in the whole world. And Addie and Lucy lived happily ever after. The end. To tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.