Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was DAX. It was Dax's birthday, and right in front of the door to Dax's house, there was a big box that had wrapping paper on it, and there was also a ribbon. And DAX opened the door to his house, and he saw the gift, the toy that had wrapping paper around it and a ribbon also around it. And DAX picked up the box with the wrapping paper, and he brought it inside his house, and he said, "Mom, dad, can I open my present for my birthday?" And Dax's mom and dad said that he could. 

So DAX started grabbing the gift paper and trying the gift wrapping and trying to open the box, and he pulled off all of the gift wrapping, and he got a butter knife to open the box. And he opened up the box, and inside, he saw a glow in the dark watch. And the glow in the dark watch had a little dial, a little thing that you could turn on the side. And DAX picked up the watch, and he asked his mom and dad if they turned the lights off, if it would really look green. And his parents said yes. 

So DAX turned the lights off to his whole house, and his mom got the birthday cake out, and she put some candles in it. And then when the house was dark, Dax's mom lit the candles on the birthday cake, and she started to sing "Happy Birthday to you," and she sang the whole Happy Birthday song while it was dark. And DAX could see that there were little candles that had fires on top of them, and also that his watch, which was now on his wrist, was glowing in the dark. 

Well, DAX blew out all of the candles, and suddenly it was pitch black, and nobody could see anything. And when it was pitch black, DAX could feel that his watch was moving on his wrist a little bit and that the little arrow on the watch was turning very quickly. And the big arrow was also turning quickly. And DAX realized that the watch that he got for his birthday present might have become magical while he blew the candles out and made a wish. And the wish that DAX made was to go back in time to see what it was like when the dinosaurs were alive. And that's why his watch was moving in the wrong direction and the arrows were turning so fast, because they weren't going forward in time. DAX and his parents were going all the way back in time to the time when there were dinosaurs. 

Suddenly, Dax's house disappeared because they got so far back in time. It was before the builders built the house that DAX lives in in Florida. And they saw that they were outside, and they saw that there were dinosaurs, and the dinosaurs were so big. And DAX told his parents that his magic watch really did work like a time machine, and they really were back in time. And the dinosaurs that DAX saw were furry dinosaurs. Most dinosaurs that lived in the olden days were big and had big teeth and were kind of scary. But a lot of the dinosaurs that DAX saw had, like, tails on them, and they were furry, and it almost looked like kitty cat dinosaurs. 

There were some kitty cat dinosaurs that DAX saw that had wings, and the wings had fur on them. And the kitty cat dinosaurs were able to flap their wings, and they could fly a little bit like a duck or a chicken, but they couldn't fly as high as an eagle or a really good bird. And DAX also saw that there were kinds of dinosaurs that were shaped like snakes. And snake dinosaurs looked a little bit like lizards because they had teensy, tiny legs. And the snake dinosaurs always loved to dress up in special polka dot dresses, and they would say, "Look at me. Look at me." And they were such silly snake dinosaurs. 

In the olden days, there was a kind of fish dinosaur that could fly through the air and didn't need to just breathe underwater because there are certain kinds of animals like froggies, which could live in both air and the water. And the fish dinosaurs from the olden days were like those kinds of dinosaurs. There was a little blue dinosaur that looked like a soccer ball but had legs on different parts. And he also had a head that came out of the soccer ball. And the little dinosaur rolled over to DAX and his parents and said, "Are you guys dinosaurs?" And DAX told the soccer ball dinosaur that they were people and that they traveled back in time using his magic glow in the dark watch, which they were thinking of making a wish while DAX was blowing on his birthday cake candles. 

And the soccer ball dinosaur told DAX that he loves to eat grass, but that there was no grass there. And DAX told him that his magic watch might be able to make some grass. And DAX started telling the dinosaur that he needed to turn the green power on for his magic watch. And DAX looked at the magic watch, and it started to glow bright green. And DAX started to turn the knob on the watch, and he said, "Poof poof cadoof." And suddenly there were so much green grass that started to grow. And the dinosaur that looked a little bit like a soccer ball told DAX that he was so happy because this kind of dinosaur loves to eat grass. 

And DAX told the dinosaur that it was magic grass and it was magic because his watch, his glow in the dark watch, helped make it. And the dinosaur said, "Is it yummy?" And DAX said it was. And the dinosaur started bending down and putting his dinosaur mouth right on the ground next to the grass. And when he started to try to eat all of the grass, the grass turned into white dandelions. And the dinosaur tried to take a bite of them, and all of the white stuff started to blow all over. But the dinosaur got a little bite, and it tasted like ice cream. And DAX told the dinosaur that it tasted like ice cream because it was magic grass. 

And the dinosaur that looked like a soccer ball told DAX, "Thank you so much for making magic grass." And Dax's parents told DAX that it was getting late and that they should probably go back to their house in the future. So DAX told his parents not to worry and that they needed to hold on to his hand while he used his new magic glow in the dark watch to make them go back into the future, into their regular house in Florida where they lived and had special happy lives. So Dax's parents held his hands, and DAX looked at his glow in the dark watch and he turned the dial, and he said, "Avra kedavra." And suddenly, the watch's arrows started to turn and turn and turn. This time they turned forward. 

And when DAX opened his eyes and his parents opened their eyes, they were back in their regular house in Florida. And DAX told his parents that his magic glow in the dark watch, which let them go backwards and forwards in time was the best birthday gift he ever received. And all the kids that lived near DAX always wanted to see his special glow in the dark watch. And DAX and his family lived happily ever after. The end.