Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Jack. One morning, Jack's mom was cooking him a super yummy special breakfast. Jack heard that there was going to be a tornado, and it was going to be very windy. "What happens if the house blows down? Could that happen?" In the tornado, there were going to be millions of butterflies all caught and spinning around. Jack asked, "Mom, what if the tornado comes close to our house and the house blows down?" His mom replied, "Well, how about we figure out how to make the tornado go away?"

Jack had an idea. He told his mom that they needed to get a really fast sports car. So, Jack and his mom went to the store and bought the fastest sports car they could find. "Would the sports car blow away?" Jack wondered, "But, mom, what if the sports car blows away when the tornado comes?" Jack reassured his mom, "Actually, we don't have to worry about that, because I have a good idea." They drove the sports car back to their house.

Jack told his mom that they needed to call a tow truck driver to put the sports car on its side. The tow truck driver came, and the tow truck picked up the sports car and put it on its side. Jack explained, "So the tornado just blows it onto the wiggle away. We'll see, bud." Jack then told his mom that they were going to blow away the tornado by putting a really big fan on one of the wheels of the sports car. If the tornado blew one way, they would make the fan blow the other way.

The tornado got closer and closer, spinning round and round. Jack told his mom to put the keys in the sports car, and she did. Then someone pressed the gas. The fans that Jack put on the wheels of the car, which were really big fans, started turning and turning the other way. The strong sports car, which was so fast, blew the tornado away when it got too close. That's why Jack needed to get the fastest sports car.

Everyone in Canberra, Australia, was so happy that Jack made the tornado go away with his race car fan invention. They all told Jack that he did a good job. Many people started asking Jack, "Where did the tornado come from? Why did it get windy?" Someone suggested, "Maybe the wind comes from the trees because when the trees blow, it's very windy." Jack said he wasn't sure if that was the right answer. He told the person that he was going to team up with a scientist and a detective, and he would bring a magnifying glass to figure out where the wind and tornado came from.

Jack told his mom that he was ready to go on an adventure with a scientist and a detective and that he would bring his magnifying glass. His mom agreed. Jack, his mom, the scientist, and the detective went to a helicopter that landed in a field near Jack's house. They all got on board the helicopter, and the pilot asked, "Is everyone ready to take off?" Jack said yes. The helicopter went into the air, flying so high. Jack asked one of the scientists, "Did you figure out where the wind comes from?" The scientist replied, "Negative." Jack said, "Copy that."

Jack asked the detective, "Did you figure out where the wind comes from?" The detective said, "Well, it can't come from the trees and the leaves, which is what I thought because up here, there are no trees and leaves, and it's still windy." Jack wondered, "How are we going to figure out where the wind comes from?" Then he had an idea: "Wait, how about I use some binoculars to look around?" Jack picked up a pair of binoculars from the helicopter and started looking through them.

Through the binoculars, Jack saw lots of flying dinosaurs living on top of the clouds. The flying dinosaurs would sneeze, and when many of them sneezed, it made a lot of wind. If just one or two flying dinosaurs sneezed, then it was just a little bit of wind. That's where wind really comes from.

The scientist looked through the binoculars and saw that it really was a flying dinosaur. Jack said they should tell the flying dinosaurs not to make any more tornadoes because even though they had his sports car fan invention, it's still not good to have so many tornadoes and for it to be so windy. The scientist and detective agreed.

Jack told the helicopter pilot and his mom that he brought some special camouflage clothing and that he was going to dress up as a monkey. When he was dressed up as a monkey, the helicopter would go so high in the air all the way up to where the dinosaurs were. The other people in the helicopter would hide, and the dinosaur would just see Jack the monkey, not regular Jack, because Jack was wearing a monkey costume. Jack the monkey could maybe talk dinosaur languages because people can't talk dinosaur language, but monkeys are good at that because they say so.

Jack's mom, the helicopter pilot, the detective, and the scientist hid in the helicopter as it went higher and higher in the air, all the way to where there were so many flying dinosaurs that were sneezing, making it so windy. Jack, dressed up as a monkey, opened up the helicopter door. He was wearing his seatbelt so he couldn't fall out, and he said, in dinosaur monkey language, "Sneeze hatchu." That made the dinosaurs realize that they were sneezing too much over Canberra, Australia, and that's what made the tornado. The dinosaur said, which meant, "I'm sorry." Jack told the dinosaur that it's okay.

Jack told the pilot that they could go back to Canberra, Australia, and the dinosaurs wouldn't sneeze so much to make so much wind. The pilot agreed. Jack, the pilot, Jack's mom, the detective, and the scientist flew the helicopter back to the field near Jack's house. Jack got out, and there was a big parade of people and kids waiting for him and cheering because from then on, there were no more tornadoes. Jack and his family lived happily ever after. The end.