Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Audrey. Made Up Stories is the best podcast ever. Hi, my name is Jake, and I'm five years old. I'm from Campbell, Australia, and I would like a story about a flying dime. Saw a monkey in the camouflage person. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Jack, who lives in Canberra, Australia, and who turns six years old today on March 26. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Jack. Happy birthday, Jack. And Jack asked for us to make up a story that includes a flying dinosaur, a monkey, and a camouflage person. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Jack. It was morning time, and Jack's mom was cooking Jack some extra yummy special breakfast. And Jack heard that there was going to be a tornado, and the tornado was going to be so windy. What happens if the house blows down? Could that happen? And in the tornado, there were going to be millions of butterflies all caught and spinning in the tornado. And Jack said, mom, what if the tornado comes close to our house and the house blows down? And Jack's mom said, well, how about we figure out how to make the tornado go away? And so Jack decided that he had an idea. He told his mom that they needed to go get a really fast sports car. And so Jack and his mom went to the store, and at the car store, they bought the fastest sports car they could get, except me. Would the sports car blow away? And then Jack said, But, mom, what if the sports car blows away when the tornado comes? And Jack told his mom, actually, we don't have to worry about that, because I have a good idea. And they drove the sports car to Jack's house. And then Jack told his mom that they needed to call a tow truck driver to put the sports car on its side. And then the tow truck driver came, and the tow truck picked up the sports car and put it on the side. And Jack could see. I get it. Maybe. So the tornado just blows it onto the wiggle away. We'll see, bud. So Jack then told his mom that the way they're going to blow away the tornado is they're going to put a really big fan on one of the wheels of the sports car. And if the tornado blows one way, they're going to make the fan blow the other way. And so the tornado got closer and closer, and it was spinning round and round. And then Jack told his mom to put the keys in the sports car, and Jack's mom put the keys in, and then somebody pressed the gas. And the fans that Jack put on the wheels of the car, which were really big fans, started turning and turning the other way. And when the Tornado got too close because it was such a strong sports car, which was so fast, it blew the Tornado away. And that is why Jack needed to get the fastest sports car. Everyone who lived in Canberra, Australia, was so happy that Jack got the Tornado to go away with his race car fan invention. And so everyone told Jack that he did a good job. And then a lot of people started asking Jack, where did the Tornado come from? Why did it get windy? And first somebody said, maybe the wind comes from the trees, because when the trees blow, it's very windy. And Jack said that he wasn't sure if that's the right answer. And he told the person that he was going to team up with a scientist and a detective, and he was going to bring a magnifying glass, and he was going to figure out where the wind and tornado came from. Well, Jack started to tell his mom that he was ready to go on the adventure with a scientist and a detective and that he was going to bring his magnifying glass. So his mom said, okay. And then Jack and his mom and the scientist and also the detective went in a helicopter that landed in a field near Jack's house. And Jack got on board the helicopter, and the helicopter pilot said, is everyone ready to take off? And Jack said yes. And they went in the helicopter, and the helicopter went in the air, and it was flying so high. And Jack asked one of the scientists, did you figure out where the wind comes from? And the scientist said, negative. And Jack said, Copy that. And then Jack asked the detective, did you figure out where the wind comes from? And the detective said, well, it can't come from the trees and the leaves, which is what I thought, because up here, there's no trees and leaves, and it's still windy. So Jack said, well, how are we going to figure out where the wind comes from? And then Jack said, wait, how about I use some binoculars to look around? And Jack picked up a pair of binoculars, which were in the helicopter, and he started looking through the binoculars. And when he started looking through the binoculars, he saw that there were lots of flying dinosaurs, and the flying dinosaurs lived on top of the clouds, and the flying dinosaurs would sneeze. And when a lot of flying dinosaurs sneezed, that made a lot of wind. And if just one or two flying dinosaurs sneezed, then it was just a little bit of wind and the flying dinosaurs in the sky. That's where wind really comes from. And the scientist looked through the binoculars, and he saw that it really was a flying dinosaur. But Jack said we should tell the flying dinosaurs not to make any more tornadoes, because even though we have my sports car fan invention, it's still not good to have so many tornadoes and for it to be so windy. And the scientist and detective said, that's a good idea. So Jack told the helicopter pilot and his mom that he brought some special camouflage clothing and that he was going to dress up as a monkey. And when he was dressed up as a monkey, the helicopter would go so high in the air all the way up to where the dinosaurs were, and then the other people in the helicopter would hide, and the dinosaur would just see Jack the monkey, not regular Jack, because Jack was wearing a monkey costume. And then Jack the monkey could maybe talk dinosaur languages because people can't talk dinosaur language, but monkeys are good at that because they say so. Jack's mom and the helicopter pilot and also the detective and the scientist hid in the helicopter as the helicopter went higher and higher in the air, all the way to where there were so many flying dinosaurs that were sneezing, and that was making it so windy. And then Jack, who was dressed up as a monkey, opened up the helicopter door. He was wearing his seatbelt so he couldn't fall out, and he said, in dinosaur monkey language, sneeze hatchu. And that made the dinosaurs realize that they were sneezing too much over Canberra, Australia, and that's what made the tornado. And the dinosaur said, which meant, I'm sorry. And Jack told the dinosaur that it's okay. And then Jack told the pilot that they could go back to Canberra, Australia, and the dinosaurs wouldn't sneeze so much to make so much wind. And the pilot said, okay. So Jack and the pilot and Jack's mom and the detective and the scientist flew the helicopter all the way back to the field near Jack's house. And Jack got out, and there was a big parade of people and kids waiting for him and cheering, because from then and there, there were no more tornadoes. And Jack and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Hi. Thank you for listening to Makeup story. Tell all your friends to listen to Makeup stories. Thank you.