Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Annie. Annie had a special superpower: all kinds of cats, big or small, loved to be her friends. They always wanted to do what Annie said. One day, when Annie and her family were visiting Africa, they found a lion. Lions are big cats, and this lion saw that Annie had magic powers. The lion came right up to Annie and asked if he could go back to her house in Dallas, Texas, with her.

Annie didn't know if lions could go on airplanes, so she asked her parents. Her dad said the lion was too big and scary to go on the airplane. But then Annie's mom had an idea. Instead of taking an airplane from Africa to Dallas, Texas, they could take a hot air balloon. Lions are allowed in hot air balloons, and they can travel over the seas, across different islands on adventures all the way to Dallas, Texas.

The next day, they were off. The lion followed Annie and her family, and it gave Annie a ride to the hot air balloon takeoff location. The takeoff location was near a little lake. In the lake, there were baby mermaids jumping up and down. There were also colorful frogs with pink dots on them. Some frogs had rainbow-colored eyes, and some had tongues so long they could catch a fly from 10 feet away. Annie and the lion rode up to the biggest hot air balloon. Annie's parents asked the hot air balloon captain if they could go for a ride to Dallas, Texas with the lion. The captain asked Annie if the lion would behave, and Annie said it would. They showed the lion how to get on the hot air balloon, and it was a big one, so there was enough space. Annie and her family went with the captain, and they launched off next to the lake where the baby mermaids were swimming and the colorful frogs were catching flies.

They went up in the air past some clouds until they saw a storm coming. The storm was made of cotton candy clouds, but it was a serious storm because it rained sugar. Sugar is yummy, but you don't want it to get all over because it could be sticky. They definitely did not want the hot air balloon to go through that storm.

So the captain told Annie they needed to land somewhere else. Annie got out her binoculars, looked around, and saw a mountain made of blue rocks in the distance. The mountain was shiny, so she pointed it out to the captain. The hot air balloon turned towards the blue mountain, and they sailed away from the sugar storm and the cotton candy clouds.

When they got closer to the blue mountain, they saw it wasn't made of stone. It was blue because it was made of gum. It wasn't really a mountain, but a gumdrop house. It was a blue gumdrop house, and it was the biggest house in the world. The house was so big, it was the size of a whole mountain. Even from far away on a hot air balloon, you could still see it with binoculars. On top of the gumdrop house, there were colorful parrots carrying gumballs. When a kid on the street had a quarter, they would roll it, and a parrot would bring down a gumball for the kid. That's what happened next to the blue gumdrop house that was as big as a mountain.

The hot air balloon captain landed in front of the blue gumdrop house. Annie, the lion, and her parents got off the balloon. When they got off, the lion saw an emergency. An adventurer named Ridley Jones was trying to protect the Gum Drop house. But on the other side of the house, there was a big rope pulling the whole gumdrop house towards the ocean. Annie, her parents, and the lion didn't want the huge Gum Drop house to be pulled away.

Annie started to hold the Gum Drop House with all her might, but she wasn't strong enough, even though she was almost six. Annie's parents held onto the house too, but it was too big even for two grown-ups. The hot air balloon captain also held on, but it was still too big. Then the lion saw they needed help. He grabbed a rope and, using his mighty roar, pulled the Gum Drop house back to where it should be on the land. The lion was so strong, it was impossible to pull the house away.

Ridley Jones came out of the Gum Drop house and thanked Annie, the lion, her parents, and the hot air balloon captain. Ridley said the house was a sticker factory, where kids could draw on the walls and make designs. Then a monkey would give them a picture of their design. Annie loved the inside of the Gum Drop house so much. Annie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.