Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Mika, and Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi. This is Annie. Today I live in Dallas, and I would and in my story, I would like a lion adventurer named her name Red Lee Jones, and the biggest thumb drop house in the world. And my birthday is on September 9. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Annie who lives in Dallas, Texas, and who will turn six years old in about a week on September 9. And so we want to say happy birthday, Annie. And Annie asked for us happy birthday. And Annie asked for us to make up a story that includes a lion, an adventurer named Ridley Jones, and the biggest gum drop house in the world. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Annie. Annie had a special superpower, which is that all kinds of cats, no matter how big or how small they were, loved to be her friends. And whatever kind of cat they were, they always wanted to do what Annie said. And so, one day, when Annie and her family were visiting Africa, they found a lion. And lions are big cats. And the lion saw that Annie was a girl who had magic powers. And the lion came right up to Annie and asked if he could go back to Annie's house in Dallas, Texas, with her. Well, Annie didn't know if lions could go on airplanes, so Annie asked her parents. Annie's dad said that the lion was too big and it was too scary to go on the airplane. But then Annie's mom said that she had an idea. Her idea was that instead of taking an airplane back from Africa all the way to Dallas, Texas, they could just take a hot air balloon. And lions are allowed in hot air balloons, and they can travel over the seas, across different islands on adventure all the way to Dallas, Texas. Well, the next day, they were off. The lion followed Annie and her family, and it gave Annie a ride all the way to the hot air balloon takeoff location. The hot air balloon takeoff location was near a little lake. And inside the lake, there were baby mermaids that were jumping up and down. And there were also a bunch of frogs that were colorful and had pink dots on them. And some of the frogs had rainbow colored eyes, and some of the frogs had tongues so long they could get a fly from 10ft away. And Annie and the lion that she was riding rode right up to the biggest hot air balloon. And Annie's parents asked the hot air balloon captain if they could go for a ride to Dallas, Texas with the lion. And the hot air balloon captain asked Annie, is the lion going to behave? And Annie said that it would. And Annie showed the lion how to get on the hot air balloon. And it was a big one, so that there is enough space. And Annie and her family went with the captain, and they launched off of the place next to the lake where the mermaids, the baby mermaids, were swimming up and down and where the colorful frogs were trying to catch some flies. And they went up in the air past some clouds until they saw that there was a storm coming. The storm that was coming was made up of cotton candy clouds, but it was a serious storm because it rained sugar. And sugar is yummy, but you don't want sugar to get all over because it could be sticky. And the kind of cotton candy cloud that rained sugar, you definitely did not want a hot air balloon to go through that, because then it would just get caught up in the storm. Yeah. Bud, do you have a question? Why would the balloon stop the sugar? Well, the hot air balloon, the sugar could kind of fall around the balloon, but it was way too much sugar, and it was all coming from cotton candy clouds. So the captain of the hot air balloon told Annie that they were going to need to land somewhere else. And Annie got out her binoculars, and she started to look around, and she saw that in the distance, there was a mountain that was made of blue rocks. And the mountain was kind of shiny. So she pointed it out to the captain of the hot air balloon, and the hot air balloon turned the and the hot air balloon turned around in the direction of the blue mountain, and they sailed away from the sugar storm with all of the cotton candy clouds, and they got closer and closer to the blue mountain. When they got closer to the blue mountain, they saw that it wasn't made of stone. It was blue, because it was made of gum. And it wasn't really a mountain. It was a house that was a gum drop house, and it was a blue gum drop house, and it was the biggest house in the world. The house was so big, it was the size of a whole mountain. Even when you're far away on a hot air balloon, if you have binoculars, you could still see it. And on top of the gum drop house, there were all sorts of colorful parrots with colorful wings that were flying around carrying gumballs. And the parrots, whenever there would be a kid on the street that had a quarter, all the kid would have to do is roll the quarter on the street, and then a parrot would bring down a gumball for the kid. That is what happened next to the blue gum drop house that was as big as a mountain. Well, the pilot, the captain of the hot air balloon, landed right in front of the blue gum drop house. And Annie and the lion got off of the hot air balloon with Annie's parents. And when they got off, the lion saw that there was an emergency because there was an adventurer, a girl named Ridley Jones. And the adventurer named Ridley Jones was trying to make sure that nothing happened to the Gum Drop house. But something might have happened to the Gum Drop house, because on the other side of the Gum Drop house, there was a big rope. And the rope was pulling the whole gum drop house all the way off of the land and towards the ocean. And Annie and her parents and the lion did not want the humongous Gum Drop house to get pulled away and go in the ocean. So Annie started to hold the Gum Drop House with all of her might, but she wasn't strong enough, even though she was almost six. And Annie's parents held onto the Gum Drop house as well, the big blue gum Drop house. But it was too big even for two grown ups. And so the captain of the special hot air balloon also held on, and it was still too big. What's your question, bud? Could the lion do it? Yes. And then the lion saw that Annie and everyone else needed help. So he grabbed onto a rope, and using his roar roar might, he started to pull the Gum Drop house back to where it should be on the land. And the lion was so strong, it was impossible to pull the Gum Drop house away. And Ridley Jones got out of the Gum Drop house, and she said thank you to Annie and to the lion and to Annie's parents and to the captain of the hot air balloon. And Ridley Jones said that inside the Gum Drop house, there were so many stickers, it was a sticker factory. And kids were able to draw on the walls, and they were able to make whatever designs they wanted on the walls. And then they would get a picture of their design handed to them by a monkey. And Annie loved the inside of the Gum Drop house so much. And Annie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.