Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Sydney. Sydney's mom told her that they were going on a special adventure to a zoo filled with only kitty cats. It was called Kitty Cat Playland. In Kitty Cat Playland, kitty cats celebrated birthdays. Instead of birthday cake, they would get some kitty food, like wet food, with a candle in the middle. That would be a kitty's birthday cake, and the kitty would blow it out. That's what happened anytime it was a kitty birthday in Kitty Playland Zoo, and there were all kinds of kitties.

Some of the kitties had pet mice. Some had pet gerbils and hamsters. Some of the kitties also had pets that hunted mice for them. The kitties in this place didn't eat mice because they just had regular kitty food. So they were friends with mice, and they would take the mice outside on a leash to go for a mouse walk, just like people go for a walk around the block with a dog. Or if a kitty that was used to eating mice came in. They also had a special rule that whenever a new kitty came in and if that kitty liked to eat mice, that new kitty had to say, "meow, meow. I won't eat mice. Meow, meow." And if he said that, then the other kitty would say, "put your paw on top of my paw." And the kitties would touch paws, and then they would have to clap their paws together, and that meant they weren't allowed to do it ever again.

Well, the Kitty Cat Zoo Playland was a really fun place because the kitty cats were allowed to drive little robot cars that went wherever the kitty cat wanted them to go. So all the kitty cats had to do is they looked which way they wanted the robot cars to go, and the robot cars would drive them. The kitty cats had obstacle courses, and they loved to play soccer. Kitty cats have so much fun playing with balls, but they didn't use a regular soccer ball. The kitty cats used a lot of shoelaces tied up together in a ball and they would chase it around and try to get a goal on the different team's goal. And when Sydney was walking around this special zoo with her mom, she saw that there were some sprinklers that were coming out of the ground. Sydney said, "Mom, I think they shouldn't use the sprinkler in the zoo because kitty cats don't like to get wet and they don't want to get water from a sprinkler on them." And Sydney's mom said, "Sydney, you're right." But just as she said that, do you know what Sydney saw come out of the sprinkler? Sprinkles! There were all sorts of different color sprinkles that came out of the sprinkler instead of water. And kitty cats love sprinkles. Kitty cats love ice cream also, because kitty cats like milk and they like sugar, and ice cream has milk and sugar. And so the kitty cats were all looking as the sprinkles fell all around them in the whole kitty cat playland. The sprinkles would fall on the robot cars and the sprinkles would fall on the birthday cake of kitty food with the candles. The sprinkles would fall on the kitty houses and in the kitty soccer fields, and there were rainbow sprinkles all over. And do you know what that meant? It meant it was ice cream time because when all of the sprinkles were falling out and it was raining sprinkles everywhere, there was a kitty cat who was a kitty cat bus driver. And the kitty cat bus driver told Sydney and Sydney's mom that there was going to be a gymnastics show with kitty cat acrobats. And at the gymnastics show with the kitty cat acrobats, the kitty cat acrobats would do backflips and cartwheels and they would jump up and down from bar to bar and do a lot of cool, sick tricks. And Sydney said she was so excited. And the kitty cat bus driver told Sydney that there was also going to be so much ice cream.

Well, Sydney hopped onto the kitty cat bus with her mom, and they strapped in the special kitty cat seatbelts and they had to get kitty cat pictures on the bus. And so they smiled for a kitty cat camera and they went on the bus. And the kitty cat bus driver said, "I'm going to close the door," and closed the door on the bus. And the kitty cat bus driver started driving the kitty cat bus all the way through the kitty cat playland, which was full of sprinkles, and it was even driving over some extra sprinkles on the street. And then the kitty cat bus driver said, "okay, we're here." And he stopped by a big special circus tent. The circus tent was white and it had a pointy top with flags on it that would flap in the wind. The circus tent was really big. And there were kitty cats that checked tickets as people and kitty cats went in. Sydney and her mom gave their ticket, which they found in her mom's purse, to the kitty cat who was at the door of the tent, and they said, "we're coming for the kitty cat gymnastics show." And the kitty cat said it was a good ticket and they could go in. So Sydney and her mom went inside the big kitty cat tent because they wanted to see the kitty cat gymnastics show. When they looked inside the tent, they saw that there was a whole river of ice cream. In fact, there were three different rivers. One had vanilla ice cream, the other had chocolate ice cream, and there was another part that had strawberry ice cream and the sprinkles. There were so many kitty cats that had shovels, and they were shoveling in the sprinkles to put on the rivers of ice cream. And then they told Sydney that when the gymnastics show begins, all of the kitties and all of the people are allowed to get big spoons and take some ice cream out of the ice cream river. And after they take their ice cream out of the ice cream river, they are allowed to get some sprinkles on it and to eat the ice cream as they are watching the gymnastics show.

And Sydney was so happy, so she went with her mom, and her mom found an ice cream cone that a different kitty had left over. And Sydney's mom gave Sydney the ice cream cone, and Sydney filled it up with some vanilla ice cream and put some sprinkles on it. And she started to watch the amazing gymnastics show where kitty cats would jump on trampolines, and they would go all the way to the roof of the tent and do a backflip and then land on their feet when they got to the bottom. And after they did that, all of the other kitty cats would stand up on their back feet and start clapping their kitty paws. And Sydney told the kitty cats in charge that it was a very good kitty cat show. And the kitty cats said, "thank you for coming." Sydney saw that the sun was starting to set and the colors in the sky were starting to change. So Sydney told her mom that they needed to get a little bit of food from the circus before they left, and then they would need to go home and come back to the kitty cat play zoo a different day. And Sydney's mom said okay. So they decided to do that. And Sydney and her mom lived happily ever after. The end.