Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Claudia. Claudia had many friends, and one day, she told them she was starting a new club called the Makeup Club. All of Claudia's friends asked her how they could join the club. Claudia told them that if they wanted to join, they had to knock on her door.

Later that day, Claudia heard a knock knock knock on her door. She opened it and saw her friend Laura. Laura said, "Claudia, I did the knock knock. Can I join the secret Makeup Club?" Claudia told Laura that it wasn't the right knock because Laura did knock knock, knock, but she was supposed to do knock knock, knock, knock, knock. So Laura did the right knock again, and Claudia opened the door.

Anyone who was part of the Makeup Club could dress in any costume they wanted. Claudia told her friends they were going to have a costume party with a bounce house right outside her house. If you were part of the Makeup Club, you could go in the bounce house.

All of Claudia's friends learned the secret knock, which was knock knock, knock, knock, knock. They all started coming in and going in the bounce house. As more and more people wanted to join the Makeup Club, there wasn't enough room in the bounce house. Claudia told her mom that she needed to tell people there were enough members already, but it was too late.

There was a long line of people outside Claudia's house, all waiting to join the Makeup Club. There were different levels in the club. New members were called junior makeup people, and the best, like Claudia, were called the chief of all makeup. Claudia was the chief of the whole Makeup Club, and everyone wanted to join and be as high up as her.

When people got to Claudia's house and saw there was no room, Claudia told them they could start their own club. Some kids started different makeup clubs, and soon, kids from Georgia and even Chicago were creating their own clubs. Claudia was in charge of the whole operation and got to choose who was allowed in and who wasn't.

One day, a big girl dressed as a dragon asked Claudia if she could join the club. Claudia asked her the secret knock, and the girl said, "Knock, knock, knock, knock, knock." Claudia told her it wasn't right, but the girl said she really wanted to join because she once met a real dragon. So Claudia made an exception and let the girl in the dragon costume join.

Outside in the bounce house, someone in the Makeup Club asked if they could have marshmallows, chocolate, and graham crackers to make s'mores. Claudia thought it was a good idea, but there were no grown-ups with matches or lighters.

Some kids in the bounce house had a little static electricity and tried to zap each other to make a spark. They kept zapping until they got a tiny spark on a marshmallow, but it wasn't enough. The girl in the dragon costume said, "Look what I can do." She took out a silver coin, held it up, and told someone to put a marshmallow in front of her mouth. She breathed out fire like a real dragon, roasting the marshmallow without burning anyone's fingers.

Claudia told everyone to make a long row of marshmallows, like dominoes. The girl in the dragon costume held her silver coin and breathed fire on all the marshmallows. Claudia and the girl blew out the marshmallows, and every kid in the Makeup Club got one. They were all so happy.

As the kids ate their yummy marshmallows, a kitty cat ran into the bounce house. Kitty cats shouldn't go in bounce houses because their claws might pop them. Claudia told the girl in the dragon costume to save the bounce house. The girl scooped up the kitty cat and brought it to Claudia. Claudia said the kitty cat could be the Prince Kitty Cat of the Makeup Club and wear a little crown and special clothes. They all had a lot of fun.

When it was time for the party to end, Claudia made an announcement. She said, "If you want to be part of the Makeup Club, you have to ask me for permission." All the kids said they wanted to join, and they asked, "How do we ask Claudia?" Claudia decided to tell them another day. Claudia and her family lived happily ever after. The end.