Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Mia. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi. My name is Claudia. I am eight years old. I am from Georgia. My birthday is April 21. I would like a story about a skateboard that can turn into anything, a dragon and kitty. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Claudia who lives in Georgia and who turned nine years old just a few days ago on April 21. And so we want to say happy birthday, Claudia. Happy birthday, Claudia. Claudia. And Claudia asked yeah, bud s claudia? No, just Claudia. Claudia asked for us to make up a story that includes a skateboard that can turn into anything, a dragon, and a kitty cat. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Claudia. Claudia had several friends, and one day, Claudia told her friends that she was making a new club, and the club that Claudia made up was called the makeup club. And all of Claudia's friends asked claudia, how do we get into the makeup club? How do we get into it? And Claudia told her friends that if they wanted to get into the makeup club, they had to go and knock on her door. Later that day, claudia heard a knock knock knock on her door. She opened it up, and she saw that it was her friend Laura. Laura said, claudia, I did the knock knock. Can I join the secret makeup club? And Claudia told her friend Laura that it wasn't the right knock, because Laura did knock knock, knock, and really, Laura was supposed to do knock knock, knock, knock, knock. And so Laura did the right knock again, which was knock knock, knock, knock, knock, and Claudia opened the door. Anyone who was part of the makeup club got to dress in whatever costume they wanted. And Claudia told her friends that they were going to have a costume party where there was also a bounce house, and the bounce house would be right outside of Claudia's house. And if you went outside of Claudia's house and you were part of the makeup club, then you can go in the bounce house. Well, all of Claudia's friends started to learn how to do the secret knock, which is knock knock, knock, knock knock. And all of them started to come in, and all of them started to go in the bounce house. As they were going in the bounce house, claudia saw that there were more and more people who wanted to become part of the makeup club, but there wasn't enough room in the bounce house. So Claudia told her mom that she needed to tell people that there was enough people in the club ready, but it was too late. All along Claudia's house, there was a big line of people, and everyone was waiting to join the makeup club that Claudia was in. Charge of. If you were part of the makeup club, then there were different levels. Somebody who just joined the makeup club is called a junior makeup person. And if you got to be the best, like at Claudia's level, then you were called the chief of all makeup. And Claudia was the chief of the whole makeup club. And everyone wanted to join it to start at the entry level and to get to be as high up as Claudia was. Well, when people got to Claudia's house and they saw that there was no room, claudia told them that they could start their own club. And some kids started a different makeup club, and other kids started more makesup clubs. And soon, all of the kids who lived in Georgia and also some who lived in Chicago started creating their makeup clubs. And because Claudia was in charge of the whole entire operation, claudia got to choose who was allowed in and who wasn't. One day, there was a big girl who was dressed up as a dragon. And the girl said, claudia, can I join the club? And Claudia said, what's the secret knock? And the girl said, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock. And Claudia said, that's not right. That's not it. Because really, it's knock, knock, knock, knock, knock. And the girl told Claudia that she really wanted to go into the secret club because when she was a kid, she once met a real dragon. And that real dragon wasn't when she was dreaming, she said, and that's why she was wearing a dragon costume. So Claudia decided to make an exception, and she let the girl who had a dragon costume go into her house. And outside in the bounce house, when the girl with the dragon costume was there, one of the different people in claudia's makesup club said, could we have some marshmallows, please? And could we have chocolate and graham crackers because we want to make s'mores. And claudia decided that would be a good idea. But the problem was, there were no grown ups who had any matches or any lighter. Yeah, bud, maybe could try giving a zap, like zapping someone else to zap up a file. So there were some kids who were in the bounce house for so long that they got a little bit of static electricity, and they tried to zap other kids to make it like a little bit like a spark. And all the kids kept zapping each other until they got a little spark, and that went on the marshmallow. And the marshmallow got the teensiest little spark. And Claudia saw that it wasn't enough. Well, Claudia's friend, who is dressed in the dragon costume said, look at what I could do. And she held her hands up high, and the girl took out a silver coin from inside of her pocket, and she held the silver coin up, and she told somebody to put the marshmallow in front of her mouth. And do you know what the girl did? What? She breathed out fire, just like a real dragon. And the fire went on the marshmallow to burn the marshmallow up. But it didn't touch the person's fingers. And the marshmallow was so delicious. And then Claudia told everybody that they were going to make a big, long row of marshmallows, just like you can make a row of dominoes. And then Claudia's friend was going to breathe some fire using her dragon costume on all of those marshmallows so that all of the kids who were part of the makeup club could have roasted marshmallows. And all of the kids said, yay yippee hooray. And they all started waiting as suddenly the girl who was wearing the dragon costume held on to her silver coin and started breathing a little bit of fire over all of the marshmallows. And the marshmallows started to burn a little bit. And Claudia and the girl with the dragon costume blew out the marshmallows so that they weren't still on fire. And then they let every kid who is in the makeup club have a marshmallow. And all of the kids were so happy. Well, as the kids were eating their numb numb yummy yummy marshmallows, there was a kitty cat. And the kitty cat ran into the bounce house. Now, kitty cats are not supposed to go in bounce houses because their claws could maybe pop the bounce house. And Claudia saw that the kitty cat was going to break the whole bounce house. And Claudia told the girl dressed up in a dragon costume, rush in there and tell the kitty cat not to do it. And the girl in the dragon costume rushed back on to the bounce house and she scooped the kitty cat up and she took the kitty cat out and brought her to Claudia. And Claudia told the kitty cat that it was still a good kitty cat. And it could be the Prince kitty Cat of The Makeup Club. And the kitty cat. Got to wear a little kitty cat crown. And Claudia dressed up the kitty cat in special kitty cat clothing that somebody gave to her. And Claudia had a lot of fun. Well, it was time for the party to end, so Claudia made an announcement. Her announcement was, if you want to be part of the makeup club, then you have to ask Claudia for permission. And all of the kids said they wanted to be part of the makeup club. And they started to say, well, how do I ask Claudia? How do I ask Claudia? And Claudia decided she would tell the kids a different day. A and Claudia and her family lived happily ever after. The End. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Donna. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.