Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Roger. Roger was the silliest big boy of all because he would press a button on his dad's belly button, and that would be silly time. After he pressed the button, his dad would have to bounce up and down. He also had a special rule for his mom's silly button. He told his mom that whenever he blew on her cheeks or kissed her, she had to do something silly. He practiced it by saying, "beep," pressing the button, and kissing her on the cheek. Then, his mom had to wave her hands up and down, up and down.

Roger had a special rule: if he did a good job cleaning up after dinner, he would get to go on his dad's shoulders, and his dad would take him on a walk. One day, dinner was over, and Roger had some yummy fish sticks. He even dipped the fish sticks in ketchup and said they were so yummy. After dinner, he told his dad and mom to go on a walk through a secret forest he had discovered. He gave his parents directions, and they had to hold him on their shoulders.

When they got to the forest, it was pretty cold. Roger told his parents they had to find the secret chamber with jackets in it. His parents asked, "Which way is that?" while Roger was on the shoulder ride. He pointed up to the branches of a nearby tree and said, "Here it is, but you have to press the secret chamber button." His mom reached up to the tree and pressed a green button that said "Secret Chamber button." Suddenly, the tree went under the ground, and all the branches and leaves went under the ground too.

After that, Roger started to hear a "ChuChu" noise, and it sounded like a train was going to come out of the ground. A little toy train came out and delivered some jackets and gloves to Roger and his parents. They continued through the forest with their jackets and gloves on, feeling warm. Soon, they saw that it had started to snow. In the snow, there were some buffalo, and one of them had a crown made of flowers. The buffalo could speak and said, "My name is Thai Tie. I am the king. Do you see King Tie, the buffalo? I am the buffalo king."

Roger told his parents that it was a king buffalo named Tie Thai. The king buffalo came up to Roger and his parents and asked Roger if he wanted a ride. Roger told King Tie that he was on his parents' shoulders, but his mom said he could go down for a ride with Tie Tie the buffalo. Tie Tie the buffalo told Roger's mom and dad that they could ride different buffaloes. King Tie Tie the buffalo gave Roger a fun ride, and Roger held onto King Tie Tie's big horns as they galloped through the snow.

While galloping, they came upon a group of cows with snowballs. The cows started to throw snowballs at Roger and the buffalo. The buffalo tried to throw snowballs back, but they didn't have hands. Roger told King Ty that he would help him throw snowballs. Roger got down, and he told his mom and dad to help too. They made snowballs and threw them at the cows. Soon, the cows said, "We give up! We give up!" Roger said, "We win!" That made the cows a little sad, but then Roger said, "It's okay because you guys can have our extra snowballs." The cows were happy again.

The cows were so happy that they invited King Tie Tie the buffalo, Roger, the other buffaloes, and Roger's mom and dad into their cow house for hot chocolate. The cow house was like a regular people house with people beds, sinks, and a kitchen. Instead of carpet, the house had grass, and the cows would eat it. Instead of a regular bathtub, they had a pool in their house where the cows would swim and have fun.

One of the cows asked Roger if he wanted hot cocoa or hot chocolate, and Roger said yes. A cow made some for him, and Roger shared it with his family. Just as they were enjoying their hot chocolate, King Tie Tie saw a baby tiger out the window. The baby tiger was lost, so King Ty the buffalo helped the tiger find its way home.

Roger told King Ty that he had a special adventure, but he had to go back home with his mom. Roger told his mom and dad that it was time for them to end their walk and go home because he had to take a nap. Roger and his family lived happily ever after. The end.