Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Roger. Roger was the silliest big boy of all, because he would press a button on his dad's belly button, and that would be silly time. And after he pressed the button, his dad would have to bounce up and down. And then he had a special rule for his mom's silly button. He told his mom that whenever he blew on his mom's cheeks or kissed his mom, she had to do something silly, and he practiced it by saying, beep, pressing the button, and it kissed her on the cheek. And then the mom had to wave her hands up and down, up and down.

Well, Roger had a special rule, which was that if he did a good job cleaning up after himself after dinner, then he would get to go on his dad's shoulders, and Roger's daddy would have to take him on a walk. Well, one day, dinner was over, and Roger had some yummy fish sticks, and he even dipped the fish sticks in ketchup and said it was so yummy. And after dinner, he told his dad and mom to go on a walk through a secret forest that he had discovered. And he gave his parents directions, and his parents had to hold him on their shoulders.

Well, when they got to the forest, it was pretty cold. And so Roger told his parents that they had to find the secret chamber, which had jackets in it. And his parents said, which way is that? While Roger was on the shoulder ride. And he pointed up to the branches of a nearby tree, and he said, here it is, but you have to press the secret chamber button. And his mom reached up to the tree and pressed a green button on the tree which said Secret Chamber button. And then suddenly the tree went under the ground, and all of the branches and all of the leaves went under the ground.

And after it did that, Roger started to hear a ChuChu noise, and it sounded like a train was going to come out of the ground. And it went, and a little itty bitty toy train came out of the ground and delivered some jackets to Roger and his parents. And there was also some gloves. They kept going through the forest with all of their jackets and gloves on, and they were so warm, and soon they saw that it had started to snow. In the snow, there were some buffalo, and the buffalo were looking about the snow, and one of the buffalo had a crown, and the buffalo that had a crown had big horns, and the crown wasn't a regular person crown. This buffalo had a crown made of flowers, and the buffalo was able to speak, and it said, here, see hair. See Haussy do see? My name is Thai Tie. I am the king. Here. See? Do see king Tie, the buffalo. I am the buffalo king.

And Roger told his parents that that was a king buffalo named Tie Thai. And the king buffalo came right up to Roger and his parents and asked Roger if he wanted a ride. Roger told Ty, the King buffalo, that he was on his parents shoulders, but his mom said that he could go down for a ride by Tie Tie the buffalo. And Tie Tie the buffalo told Roger's mama and dad that they could ride different buffaloes, and King Tie Tie the buffalo gave Roger a fun ride, and Roger held on to King Tie Tie's big horns, and they decided to gallop through the snow.

When they were galloping through the snow, they came upon a group of cows, and the cows had some snowballs, and the cows started to throw some snowballs to Roger and all the buffalo, and the buffalo started to make some snowballs, too, and to throw them back. But buffaloes and cows don't have hands, so Roger told King Ty that he would help him throw some snowballs. And Roger got down, and Roger told his mama and daddy to help too. And they made some snowballs and threw it at the cows. Soon the cows said, we give up. We give up. And Roger said, we win. And that made the cows a little bit sad. But then Roger said, it's okay, because you guys could have our extra snowballs. And then the cows were happy again.

Well, the cows were so happy that they said that King Tie Tie the buffalo and Roger could come into their house where they had some hot chocolate. And Roger said that would be a fun idea. And so the cows invited King Ty, the buffalo, Roger and all the other buffaloes, and Roger's mom and dad into their cow house. These cows lived in a regular people house, and they had people bed, and they had people sinks and a people kitchen and so many people things, they didn't live outside. And instead of having a carpet, this house had grass, and the cows would just eat the grass. And instead of having a regular bathtub, since the cows were so big, they had a whole pool in their house, and the cows would swim in a pool and have a lot of fun.

Well, one of the cows asked Roger if he wanted some hot cocoa or hot chocolate, and Roger said yes. And so a cow made him some. And Roger shared it with his family. Just as they were doing that King Tie Tide, the buffalo said he saw a tiger out of the window. And he helped Roger go back on King Tie Tie for a ride. And they looked out the window, and they saw that there was a tiger. But this tiger was just a baby tiger and didn't look mean. In fact, this tiger was lost. And so King Ty, the buffalo helps the tiger, who was a baby, find his way home.

Well, Roger told King Ty that he had a special adventure, but that he had to go back home with his mama. And so Roger told his mom and dad that it was time for them to end their walk and go home because he had to take a nap. And Roger and his family lived happily ever after. The end.