Once upon a time, long ago, there was a girl named Ava. Ava lived in a little straw house in the African savannah. Next to Ava's house, there were many different kinds of animals, like giraffes, lions, buffaloes, birds, and alligators not too far away. All the animals that lived near Ava's house had an agreement to get along. They decided that once a year, they would have a big party for the Animal New Year. During the Animal New Year, all the animals would gather at a grassy field near Ava's house, make funny noises together, and dance. Even predators and prey could come together and be friends.

One day, during the special Animal New Year party, all the animals were dancing and making silly noises when Ava saw a princess floating by in the sky. Ava never knew that princesses visited the savannah and attended animal parties, because people usually think that princesses are just for people castles and such. But this princess was carrying a rainbow-colored leaf, and she floated down to Ava. All the animals moved out of the way, making a little tunnel for the princess to pass through. The princess gave the rainbow-colored leaf to Ava and told her that she was now a princess too. With the magical rainbow-colored leaf, Ava could go anywhere she wanted. Ava asked if she would be able to float, turn her straw hut into a real castle, and get princess dresses. The princess said yes to all her questions, and Ava thanked her. Then the princess left, and the animal party started to wind down as it was getting dark.

As it grew darker, Ava went to her house holding the rainbow-colored leaf the princess had given her. She noticed that her regular shoes had been replaced with princess shoes, and she was now wearing princess leggings, a princess shirt, and a princess crown. By the time Ava reached her house, she had become a real princess, and her house was transforming into a big castle with jewels on top. The castle was special because it had horses and a lake outside, and many servants who did whatever Ava and her family wanted. The servants were actually kitty cats wearing bells, but they weren't very good at listening. So even though Ava was now a princess and her parents were kings and queens, the kitty cat servants didn't always do what they were told.

Ava decided to use the rainbow-colored leaf to go to outer space, and her parents agreed to join her. They all held hands around the kitchen table, with Ava holding the magic leaf. The rainbow leaf started to float up, and soon their castle detached from the ground and began floating higher and higher. They went above the trees, past the clouds, airplanes, rocket ships, and even dragons. The castle went so high into outer space that it passed different planets and the sun.

As they traveled through outer space, the kitty cat servants didn't listen to Ava's instructions to put on seatbelts. Instead, they used dental floss as seatbelts, which didn't work, and they went flying all over the place. Eventually, Ava and her family reached a new planet shaped like a big yellow banana. This planet was inhabited only by zebras, which surprised the kitty cats. The zebras ate purple grass that looked like spider webs, which grew on top of the banana-shaped planet.

Ava and her family continued their journey through outer space and finally reached the center of the universe. They were the first ones to ever get there, and they found a big book in the center. Ava looked inside the book and saw a big mirror. When they looked into the mirror, everything they saw was upside down and in reverse. Ava and her family promised not to tell anyone what they saw and returned to Earth in their special castle rocket ship. When they got back to Earth, they kept their secret and lived happily ever after.