Welcome to makeup stories. My name is raisie. I'm seven years old, and I live in Montreal. And Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever, and I listen to it every night. Tell your friends. Hello. My name is Ava. I'm four years old, and I live in Albany, California. And I want a story about lita floated into to outer space, a book that moved pictures around, and a banana that met a zebra. Thank you. Tonight's makes up story is a request for a girl named Ava who lives in Albany, California, and who turns five years old in a month on October 26. And so we want to wish an early happy birthday to Ava. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Good job, bud. And Ava asks for us to make up a story that includes a leaf that moves into outer space, a book that moves pictures around, and a banana that meets a zebra. Once upon a time, long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Ava. Ava lived in a little house that was made of straw out in the African savannah. And next to Ava's house, there were so many different kinds of animals, like giraffes and lions and all sorts of buffalo, and there were birds and alligators that were not so far from her house. But all of the animals that lived next to Ava's house used to have an agreement to all get along. And they used to decide that once a year, they would have a big party when it was the Animal New Year. And in the Animal New Year, all of the animals would come together at a grassy field right near Ava's house, and they would start howling and making some funny noises together, and they would start dancing, and even predators and prey could come together and all be friends. Well, one day it was that special party, the Animal New Year, and all of the animals were dancing around and making some silly animal noises when Ava saw that floating by in the sky was a princess. And Ava never knew that princesses kind of visit the savannah and are also there for animal parties also, because usually people think that princesses are just there for, like, people castles and stuff. But the princess that was there was carrying a leaf, and the leaf was a rainbow colored leaf, and the princess went straight down, and all of the animals moved out of the way, and they made a little tunnel for the princess to go over. And the princess brought the rainbow colored leaf to Ava. And the princess told Ava, ava, you are now a princess also, and if you have this magical rainbow colored leaf, then you can go anywhere you want to. Ava looked at the princess and said, will I be able to float too? And the princess said yes. And Ava said, Will I be able to turn my straw hut into a real castle. And the princess said yes, and Ava asked if she'll get princess dresses, and the princess said yes. Ava said okay. Thank you so much. And then the princess left, and the animal party started to die down a little bit. People started to leave the party. The animals were all alive and well, but people started to leave because it was getting dark. And as it was getting darker, ava went to her house holding the rainbow colored leaf that the other princess had given to her. And when she looked down at her feet, she could see that her regular shoes went away. And now princess shoes came on. And when she looked at her legs, she could see that she got new princess leggings, and she was wearing a princess shirt. And she also had a princess crown that was on her head. And by the time Ava got all the way to her house, she was a regular, real princess. And her house was in middle of transforming into a big castle that was full of jewels on the top. And the castle was so special because there were horses outside of it. There was a lake outside. There were so many servants that did whatever Ave and her family wanted them to do. And those were silly, because the servants were actually kitty cats, and they used to wear bells. And the kitty cats were not so good at listening. So even though Ava was now a princess, and her parents were also kings and queens, well, even then, the kitty cat servants used to like ava would tell them, okay, time to clean up. And do you know what the kitty cats would do, bud what? Instead of cleaning up, the kitty cats would just walk off. And the kitty cats, they didn't even have kitty litter. They had special kitty toilets in that castle. And the kitties got to flush the toilet. And whenever they flushed, the toilet toothpaste went down. And that is how the kitties were able to use the toilet. And they never listened to what the princess said. But anyway, Ava had the rainbow colored leaf, and Ava told her parents that she wanted to use it to go to outer space. And Ava's parents said, but we'll miss you if you go to outer space. And Ava said it's okay. And she asked her mom and dad to hold on to the rainbow colored leaf with her. And they all stood around the kitchen table, and they got up, and they held hands. And in one of Ava's hands, she had the magic leaf. And the rainbow leaf started floating up between Ava and her parents. And soon the castle they were on detached from the ground, and the whole castle started floating up, higher than the trees above the clouds, past where airplanes go, even past rocket ships and dragons. And the castle went so high into outer space that it passed different planets and it passed the sun. Yeah, bud. What did the kitties do? Did I tell them to prepare for landing? The Kitties, as they were going into outer space, were really not good at listening because Ava said, kitties, it is so important that you put on seatbelts in the castle because when you're sitting down, it's going to be like a rocket ship and it's going to go really fast. But the kitties didn't listen. Instead of the Kitties putting on seatbelts, they got dental floss from Ava's parents bathrooms and they used dental floss as the seatbelts and they just fell off. So the Kitties went flying all over the place as Ava's princess castle went to outer space. And when they finally got to outer space, ava saw that there was a new kind of planet that was the shape of a big yellow banana. And it was a planet that floated through outer space. And on that planet yeah, bud. Well, the Kitties like, why are we up here? I thought we were supposed to be down there. Well, the Kitties, what they were most surprised about is as Ava's castle was going through outer space and they passed a banana planet. The planet was so big and there were no people on that planet or aliens. Do you know who lived on that planet? Zebras. It was a planet that was the shape of a banana. And humongous, it was like a banana, but not a regular sized a banana as big as like Earth. And only zebras lived on it. And Ava realized that maybe that's where zebras really came from on Earth. Like maybe one of them had a magic rainbow leaf before and that's how zebras got to Earth. But she wasn't sure because who knows? And anyway, Ava was going through outer space and that's what surprised the Kitties the most. When the Kitties saw Zebras on a planet that was the shape of a banana, the Kitties were like, well, I didn't know that zebras could even eat banana. And then when they looked closer, they saw that out of the banana, there was actually a little bit of grass growing on top of the banana. Except the grass was like it wasn't green, it was purple, and it looked like a spider web. And that's what the zebras on that planet ate. Well, Ava kept flying back through outer space, and finally she got to the center of the universe. And when Ava and her family got to the center of the universe, they were the first ones to ever get there. And there was a big book in the center of the universe. Ava looked inside of the big book in the center of the universe, and Ava saw that the book had a big mirror in it. And whenever you looked inside the book at the very center of the universe in middle of outer space and looked in the mirror inside of it, everything that you saw back was upside down and in reverse. And Ava and her family looked at it and they promised not to tell anybody what they saw. And they went back to Earth in their special castle rocket ship. And when they got back to Earth, they kept it a secret and lived happily ever after. Yeah, bud. I hope the Kitties didn't kill other kitties. The kitties are really nice. And.