Welcome to makeup stories. My name is penelope, and makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hello, my name is cara, and I live in lapoba, south africa. I'm going to turn eight in march. I like a story about a magical fish, a rainbow lake, a koala. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named kara, who lives in limpopo, south africa, and who turns eight years old today on march 7. And so we want to say, happy birthday, kara. Happy birthday, kara. And kara asks for us to make up a story that includes a magical lake, a rainbow fish, and a koala. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named kara. Kara just got a special fish tank in her room. And in the fish tank, there was a little goldfish that would swim back and forth. And the goldfish would sometimes get little pieces of fishy food, and it would eat them all up. One day, kara had an idea. Kara told her parents that they should find a special lake for the goldfish to go to so it could go free and find other goldfish and then tell those goldfish to come back to kara's house. And they would leave a fish tank in the lake. And the fish tank would have a lot of fish food, so other goldfish would come, too. And the other goldfish would be so happy. Well, kara and her sister and also their parents decided that was a good idea. So they started heading out on adventure to search for the magic lake. After they got in their car, their mom said that they should probably make a right down the road and go past the kind of area that has a lot of giraffes into the savannah and try to see if there could be a magic lake there where they could catch other goldfish in their special fish tank. Kara said, okay. And kara and her sister went and went and went. They were driving and driving and driving. Until finally kara saw. And her sister saw at the same time that there was a little magic lake, but it looks like it was on top of a mountain. And kara told her mom to stop the car. And kara's mom stopped the car. And kara asked her parents if they had any binoculars. And kara's dad got some binoculars from out of the trunk. And kara looked through the binoculars, and she saw that on top of the mountain, there was a special cake. It was the biggest cake in the world. The cake was so big that it was as big as a hill, like a big hill. And it was on top of the mountain. And the cake had frosting all over. And there were letters on it, and it said, happy birthday, kara. And kara had never heard of that. A kid never gets to have a cake on a mountain for their birthday. Like, that big of a cake is way too big. So Kara and her sister started to talk about that. Why just not eat whole and just start eating? And Kara's sister Linnae said, why don't we just start eating the mountain? Because that looks so yummy. And they decided that was a good idea. Yeah, but would that make a landslide thing? But Kara told her parents that they needed to be careful not to eat too much of the birthday cake, because if they ate too much of the birthday cake, then it might cause a little landslide down the mountain, and all of the frosting would come down. Well, Karen, her parents started to get out of the car and march and march and march until they got near the mountain. When they got near the mountain, they saw that there were some big birds. The big birds looked like ostriches, but they looked very friendly, and they were wearing glasses, and they also had ginormous wings. And one of the big birds had a pilot on top of it. And the pilot who was flying the bird said, kara, is it your birthday? And Kara said, yes. And the pilot told Kara that he could carry kara and her mom on one bird. And then Kara's sister Lene and her dad would go on a different bird, and then they would fly to the top of the mountain, which had the big birthday cake. And Kara said, that sounds like a good idea. So they buckled their seatbelts unto the big bird that had the pilots on it, and the pilots started flying with Kara and her whole family up to the top of the mountain that had a big birthday cake on top of it. And when they got to the top of the mountain with the big birthday cake, kara said, wait, everybody, wait. I see something. And right next to the big birthday cake on top of the mountain, she saw there was a lake. And Kara's sister said, well, it's just a lake. And Kara said, no, but look inside the lake. And when Kara's parents and Kara's sister looked inside the lake, you will not believe what they saw inside the lake. There was a see through rainbow fish, and it was as big as a whale. And the rainbow fish lived in an ice cream cone at the bottom of the lake, and the ice cream cone was made of rainbow dust. And then Kara told her parents, oh, that's how there's this magic cake on top of the mountain. We had rainbows death in one other story. Yeah. And Kara said, oh, that's how there could be this special cake on top of the mountain. It's probably because of the rainbow fish that lives in the ice cream cone inside of the lake next to it. So Kara told the pilots of the bird to land the birds right next to the magic lake. And that they had to talk to the rainbow fish before they ate the cake. And the pilots said okay. And both of the pilots landed their birds right next to the magic lake. And Kara got off and Kara's dad got off. And Kara's sister got off. And Kara's mom got off the birds. And when they got off the birds, kara looked at the water and she said, everyone, I see the rainbow fish. And just as she said that, the rainbow fish swam right up to Kara and it jumped out of the water. And the rainbow fish was able to fly. And it talks to Kara. And the rainbow fish said, kara, you're the first person to find the magic lake hidden behind the birthday cake. Because most people, they get distracted by the birthday cake. So they never see that there's a magic lake behind it. But Kara knew to look. So the rainbow fish was flying next to Kara and her sister and her parents. And it said, kara, if you say the magic words, then I will show you what I could make happen in the magic lake. And Kara said, but I don't know the magic words. And the rainbow fish said, you have to guess. And Kara thought as hard as she could. And she said, is the magic word chocolate? And the rainbow fish said, you're close, but that's not it. Cake. Yes. And then Kara said, is the magic word cake? And the rainbow fish said, you got it right. Okay. And now Kara was ready to see what happened when she said the magic word. So she told the fish, fish, do I have to say it one more time? And the rainbow fish said yes. And Kara said cake as loud as she could. And Kara's sister and her parents started clapping behind her. And when she said that, you will not believe what happened. What? The lake started splitting in half into different parts. And each part of the lake got different colors of the rainbow. And the water was holding itself up like it had walls. And people were able to walk through the lake. And then inside of the lake, the water was holding itself up so well that there was a maze inside the lake. And people could walk in the magic lake as the rainbow fish swam around the different parts of the maze. And people could walk in middle of the water. And Kara was so happy that saying the magic word cake made all of this happen. And Kara's parents and her sister were proud of Kara too. So they went through the maze on a wonderful adventure and then they had a little piece of cake and they saved the rest for later. And Kara decided she would go back a different day. And Kara and her parents and her sister lived happily ever after. The end. I'm Leanna, Cara's sister. And and I'm five. And makeup Stories is the best. Tell all your friends about it. Thank you.