Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Carter. Sometimes, when Carter went to sleep, she would dream that she turned into a princess. In her dream, a prince would come to rescue her on a horse. Princess Carter told the prince she was ready to be saved. After the prince saved her, Carter discovered she had magic powers. But then Carter would wake up and remember it was just a dream, and she didn't really have any magic powers. She always wished she could stay in the dream a little longer to be a real princess.

One night, Carter's mom put a mirror in front of Carter as she went to sleep. On top of Carter's bed was a big mirror. Carter also wore a special helmet that night with stickers on it. When Carter went to sleep that night wearing the helmet and with the mirror on top, she had the same dream where she was a princess who needed help. A big prince rode on a horse from a different kingdom. The prince asked if he could help Princess Carter. Carter said she needed the prince's help to save the kingdom. The prince agreed to help. Carter saw that this time she had magic powers. The mirror on her bed and the helmet with stickers were making her dream come true.

Carter saw her hair turning sparkly, and it looked like birthday candles were growing from the tops of all the trees. Everything around her started to change. All the birds flying in the air turned into kites that could flap their wings. All the cars driving in the streets turned into snails. The traffic lights that were usually red, yellow, and green turned into silly traffic lights. When it was red, it squirted out ketchup. When it was yellow, it squirted out mustard. When it was green, it squirted out something that looked like frog juice. It turned out that the frog juice was actually yummy because it was made of melted green lollipops.

Princess Carter looked around her special kingdom and saw a rainbow. In the rainbow, she could see the shadows of fairies. Princess Carter told the prince she wanted to try her magic powers to see if they worked. The prince said he wanted to see if she could really do anything magical. Carter looked up at the sky and wished that all the clouds would come down to the ground. Some clouds started to go lower, but they couldn't go all the way down. Carter told the prince her magic power wasn't working. The prince said maybe if they held hands, the magic power would work better. So the prince held Princess Carter's hand, and as they did it together, they concentrated, and the clouds came all the way down. When the clouds reached the ground, they turned into blue clouds made of little pieces of honey.

Princess Carter was really happy because the rivers in this magical world were supposed to have honey in them. It was a special place, and honey was much better to have in rivers than just regular water. She decided it was time to have a magic party. She told the prince that now that they held hands, her magic would be even stronger, and she would try to do other magical things. Carter looked up to the sky and saw that it suddenly became nighttime, and the sun went away. Then she said, "light," and the sun came back. She said "dark," and the sun went away, and the moon came. She said "light and dark," and then half of the sky was daytime, and half of the sky was nighttime. It was the first time anybody had ever used magic to make half of the sky day and half night. When Carter looked up, she could see stars in half of the sky and the sun in the other half. In the middle, there was the Moon. Half of the moon was visible because it was in the light part, and the other half was in the dark part, and you could only kind of see its shadow.

The prince told Carter it was the coolest magic trick he had ever seen. Carter said, "watch this." She decided to turn her fingers around as she pointed to the sky. As Carter turned her fingers around, the night and day sky started to spin. The prince said, "wow, I didn't know you could make the sky spin." Carter decided to make the stars in the night part of the sky turn into fireflies and start flying around outer space. All the stars in the night part of the sky turned into fireflies, making little dots of light in outer space. The prince asked what Carter could do to the daytime part of the sky. Carter said, "Princess Rider." Just as Carter said "Princess Rider," a princess riding a big white horse appeared. The princess, named Ryder, wore special clothing and was followed by her family members. She carried a bow and arrow and was in charge of protecting Princess Carter's land because Princess Rider was the fastest horseback rider ever.

Princess Rider approached Carter and the prince and told them that because Carter was able to make half of the sky nighttime and half of the sky daytime, and because Carter was able to point her fingers in the sky and turn them around, making the sky spin, she would give Carter a magic wand. Carter said, "thank you," and held the magic wand. Just as she got the magic wand, she woke up from her dream, still wearing her helmet and with the mirror on top of her bed. Carter took off her helmet and was going to tell her mom that it worked, that the dream lasted for a long time. But Carter looked over and under her blanket, she saw the magic wand that Ryder gave her. From then on, even after Carter woke up, she had magic powers that she could use with the magic wand. Carter and her family lived happily ever after. The end.