Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Carter. Sometimes, when Carter went to sleep, she would have a dream in which she turned into a princess. And there was a prince that was trying to come rescue her. The prince came on a horse, and Carter was a princess. Carter the princess told the prince that she was ready to be saved. After the prince saved her, Carter found out that she had some magic powers. But then Carter would wake up from her dream, and she would remember that it's just a dream, and she didn't really have any magic powers. She always wished that she could stay in the dream just a little bit longer so that she could be a real princess.

One night, Carter's mom decided to put a mirror in front of Carter as she went to sleep. On top of Carter's bed, there was a big mirror. Carter also wore a special helmet that night that had some stickers on it. When Carter went to sleep that night in the helmet on her bed with the mirror on top, Carter had that same dream where she was a princess, and she needed some help. There was a big prince who was riding on a horse, and the prince was coming from a different kingdom. The prince asked if he could help Princess Carter. Carter said that she needed the help of the prince to save the kingdom. The prince said that he could help. Carter saw that this time she had some magic powers. The mirror on top of her bed and the helmet that had stickers on them were making Carter's dream turn real.

Carter saw that the ends of her hair were turning kind of sparkly, and it looked like birthday candles were growing from the tops of all the trees. Everything around her was starting to change. All of the birds that were flying in the air turned into kites that could flap their wings. All of the cars that were driving in the streets turned into snails. The traffic lights that were usually red, yellow, and green turned into a very silly kind of traffic light. When it was red, it squirted out red ketchup. When it was yellow, the traffic light squirted out mustard. When it was green, it squirted out something that looked like frog juice. It turned out that the thing that looked like frog juice was actually really yummy because it was made out of melted green lollipops.

Princess Carter was looking around her special kingdom, and she saw that there was a rainbow. In the rainbow, you could see the shadows of fairies. Princess Carter told the prince that she wanted to finally try her magic powers to see if they worked. The prince said that he wanted to see if she could really do anything magical. Carter looked up at the sky and wished that all of the clouds would go down to the ground. Some of the clouds started to go a little lower, but they couldn't go all the way down. Carter told the prince that her magic power wasn't working. The prince told Carter maybe if they held hands, the magic power would work more. So the prince held Princess Carter's hand, and as they did it together, they both concentrated, and the clouds came all the way down. When the clouds came to the ground, they turned into blue clouds. Instead of the clouds being made of little drops of rain, they turned into blue honey clouds that were made of little pieces of honey.

Princess Carter was really happy because the rivers in this magical world were supposed to have honey in them. It was a really special place, and honey was much better to have in rivers than just regular water. She decided it was time to have a magic party. She told the prince that now that they held hands, her magic would be even stronger, and she would try to do other magical things. Carter looked up to outer space and saw that it suddenly became nighttime, and the sun went away. Then she said, "light," and the sun came back. She said "dark," and the sun went away, and the moon came. She said "light and dark," and then in half of the sky, it was daytime, and in half of the sky, it was nighttime. It was the first time anybody had ever used magic that made it day on half of the sky and night on the other half of the sky. When Carter was looking up, she could see that in half of the sky there were stars, and in the other half of the sky, there was the sun. In the middle, there was the Moon. Half of the moon you could see because it was in the light part, and the other half of the moon was in the dark part, and you could only kind of see its shadow or silhouette.

The prince told Carter that it was the coolest magic trick he had ever seen. Carter said, "watch this." Carter decided to turn her fingers around as she pointed to the sky. As Carter turned her fingers around, the night and day sky started to spin around. The prince said, "wow, I didn't know you could make the sky spin." Carter decided to make the stars in the night part of the sky turn into fireflies and start flying around outer space. All of the stars in the night part of the sky turned into fireflies, and they were making little dots of light in outer space. The prince asked what Carter could do to the daytime part of the sky. Carter said, "Princess Rider." Just as Carter said "Princess Rider," there was a princess riding on a big white horse. The princess was wearing special princess clothing, and she was followed by a bunch of her family members. The princess's name was Ryder, and she carried a bow and arrow. She was the princess in charge of protecting Princess Carter's land because Princess Rider was the fastest horseback rider ever.

Princess Rider came up to Carter and the prince and told them that because Carter was able to make half of the sky nighttime and half of the sky daytime, and because Carter was able to point her fingers in the sky and turn her fingers around, and then the sky turned around, she was going to give Carter a magic wand. Carter said, "thank you," and she held the magic wand. Just as she got the magic wand, she woke up from her dream, and she saw that her helmet was still on her. The mirror was on top of her bed, and she was still laying down. Carter took off her helmet and was going to tell her mom that it worked, that the dream lasted for a long time. But Carter looked over and under her blanket, she saw the magic wand that Ryder gave her. From then on, even after Carter woke up, she had magic powers that she could do with the magic wand. Carter and her family lived happily ever after. The end.