Welcome to makeup stories. My name's Dahlia. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. I'm Carter. I live in Toronto, Canada, and I want a story about a turkey, princess named Ride and a magic wand. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Carter who lives in Toronto, Canada, and who turned five years old last weekend on October 16. And so we want to say happy birthday to Carter. Happy birthday, Carter. Daughter carter. Also in my school, I have somebody named Carter that is special, and Carter asked for us to make up a story that includes a turkey, a princess named rider, and a magic wand. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Carter. Sometimes, when Carter went to sleep, she would have a dream in which she turned into a princess. And there was a prince that was trying to come rescue her. And the prince came on a horse, and Carter was a princess. And Carter the princess, told the prince that she was ready to be saved. And after the prince saved her, carter found out that she had some magic powers. But then Carter would wake up from her dream, and she would remember that it's just a dream, and she didn't really have any magic powers. And she always wished that she could stay in the dream just a little bit longer so that she could be a real princess. Well, one night, Carter's mom decided to put a mirror in front of Carter as she went to sleep. And so, right on top of Carter's bed, there was a big mirror. And Carter also wore a special helmet that night that had some stickers on it. And when Carter went to sleep that night in the helmet on her bed with the mirror on top, carter had that same dream where she was a princess, and she needed some help. And there was a big prince who was riding on a horse, and the prince was coming from a different kingdom, and the prince asked if he could help Princess Carter. And Carter said that she needed the help of the prince to save the kingdom. And the prince said that he could help. And Carter saw that this time she had some magic powers. So it was working. The mirror on top of her bed and the helmet that had stickers on them was making Carter's dream turn real. And Carter saw that the ends of her hair, the tipsy ends of her hair were turning kind of sparkly, and it looked like kind of birthday candles were growing from the tops of all of the trees. And everything around her was starting to change. All of the birds that were flying in the air turned into kites that could flap their wings. All of the cars that were driving in the streets turned into snails. And all of the traffic lights that were on top of the streets and were usually red, yellow and green. They all turned into a very silly kind of traffic light. When it was red, it squirted out red ketchup. When it was yellow, the traffic light squirted out mustard. And when it was green, it squirted out something that looked like frog juice. Was it lollipops that were green lollipops but melted? Yeah. The thing that looked like frog juice was actually really yummy because it was made out of melted green lollipops. And Princess Carter was looking around her special kingdom and she saw that there was a rainbow. And the rainbow in her kingdom was a really cool kind of rainbow, because in the rainbow you could see the shadows of fairies. And Princess Carter told the prince that she wanted to finally try her magic powers to see if they worked. And the prince said that he wanted to see if she could really do anything magical. And Carter looked up at the sky and she started to wish that all of the clouds would go down to the ground. And just as she wished for that, some of the clouds started to go a little lower, but they couldn't go all the way down. So Carter told the prince that her magic power wasn't working. And then the prince told Carter maybe if they held hands, that the magic power would work more. So the prince held Princess Carter's hand, and as they did it together, they both concentrated and the clouds came all the way down. When the clouds came to the ground, they turned into blue clouds. And instead of the clouds being made of little drops of rain, they turned into blue honey clouds that were made of little pieces of honey. And Princess Carter was really happy because the rivers in this magical world were supposed to have honey in them. It was a really special place, and honey was much better to have in rivers than just regular water. And so she decided it was time to have a magic party. And she told the prince that now that they held hands, her magic would be even stronger and she would try to do other magical things. And so Carter looked up to outer space and she saw that it suddenly became nighttime, and the sun went away. And then she said, light, and the sun came back. And she said dark. And the sun went away, and the moon came. And then she said, light and dark. And then in part of the sky, in half of the sky, it was daytime, and in half of the sky, it was nighttime. It was the first time anybody had ever used magic that made it day on half of the sky and night on the other half of the sky. And when Carter was looking up, she could see that in half of the sky there were stars, and in the other half of the sky, there was the sun. And in middle there was the Moon. And half of the moon you can see because it was in the light part. And the other half of the moon was in the dark part, and you could only kind of see its shadow or silhouette. The Prince told Carter that it was the coolest magic trick he had ever seen. And Carter said, watch this. And then Carter decided to turn her fingers around as she pointed to the sky. And as Carter turned her fingers around, the night and day sky started to spin around. And then the Prince said, wow, I didn't know you could make the sky spin. And then Carter decided to make the stars that were in the night part of the sky for the stars to turn into fireflies and to start flying around outer space. And all of the stars in the night part of the sky turned into fireflies, and they were making little dots of light in outer space. And then the Prince asked what Carter could do to the daytime part of the sky. And Carter says, Princess Rider. And just as Carter said Princess Rider, there was a princess that was riding on a big white horse. And the Princess was wearing special princess clothing, and she was followed by a bunch of her family members. And the princess, her name was Ryder, and she carried a bow and arrow. And she was the princess who is in charge of protecting Princess Carter's land, because Princess Rider was the fastest horseback rider ever. And Princess Rider came up to Carter and the Prince and Princess Rider told them that because Carter was able to make half of the sky nighttime and half of the sky daytime, and because Carter was able to point her fingers in the sky and turn her fingers around, and then the sky turned around that she was going to give Carter a magic wand. And then Carter said, thank you, and she held the magic wand. And just as she got the magic wand, she woke up from her dream, and she saw that her helmet was still on her. The mirror was on top of her bed, and she was still laying down. Carter took off her helmet and she was going to tell her mom that it worked, that the dream lasted for a long time. But Carter looked over and under her blanket, she saw the magic wand that Ryder gave her. And from then and there, even after Carter woke up, she had magic powers that she could do with the magic wand. And Carter and her family lived happily ever after. The End now it's time for some science questions. If you want to be on the Makeup Stories podcast and you have a question, then ask your parents to go to Makeup stories.com on their telephone or on their computer. Hi. My name is Aya. I'm four years old and I live in Australia. I listen to Makeup Stories every night and I love it. And my science question is how does fluff get made? Tonight's science question comes from a girl named Ayla who lives in Australia and who asks how fluff gets made. Ayla, that is an excellent question. So marshmallow fluff kind of comes from marshmallow. And there are two ways to make it. One way which kids at home can try with their parents is you put a bunch of marshmallows in a bowl and then you add a little bit of corn syrup or some honey, and then you put it in a microwave, and after it's in the microwave for a little bit, it will turn into marshmallow fluff. And then you mix it around. So that's how kids could make marshmallow fluff in their house. Another way, the way that they make marshmallow fluff in like a factory is you know how when you open up eggs, there's the good part, which is like the white part, and then there's the yellow part, which kids don't like as much. If you just take a bunch of the good part, the white part, and then you mix that together and you add some sugar and some other stuff, then that's also how you can make marshmallow fluff. And that's the way that they do it in factories. And so thanks for that excellent question. Ayla I'm leo. And thanks for listening to makeup drops.