Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They were digging in a sandbox, and first, they started with shovels, and they dug a really big hole in the sandbox. Then other kids joined, and they brought their shovels, and they made an even bigger hole. Some construction workers saw them digging, and they decided to use big construction diggers to keep digging. Soon enough, Jonah and Jesse were supervising the digging of the biggest hole in the world.

Now on our planet, Earth, the outside is made of dirt and stuff like that. Under the dirt, there are lots of rocks, and under the rocks, there's a kind of hot stuff called magma. Magma is like lava, but it's lava when it's inside the Earth. Lava mixed with everything else makes really strong lava, and it's also magnetic. That's what makes the North Pole and the South Pole.

Jonah and Jesse got so many helpers to help them dig that they dug all the way to the lava. It was the first time that people had ever dug all the way to the middle of the Earth where there's magma because every other time that people dug, they could make little holes in sandboxes or construction workers could make medium holes. But this was like everyone in town was digging, and it took a lot of months. So it was the deepest hole ever.

Jonah and Jesse were digging such a deep hole that they were trying to get to the other side of the world. They started in New Zealand and were trying to get to the other side of the world from New Zealand, which is probably in Europe somewhere. But the problem was that it was so hot in the middle, and when you dig a little bit, you might discover some worms or some ants or stuff like that. But when you dig so much, what Jonah and Jesse discovered were some new creatures that nobody ever found before because nobody ever dug that deep. And these were dragons.

Nobody knew about dragons because they never existed. The reason nobody knew about them was that nobody had ever dug that deep in the ground before. The reason that dragons liked it was that it was so hot underground with the magma, and they liked the hot because they breathe out hot stuff. Dragons loved the magma, and they lived there because they breathe out fire. It was the first time that anybody had ever discovered dragons.

But the dragons didn't even know that there were people that lived on top of Earth because the dragons that lived in the middle of Earth thought they were the only things alive on Earth since they never went outside. But now that there was a big hole, there was one dragon that escaped through the hole and went all the way out that big hole that Jonah and Jesse and the rest of the town dug. It started flying through the air, and it was its first time seeing people. People kind of made the dragon sneeze because it made the dragon's nose feel funny. When the dragon started to sneeze, it sneezed out some lava. The lava went all the way over the town of Wanika, where Jesse and Jonah lived, and it got some things on fire.

The fire department had to come, and they had to put out the fires that were made from the lava. They tried to use their fire hose to squirt the dragon, but the dragon was way too fast and got away. The good news was it was way too cold for the dragon when it was flying through the air, so it decided to go back inside the hole. When it went back inside the hole, all of the people were like, "That was pretty scary. First of all, we didn't know that there were dragons. And second, of all, it started to burn things up."

There was a meeting in the town, and Jonah told everybody in the town that they should fill up the hole again so that the dragons would never be able to come out of that hole again. They all agreed that that was a good idea. The next day, everyone went back to that big sandbox where Jesse and Jonah dug that hole, and they were all ready to fill it up when suddenly there was a whole team of dragons that flew out. The first dragon told its friends that there was actually an outside of the earth with air and water and stuff like that. Its friends didn't believe it, so they wanted to go see. Now there wasn't just one dragon flying around. There were like 40 of them. So many.

All of those dragons were flying around, and it was too much for the fire department. All of the fire departments in Wanika called all of the other ones to come to Wanika. They used Coast Guard ships that had huge water guns, but that also wasn't enough. All of the parents in town told all of the kids to go buy water guns. All of the kids that lived in New Zealand got water guns, and at the same time, they all started squirting in the air with their water guns. Now, one water gun wouldn't be enough for a dragon, but it was every kid in the whole of New Zealand that was squirting at the same time. On top of that, all of the firemen in New Zealand were also squirting, and all of the boats were squirting, too.

All of the dragons were getting so wet that they did not want to stay outside. Because when dragons get wet, what happens is it turns the fire inside of their mouth into ice. When the fire inside of a dragon turns into ice, the dragon's wings stop working because they get too heavy, and the dragon starts to fall down. All of the kids were squirting their water guns, and some of the dragons were starting to have the magma inside of them turn into ice. They decided that it's best to just go back in the hole. All of the dragons that survived went right back into that hole. Jonah and Jesse told all of the construction workers in town to fill up the hole, and they filled up the hole. That way, no more dragons were ever able to come out. They had a big dragon ice sculpture in town.

Jonah and Jesse and the whole town of Wanika lived happily ever after. The end.