Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup Stories, and I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www dot Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use aya welcome to make It up stories. My name is Alma. Go to makeup stories.com. Okay, Jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? X marks spot that has treasure in it, but the treasure has a genie in it. And the genie since we already had a genie in one of our stories, I'm going to just request that out of the story, and I'm going to say the treasure box again, but not the genie treasure that was not a genie, but it is just a treasure box without treasure. But when you go in the treasure box, you torn into treasure. Okay, so Jesse asked for a story that has an X marks the spot, and there's a treasure box there, and inside the treasure box, there's not a genie, because we had that in a different story, but instead, you turn into treasure. Jonah, is there anything that you want in the story? Jonah says no. Okay. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse were digging in a sandbox. And first they started with shovels, and they dug, like, a really big hole in the sandbox. And then other kids joined, and they brought their shovels, and they made an even bigger hole. And then there were some construction workers that saw them digging, and they decided to use, like, big construction diggers to keep digging. And soon enough, Jonah and Jesse were supervising the digging of the biggest hole in the world. Now on our planet on Earth, the outside is made of, like, dirt and stuff like that. And under the dirt, there is lots of rocks, and under the rocks, there's a kind of hot stuff called magma. And magma is like lava, but it's lava when it's inside the Earth. Lava mixed with everything else, which makes really strong lava. Yeah, it's lava mixed with everything else, which makes really strong lava, and it's also magnetic. And that's what makes the North Pole and the South Pole. And Jonah and Jesse, they got so many helpers to help them dig that they dug all the way to the lava. And it was the first time that people had ever dug all the way to the middle of the Earth where there's magma, because every other time that people dug, like, they could make little holes in sandboxes or construction workers could make medium holes. But this was like everyone in town was digging and it took like a lot of months. So it was the deepest hole ever. And then soon this was in Japan and soon Russia was called over in Tokyo and New Zealand. Well, so Jonah and Jesse were digging such a deep hole that they were trying to get to the other side of the world. So they started in New Zealand and they were trying to get to the other side of the world from New Zealand, which is probably like in Europe somewhere. But the problem was that it was so hot in the middle and when you dig like a little bit, you might discover some worms or some ants or stuff like that. But when you dig so much, what Joan and Jesse discovered was there were some new creatures that nobody ever found before because nobody ever dug that deep. And these were dragons. And the dragons dragons, nobody knows about them because they never exist. Yeah, nobody knows about dragons. And dragons, the reason nobody knew about them was because nobody had ever dug that deep in the ground before. And the reason that dragons liked it was that it was so hot underground with the magma, and the reason that they like hot is because they breathe out hot stuff. Yeah. And dragons loved the magma and they lived there because they breathe out fire. And so it was the first time that anybody had ever discovered dragons. But the dragons didn't even know that there were people that lived on top of Earth, because the dragons that lived in middle of Earth, they thought they were the only things alive on Earth since they never went outside. But now that there was a big hole, there was one dragon that escaped through the hole and it went all the way out that big hole that Jonah and Jesse and the rest of the town dug, and it started flying through the air and it was its first time seeing people. And people kind of made the dragon sneeze because it's kind of like it made the dragon's nose feel funny. And when the dragon started to sneeze, it sneezed out some lava. And the lava went all the way over the town of Wanica where Jesse and Jonah live, and it got some things on fire. And so the fire department had to come and they had to squirt out the fires that were made from the lava, and they tried to use their fire hose to squirt the dragon, but the dragon was way too fast and it got away. But the good news was it was way too cold for the dragon when it was flying through the air, so it decided to go back inside the hole. When it went back inside the hole, all of the people were like, that was pretty scary. First of all, we didn't know that there were dragons. And second, of all, it started to burn things up. And so there was a meeting in the town, and Jonah told everybody in the town that they should fill up the hole again so that the dragons would never be able to come out of that hole again. And they all agreed that that was a good idea. And so the next day, everyone went back to that big sandbox where Jesse and Joan dug that hole, and they were all ready to fill it up, when suddenly there was a whole team of dragons that flew out, because the first dragon told its friends that there was actually an outside of the earth with air and water and stuff like that. And its friends didn't believe it, so they wanted to go see. And so now there wasn't just one dragon flying around. There was like 40 of them. So many. And all of those dragons were flying around, and it was too much for the fire department. And so all of the fire department in Wanika, they called all of the other ones to come to Wanika. Yeah, the fire department. Joanna, were you going to say something? And soon there was a ship. That all it had on it was a bunch of water on the ship Dover, and instead of just normal fire hydrants, they used the whole sea to put out the file. Yeah, so they used kind of Coast Guard ships that had huge water guns, but that also wasn't enough. And so all of the parents in town told all of the kids to go buy water guns. And all of the kids that lived in New Zealand, they all got water guns. And at the same time, they all started squirting in the air with their water guns. Now, one water gun wouldn't be enough for a dragon, but it was every kid in the whole of New Zealand that was squirting at the same time. And on top of that, all of the firemen in New Zealand were also squirting, and all of the boats were squirting, too. And so all of the dragons were getting so wet that they did not want to stay outside. Because when dragons get wet, what happens is it turns the fire inside of their mouth into ice. And when the fire inside of a dragon turns into an ice, then the dragon's wings stop working because they get too heavy and the dragon starts to fall down. And so all of the kids were squirting their water guns, and some of the dragons were starting to have the magma inside of them turn into ice, and they decided that it's best to just go back in the hole. And so all of the dragons that survived, there was one that got shot down from the water guns. The rest went right back into that hole. And then Jonah and Jesse, they had told all of the fire department, all the kids, to squirt so much water at the dragon that fell down, and they turned all the way into ice. And then while that one was ice, then Jonah and Jesse told all the construction workers in town to fill up the hole, and they filled up the hole, and that way, no more dragons were ever able to come out. And they had a big dragon ice sculpture in town. Jonah, were you supposed to say something? And then they decided the next year to take the ice sculpture of the dragon because there was a dragon inside, and put it in a huge oven and then make it like Willie hall and then keep it in the hail for a long time. Yeah, but that's a different story. And this story is getting a little bit long. And so Jonah and Jesse and the whole town of Wanika lived happily ever after. The end. We need a naido. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Oliver. Go to makeup stories.com if you want to be a part of the club. Bye. Thank you. Bye, everyone.