Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Violet. Violet lived in a little castle near a cookie factory. The castle was made of stone and had many colorful flags that waved in the wind on top of the castle. There were windows in the castle, and sometimes Violet would look out and see the river on the other side. There were fish swimming in the river, and sometimes Violet even saw dolphins from her window inside the castle.

Violet was lucky because she was a princess, and her mom was a queen who lived upstairs in the castle. Sometimes, Violet's mom, the queen, would come down wearing her queen dress, a crown on her head, a necklace around her neck, and a silly bracelet around her foot. Violet's mom told Violet that there was going to be a windstorm, and Violet said okay. The queen said that sometimes during windstorms, things could blow away, and if anything blew away, they would have to get it the next day. Violet said okay.

That night, after Violet went to bed on her princess bed in the castle, she heard some sounds of wind outside. The next morning, when Violet woke up, she saw a bird by the window on the other side of her castle. Violet told her mom to open the window, and the bird came inside, hiding a secret egg under its wings. Violet asked the bird if it could talk, and the bird, a parrot, said it could mimic people's words. Violet asked the bird why it was hiding an egg, and the bird whispered, "Princess Violet, last night, the nest this egg was in, which I lived in for 200 years, blew away. Now I want this egg to live in the castle, and I'll be a pet in the castle." Violet asked her mom if it would be okay to have the talking parrot as a special royal pet in her princess castle. The queen said that because there was so much wind last night and the parrot's egg didn't have a home anymore, it could grow up in the castle.

The next day, Violet woke up and told her mom that right after breakfast, she wanted to visit her parrot because the parrot, now a royal parrot, had its own room in the castle. Violet ate some yummy eggs for breakfast and then went running to the room where her new parrot was staying. Just as she got in the room, she saw that the egg was starting to hatch, and something was coming out of the egg. It was not a little baby parrot but an octopus bird. An octopus bird is like a regular bird, but instead of just having two wings, an octopus bird also has eight hands and eight arms attached to it. An octopus bird can fly while spinning around in a circle. An octopus bird is really good at coloring and sneaking.

Violet told the parrot that she had never seen an octopus bird before and asked why it couldn't fly yet. The parrot told Violet that it was just born but that the octopus bird grows so quickly that it becomes a big kid bird and then a teenager bird in just two days. Violet said she was so excited to come back to visit the octopus bird tomorrow.

The next day, Violet woke up again, and this day, the baby octopus bird was next to her in bed. Violet was surprised and asked the baby octopus bird how it got there. The baby octopus bird had gotten bigger and had opened the doorknob with some of its octopus arms and hands, then crawled into bed and wanted to sleep right next to her like a stuffed toy. Violet said to the octopus bird that she was going to get the parrot for some help. Violet went with her mom to the parrot bird's room and said, "Parrot bird, are you looking for anybody?" The parrot bird said that it was looking for its baby octopus bird. Violet showed the parent bird where the baby octopus bird was, and the parrot said, "You are so silly, baby octopus bird, because you are not a stuffed toy. You should try to see if you're good at drawing because baby octopus birds have so many hands and they can hold so many crayons at the same time."

So Violet went with the parrot and the baby octopus bird to her living room. The queen gave the baby octopus bird some crayons and paper. The baby octopus bird started to draw a pegasus. It was so good at drawing because it could draw so many different colors with different hands at the same time, and it was able to draw a pegasus, which looked like a horse with wings, so quickly. Violet asked the baby octopus bird why it decided to draw a pegasus. The baby octopus's mom, the parrot, said the reason the baby octopus bird drew a pegasus is that pegasuses also have wings. Violet thought that was silly, so she laughed. Violet and her family lived happily ever after. The end.