My name is Violet. I'm five years old. I live in Baltimore. I would like a story about a Pegasus, a queen, and an artist. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Violet, who lives in Baltimore, Maryland, and who turns six years old tomorrow on April 13. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Violet. Happy birthday, Violet. And Violet asked for us to make up a story that includes a pegasus, which is kind of like a unicorn that could fly. And Violet also wants us to include a queen and an artist. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Violet. Violet lived in a little castle, which was near a cookie factory. And the castle that Violet lived in was made of stone, and it had a lot of different colorful flags that waved in the wind on top of the castle. And there were some windows in the castle. And sometimes Violet would look out the windows and see the river that was on the other side of the castle. And there would be fish that were swimming in the river. And sometimes Violet even saw dolphins from her window inside the castle. Violet was lucky, because she was a princess, and Violet's mom was a queen who lived upstairs in the castle. Sometimes Violet's mom, the queen, would come down, and she would have her queen dress, and she would have her queen costume, and she would also have a crown on her head and a necklace around her neck, and a bracelet which was around her foot. It was a really silly bracelet. And Violet's mom told Violet that there was going to be a windstorm. And Violet said okay. And Violet's mom, the queen, said that sometimes during windstorms, things could blow away, and if anything blew away, that they would have to get it the next day. Violet said okay. That night, after Violet went to bed on her princess bed in the castle, violet heard some sounds of wind outside. And the next morning, when Violet woke up, she saw that there was a bird. And the bird was sitting right by the window on the other side of her castle. So Violet told her mom to open up the window, and the bird came inside, and the bird was hiding a secret egg. But why was he hiding a secret egg? Or why was he even going on top of the window? And the bird came in through the window, carrying his secret egg under his wings. And Violet said, Bird, are you a talking bird? And the bird was a parrot. And some parrots can say some words like they could copy people. And so the bird said, I am a parrot. And the bird sounded not like a regular person, but like a parrot. And Violet asked, did he say tweet? Tweet. I am a parrot. Yeah, that's how he said Tweet. Tweet before. And after everything that he said. And the bird told Violet that during the storm, a lot of things blew away. And all of the bridges next to the castle blew away, so you couldn't get out of the castle and all of the roads near the castle blew away, so you couldn't take even a fast horse from the castle's stables and ride even the fastest horse away. And Violet asked the bird why it was hiding an egg, and the bird said very softly and quietly, princess Violet, last night, the nest that this egg was in, which is a nest that I sat in and lived in for the past 200 years, blew away. And now I want this egg to live in the castle, and I'll be a pet in the castle. And Violet asked her mom if it would be okay to have the talking parrot as a special royal pet in her princess castle. And Violet's mom, the queen, said that because there was so much wind last night and because the parrot's egg didn't have a home anymore, that it could grow up in the castle. The next day, Violet woke up and she told her mom that right after breakfast, she wanted to visit her parrot, because the parrot, since it was now a royal parrot, it lived in a castle, had its own room, and Violet gobbled up some yummy eggs for breakfast. And then she went running to the room where her new parrot was staying. And just as she got in the room, she saw that the egg was starting to hatch, and something was coming out of the egg. And the thing that was coming out of the egg was not a little baby parrot, but an octopus bird. An octopus bird is like a regular bird, but instead of just having two wings, an octopus bird also has eight hands and eight arms attached to it. And so an octopus bird can fly while at the same time spinning around in a circle. An octopus bird is really good at coloring. Is it also good at, like, sneaking out wolf? If there's a basement on stairs, they could just open the door or fly so it doesn't fall downstairs. The octopus was really good. It was just a baby octopus because it just came out of the egg. But the octopus, you could tell even by looking at it, even when it was so small, that it was really good at sneaking. Well, Violet told the parrot that she never saw an octopus bird before, and she asked the parrot why it couldn't fly yet. And the parrot told Violet that it was just born, but that the octopus bird is a kind of bird that grows so quickly that it becomes a big kid bird and then a teenager bird, so quickly, like in two days. And Violet said she was so excited to come back to visit the octopus bird tomorrow. The next day, Violet woke up again. And this day as she woke up, there was somebody on the bed next to her. And the thing that was next to her was the baby octopus bird. Violet was like, how did the baby octopus bird get in this bed next to me? But then she realized the baby octopus bird had gotten bigger, and it went all the way up to the doorknob because it could fly. And it opened the doorknob with some of its octopus arms and hands, and then it crawled into bed and wanted to sleep right next to her like a stuffy. And Violet said to the octopus bird that it was going to get the parrot for some help. And Violet went with her mom to the parrot bird's room and said, parrot bird, are you looking for anybody? And the parrot bird said that it was looking for its baby octopus bird. And Violet said, I know where it is. So Violet showed the parent bird where the baby octopus bird was, and the parrot said, I think you are so silly, baby octopus bird, because you are not a stuffy. You should try to see if you're good at drawing because baby octopus birds have so many hands and they can hold so many crayons at the same time. So Violet went with the parrot and with the baby octopus bird to her living room. And Violet's mom, the queen, gave the baby octopus bird some crayons and the baby octopus bird and some paper. And some paper osabud. And the baby octopus bird started to draw a pegasus. And it was so good at drawing because it could draw so many different colors with different hands at the same time, and it was able to draw a pegasus, which looked like a horse with wings so quickly. And Violet asked the baby octopus bird why it decided to draw a pegasus. And the baby octopus's mom, the parrot said, the reason that the baby octopus bird drew a pegasus is because pegasuses or pegasai also have wings. And Violet thought that was silly. So she laughed. And Violet and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Welcome to Mixed Up Stories. My name is Violet. Make tough stories is the best. Tell all your friends.