Once upon a time, there was a big girl named Sailor who was four years old. Sailor lived in a house and always wanted to go on an ocean adventure to see what she could find because she was an explorer. One day, she was walking on the beach near the ocean when she found someone wearing a captain's hat and a blue shirt. Sailor asked her mama, "Mama, can you ask that man if he's a captain of a ship and could take us on an adventure?" Sailor's mom asked the man, "Are you a captain, and can you take us on an adventure?" The man said he was a captain and that he could take them on an adventure.

So they went aboard his special sailship, and they sailed the ocean. Sailor was lucky because she packed a ponamu, which is a green stone, and she also packed some treats and snacks. Her mom also had a special lunch for her, as did the captain of the sailship. It was a windy day, and the wind blew the sailship over the ocean as Sailor sat on the deck of the sailboat. It started to get foggy, like a cloud fell from the sky, and it was hard to see many things. But luckily, Sailor brought her binoculars and used them to look through and see something special.

Through her binoculars, Sailor saw a pink magical island floating on top of the ocean. Regular islands are attached to the ground and stick out of the ocean, but this was a magical, special island that floated in the air on top of the ocean. You could even sail under the island between the bottom of the island and the ship. You didn't have to worry that the island would fall on you because it magically floated. All of the stones on the magic island were pink. There was a ladder that fell from the magic island and a sign that said "He Sausa Gingahama." Sailor asked her mom what that meant, and her mama said she didn't know. But they decided that it meant it was safe to go on the magical pink floating island.

When they climbed up the ladder and got onto the pink magical island, they saw that the sky looked different. Instead of having a regular sun in the sky on this magical island, there were shiny crystals in the sky, and that's where the light came from. The island also had big, big waterfalls, but the waterfalls didn't pour from rocks or cliffs. The waterfalls on this island came directly from the clouds, so the water would pour from the clouds all the way onto the island. There were animals on the island that were very silly. There were monkeys that wore necklaces and walked on their hands. There was even a blue octopus that had a water gun.

One of the most special animals on the whole island was an alicorn. An alicorn is a rainbow-colored unicorn with wings that could fly. The alicorn came straight up to Sailor and said, "Sailor, Sailor, I'm so happy you discovered this magical island because my wings don't work, and I wanted to fly, but I'm the only alicorn, which is a unicorn with wings that can't even fly. Can you help me make my wings fly?" Sailor said to the alicorn, "Well, I'm just a four-year-old girl. How am I even going to help your wings work?" The unicorn said, "We need something magical. Do you have anything magical that could make my wings work again?"

Sailor thought and thought, and then she said, "Maybe a pink rock because the island was floating over the water, and it had a lot of pink rocks." So she picked up a pink rock and put it over the alicorn's wings. But it didn't work. The pink rock wouldn't work. When she put the pink rock over the alicorn's wings, the color of the alicorn's wings changed from rainbow color to pink.

The alicorn said, "I really need my wings to be green if they are to fly at all." Sailor said, "Oh, I know we could use the ponamu, which is the green rock, the green stone that you can kind of see through a little bit, which was shaped like a snail that she had in her pocket because ponamous could be a little bit magical." The alicorn said, "Okay, Sailor, try that." Sailor rubbed her special green ponamu on the alicorn's wings, and suddenly they started flapping a little bit, and the wings turned green, which was the good color. The alicorn said, "My wings are starting to feel good. They don't even hurt." He started to jump, and Sailor said, "Flap your wings. Flap your wings."

The alicorn started to flap its green wings, and it was able to fly over the floating pink magical island. The monkeys on the island started cheering, and the octopus with the water gun tried to squirt the water gun at the alicorn while he was flying, just to be silly. But the alicorn flew so high that the water gun couldn't even get him, and the water landed right before it was about to touch.

Sailor asked the alicorn if she could have a ride because she fixed its wings. The alicorn said okay. As she got on the alicorn for a special flying unicorn ride, she noticed that there were some bugs high up in the sky next to the crystals in the sky where the light came from. She said, "Alicorn, fly up high so I can see the bugs that are over there." The alicorn said, "Husawisagi Gaganga," and started flapping his wings. They went up in the air, higher and higher, until they found that up in the sky, on top of the magical floating island, there was a whole special world of ladybugs. There were ladybugs flying everywhere.

As they got so high, Sailor saw that it was starting to get dark. She told the alicorn to let her go down because it must have been that they arrived at space. Sailor was afraid they got so high up in the sky that they were almost going to space. The alicorn, which is a unicorn with wings, started to fly down with Sailor. They flew all the way back down to the magic pink floating island with the silly monkeys, octopuses, and waterfalls that came from the clouds. Sailor's mom said, "Did you have a fun ride?" Sailor said she saw so many ladybugs. The captain of the ship said, "Well, we better go home and tell other people about the magic island."

So they sailed back home, and Sailor told all of her friends that she found the magic island. Sailor, her mama, all of her friends, and the captain of the ship lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to Make Up because they will like it.