Welcome to makeup the kids bedtime one bit. And my name is Sailor. I'm from Auckland, New Zealand. I'm four. I like a story belt alicorns ladybugs. I'm ponymood. Tonight's makesup story is a request from a four year old girl whose name is Sailor and who lives in Auckland, New Zealand. New Zealand is a very special place. Sailor asks for us to make up a story that includes an alicorn. An alicorn is a unicorn that has wings. And Sailor also asks for us to include ladybugs and a ponamo. Ponemos are green stones which are shiny and could have shapes like caterpillar shapes or different kind of or snail shapes or different kind of spiral shapes. Well, once upon a time, there was a big girl whose name was Sailor and who was four years old. Sailor lived in a house, and she always wanted to go on adventure in the ocean to see what she could find, because Sailor was an explorer. Well, one day, she was walking around the beach right near the ocean when she found somebody wearing a captain's hat and who had a blue shirt. And Sailor asked her mama, she said, Mama, can you ask that man if he's a captain of a ship and could take us on adventure? And Sailor's mom asked the man, are you a captain, and can you take us on adventure? And the man said that he was a captain and that he could take them on adventure. So they went aboard his special sailship, and they went in the ocean. Sailor was lucky because she packed a ponamu, which is a green stone, and she also packed some treats and some snacks. And her mom also had a special lunch for her, as did the captain of the sailship. It was kind of windy that day, and the wind was blowing the sailship over the ocean as Sailor was sitting on the deck of the sailboat, and it started to get foggy. It was like a cloud fell down from the sky, and it was hard to see so many things. But luckily, Sailor brought her binoculars, and she used her binoculars to look through and see something special. Well, Sailor saw through her binoculars that there was a pink magical island floating on top of the ocean. Regular islands are attached to the ground and stick out of the ocean. But this was a magical, special island which floated in the air on top of the ocean, so you could even sail under the island between the bottom of the island and the ship. And you didn't have to worry that the island would fall on you because it magically floated. And all of the stones on the magic island were pink. And there was a ladder that fell down from the magic island and a sign that said He Sausa Gingahama. And Sailor asked her mom what that meant, and her mama said she didn't know. But they decided that it meant it was safe to go on the magical pink floating island. When they climbed up the ladder and got onto the pink magical island, they saw that the sky looked different. Instead of having a regular sun in the sky on this magical island, there was shiny crystals in the sky, and that is where the light came from. The island also had big, big waterfalls, but the waterfalls didn't pour from rocks or cliffs. The waterfalls on this island came directly from the clouds, so the water would pour from the clouds all the way onto the island. And there were animals on the island that were very silly. There were monkeys that wore necklaces and walked on their hands. There was even a blue octopus that had a water gun. And one of the most special animals on the whole island was an alicorn. An alicorn is a rainbow colored unicorn with wings that could fly. And the alicorn, which looks like a unicorn, came straight up to Sailor and said, sailor, sailor, I'm so happy you discovered this magical island, because my wings don't work, and I wanted to fly, but I'm the only alicorn, which is a unicorn that has wings that can't even fly. Can you help me make my wings fly? And sailor said to the alicorn, well, I'm just a four year old girl. How am I even going to help your wings work? And the unicorn said, we need something magical. Do you have anything magical that could make my wings work again? And sailor was thinking and thinking and thinking, and Sailor couldn't figure out what was. And then she said, well, maybe a pink rock, because the island was floating over the water, and it had a lot of pink rocks. So she picked up a pink rock and put it over the alicorn's wings. And do you know if it worked, bud? What? Do you know if it worked? Yes. It didn't even work. The pink rock wouldn't work. But when she put the pink rock over the alicorn's wings, then the color of the alicorn's wings changed from rainbow color to pink. Well, the alicorn said, I really need my wings to be like green color if they are to fly at all. And sailor said, oh, I know we could use the ponamu, which is the green rock, the green stone that you can kind of see through a little bit, which was shaped like a snail that she had in her pocket, because ponamous could be a little bit magical. And so the alicorn said, okay, sailor, try that. Try that. And she rubbed her special green ponamu on the alicorn's wings, and suddenly she saw that they were flapping a little bit, and the wings were turning green, which was the good color. And the alicorn said, my wings are starting to feel good. They don't even hurt. And he started to jump, and the alicorn was afraid he would fall, but sailor said, Flap your wings. Flap your wings. And the alicorn started to flap its green wings, and it was able to fly over the floating pink magical island. And the monkeys on the island started cheering, and they would say and the octopus that had the water gun started to try to squirt the water gun at the alicorn while he was flying. But just to be silly. But the alicorn flew so high that the water gun couldn't even get him that the water landed right before it was about to touch. Yeah, right before it was about to touch. And then Sailor asked the alicorn if she could have a ride because she is the one that fixed its wings. And the alicorn said okay. And as she got on the alicorn for a special flying unicorn ride, she noticed that there were some bugs high up in the sky that were next to the crystals in the sky where the light came from. And she said, Alicorn, alicorn, fly up high so I can see the bugs that are over there. And Alicorn said, husawisagi Gaganga. And he started flapping his wings. And Alicorn felt that they were going up in the air. And Alicorn flapped his wings again. And they got uppie and higher and uppie and higher until they found that up in the sky, on top of the magical floating island, there was a whole special world of ladybugs. There were ladybugs that were flying everywhere. And as they got so high, Sailor saw that it was starting to get dark. So she told the alicorn to let her go down because it must have been that they arrived at space because Sailor was afraid they got so high up in the sky that they were almost going to space. Well, the alicorn, which is a unicorn with wings, started to fly down with Sailor. And they flew all the way back down to the magic pink floating island that had the silly monkeys with necklaces and octopuses and the waterfalls that came from the clouds. And Sailor's mom said, did you have a fun ride? And Sailor said she saw so many ladybugs. And the captain of the ship said, well, we better go home and tell other people about the magic island. So they sailed back home, and Sailor told all of her friends that she found the magic island. And Sailor and her mama and all of her friends and the captain of the ship lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up it because they like it.