Once upon a time, there was a big boy whose name was Cedar. Cedar lived in a house with a backyard and a garage. In the garage, Cedar's dad had a lot of bicycles and a lot of work equipment to build things. Cedar decided to invite his friend Ethan over to play. Ethan went over to Cedar's house, and they started playing by themselves in the backyard when suddenly they saw a snake. The snake was a lot of colors. It was red, green, and blue, and it was not so very big. But Cedar said that they should be careful. Ethan said, "My dad told me that if a snake has a lot of colors, you have to be extra special careful because it could be a poisonous snake." 

So Cedar and Ethan went back inside their house and ran to their mom and dad. They said, "Mom, dad, there's a poisonous snake downstairs in the backyard." The mom and dad said, "Thanks for telling us, and good job being safe by going away." Cedar's mom and dad ran down to the backyard, and they brought a stick with them. They said, "Whenever you're with a snake that could be dangerous, it's always good to have a stick. So if it goes close to you, you could swat it away with a stick." Cedar and Ethan watched from a porch, and before the mom and dad got to the snake, a rabbit came out, and the snake hissed at the rabbit, and then it spit something out of its mouth. The thing that it spit out of its mouth was poison. The rabbit collapsed, and it couldn't move anymore. Cedar's dad decided to use the stick to make the snake go away, and the snake was scared of the stick, so it slithered all the way away into a hole, never to be heard from again.

Cedar and Ethan said, "Quick, you have to save the rabbit because the snake didn't eat it yet." Cedar's mom went down to the rabbit, and she saw that it was still thumping a little bit, going thump, thump, thump, and its leg was moving. Cedar's mom said, "Quick, guys, let's take it to the animal hospital." So Cedar and Ethan went in the car with Cedar's mom and dad, and they brought the rabbit in the trunk with them. Cedar said, "Guys, time to zoom to the hospital." They zoomed to the hospital with the rabbit with them. 

When they got to the animal hospital, they saw there were a lot of dogs and cats with their owners. The dogs didn't like to be there because they were afraid of the animal doctor, and the animal doctor is called a veterinarian. The rabbit wasn't afraid because it couldn't really move so much. Cedar and Ethan went up to the front desk, and they told the person in charge, "We have a real emergency. A snake spit something at the rabbit. The rabbit can't move so much now, but it's still thumping and moving its leg a little bit. Can you guys save it?" The person behind the desk said, "Everyone, you have to wait your turns with your dogs and cats. There is a real emergency about a rabbit that got some poison from a snake, and so we have to take care of this first." 

They said, "Cedar and Ethan, since you helped save the day, you guys get some chocolate quarters." They got a little bag of chocolate quarters. Cedar and Ethan decided before they ate them, they would save them up to make sure the rabbit was okay first, and only if the rabbit was okay, then they would start eating the chocolate. The animal doctor, called the veterinarian, told them they could come in the back with him to watch what he did. The animal doctor said, "Okay, first we're going to put the rabbit on a table, and then we're going to put a little instrument on the rabbit, and it'll go right on the rabbit's chest, which is under the rabbit, and we're going to listen to see if it has a heartbeat." The animal doctor put something on the rabbit's chest and listened closely in his ears, because the other part of it went in the animal doctor's ears. 

He said, "Guys, I have important news for everyone." Cedar said, "What is it? What is it?" Ethan said, "I think I know what the doctor is going to say." The doctor said, "The good news is the rabbit has a heartbeat. That means he's still alive." Ethan said, "I knew that you were going to say that because I saw the leg moving, and that means it's alive." Then the doctor said, "But I also have some bad news. The bad news is, because the rabbit got some poison from the snake, I don't have something that can make the poison go away. So we need to figure out what we can make that'll make the poison go away." 

Cedar remembered that he had some food coloring in his pocket, which was blue, and Ethan remembered that he had some food coloring in his pocket, which was red, and the doctor had a shot. So they decided they would put the red food coloring in the shot and the blue color food coloring and mix it together and see what color it became. Then they would give that shot to the rabbit and see if that worked and made the rabbit feel better. Cedar was afraid to say that to the animal doctor because Cedar was a little bit shy. So Cedar decided to whisper it to his mom. He said, "Mom, I have an idea of how to use some medicine that might make the rabbit feel better." His mom said, "What?" Cedar told his mom the idea. Cedar also told his mom that Ethan had the different color food coloring, and his mom said, "That is an excellent idea." 

So they mixed together the food coloring in a little cup, and then they used the shot to get it out of the cup. After they did that, the doctor said, "Now I'm going to mix it around." Ethan said, "I have a good idea. You should blow on the shot also." He blew on it. Then the doctor put the shot in the rabbit, right on his chest, and put in the different color food coloring, which was mixed up. Do you know what happened? It worked. The rabbit got better. It thumped up and started walking around and looking at everyone, and the rabbit was thinking, "Where am I? Where am I?" It looked at Ethan and Cedar and saw that those two boys were smiling so much, and it remembered that the rabbit saw them right before they left the backyard, before it got bitten by the snake. The rabbit decided that these were the boys that saved the day. The rabbit jumped into Ethan's lap, and then it jumped from Ethan's lap to Cedar's lap, and Cedar started petting it. 

Cedar's mom told Cedar that he could keep the rabbit as a pet after they got back home and that it could stay in the garage. Ethan said, "What about me?" Cedar's dad said, "Well, you can also have the rabbit sometimes on weekends when it's Saturdays and Sundays. Then it'll go to your house." They decided that was a fair deal. They drove with their car all the way back to their house and put the rabbit in the garage. The rabbit was so happy, and the snake was never to be heard from again. Cedar, Ethan, Cedar's mom, and dad lived happily ever after. The doctor helped the rabbit. Yeah, but he only helped because of the idea from Cedar and Ethan about the kind of shot that would help make the poison go away. The end.