You. Okay? Once upon a time, there was a big boy whose name was Cedar. And Cedar lived in a house with a backyard and a garage. And in the garage, Cedar's dad had a lot of bicycles and a lot of work equipment to build things. And Cedar decided to invite his friend Ethan over to play. And Ethan went over to Cedar's house, and they started playing by themselves in the backyard when suddenly they saw a snake. And the snake was a lot of colors. It was red and green and blue, and it was not so very big. But Cedar said that they should be careful. And Ethan said, my dad Owens told me that if a snake has a lot of colors, you have to be extra special careful because it could be a poison snake. And so Cedar and Ethan went back inside their house and ran to their mom and to their dad. And they said, Mom, dad, there's a poison snake downstairs in the backyard. And the mom and dad said, thanks for telling us, and good being safe by going away. Well, Cedar's mom and dad ran down to the backyard, and they brought a stick with them. And they said, whenever you're with a snake that could be dangerous, it's always good to have a stink. So if it goes close to you, you could SWAT it away with a stick. And Cedar and Ethan watched from a porch, and before the mom and dad got to the snake, a rabbit came out, and the snake hissed at the rabbit, and then it spit something out of its mouth. And the thing that it spit out of its mouth was poison. And so the rabbit collapsed, and it couldn't move anymore. Well, Cedar's dad decided to use the stick to make the snake go away, and the snake was scared of the stick, so it slithered all the way away into a hole, never to be heard from again. And Cedar and Ethan said, quick, you have to save the rabbit because the snake didn't eat it yet. And Cedar's mom went down to the rabbit, and she saw that it was still thumping a little bit, going thump, thump, thump, and its leg was moving. And Cedar's mom said, Quick, guys, let's take it to the animal hospital. So Cedar and Ethan went in the car with the mom with Cedar's mom and dad, and they brought the rabbit in the trunk with them. And Cedar said, guys, time to zoom into the hospital. And they zoomed to the hospital with the rabbit with them. And when they got to the animal hospital, they saw there were a lot of doggies there and a lot of kitty cats with their owners. And the doggies didn't like to be there because they were afraid of the animal doctor, and the animal doctor is called a veterinarian. And so the rabbit wasn't afraid because it couldn't really move so much. Well, cedar and Ethan went up to the front desk, and they told the person in charge, we have a real emergency. A snake spit something at the rabbit. And the rabbit can't move so much now, but it's still thumping and moving its leg a little bit. Can you guys save it? And the person behind the desk said, everyone, you have to wait your turns with your doggies and your kitty cats. There is a real emergency about a rabbit that got some poison from a snake, and so we have to take care of this first. And then they said, Cedar and Ethan, since you helped save the day, you guys get some chocolate quarters. And what were you going to say? They get the little bag it comes in. Yeah, they got the little bag of chocolates, that little bag of chocolate quarters. And Cedar and Ethan decided before they ate them, they would save them up to make sure the rabbit was okay first, and only if the rabbit was okay, then they would start eating the chocolate. And the animal doctor called the veterinarian, told them they can come in back with him to watch what he did. And the animal doctor said, okay, first we're going to put the rabbit on a table, and then we're going to put a little instrument on the rabbit, and it'll go right on the rabbit's chest, which is under the rabbit, and we're going to listen to see if it has a heartbeat. And the animal doctor put something on the animals on the rabbit's chest and listen closely in his ears, because the other part of it went in the animal doctor's ears. And he said, guys, I have important news for everyone. And Cedar said, what is it? What is it? And Ethan said, I think I know what the doctor is going to say. And the doctor said, the good news is the rabbit has a heartbeat. That means he's still alive. And Ethan said, I knew that you were going to say that, because I saw the leg moving, and that means it's alive. And then the doctor said, but I also have some bad news. And the bad news is, because the rabbit got some poison from the snake, I don't have something that can make the poison go away. So we need to figure out what we can make that'll make the poison go away. And Cedar remembered that he had some food coloring in his pocket, which was blue, and Ethan remembered that he had some food coloring in his pocket, which was red, and the doctor had a shot. So they decided they would put the red food coloring in the shot and the blue color food coloring and mix it together and see what color it became. And then they would give that shot to the rabbit and see if that worked and made the rabbit feel better. So Cedar was afraid to say that to the animal doctor because Cedar was a little bit shy. So Cedar decided to whisper it to his mom. And he said, Mom, I have an idea of how to use some medicine that might make the rabbit feel better. And his mom said what? And Cedar told his mom the idea. And Cedar also told his mom that Ethan had the different color food coloring, and his mom said, that is an excellent idea. And so they mixed together the food coloring in a little cup, and then they used the shot to get it out of the cup. And then after they did that, the doctor said, now I'm going to mix it around. And Ethan said, I have a good idea. You should blow on the shot also. And he blew on it. And then the doctor put the shot in the rabbit, right on his chest, and put in the different color food coloring, which was mixed up. And do you know what happened? It worked. The rabbit got better. And suddenly it thumped up and started walking around and looking at everyone, and the rabbit was thinking, where am I? Where am I? And it looked at Ethan, and it looked at Cedar, and it saw that those two boys were smiling so much, and it remembered that the rabbit saw them right before they left the backyard, before he got eaten by a snake. And so the rabbit decided that these were the boys that saved the day. So the rabbit jumped into Ethan's lap, and then it jumped from Ethan's lap to Cedar's lap, and Cedar started petting it. And Cedar's mom told Cedar that he could keep the rabbit as a pet after they got back home and that it could stay in the garage. And Ethan said, what about me and Cedar's? Dad said, well, you can also have the rabbit sometimes on weekends when it's Saturdays and Sundays. Then it'll go to your house. And they decided that was a fair deal. So they drove with their car all the way back to their house and put the rabbit in the garage. And the rabbit was so happy, and the snake was never to be heard from again. So Cedar and Ethan and Cedar's mom and dad lived happily ever after. Doctor helped the rabbit. Yeah, but he only helped because of the idea from Cedar and Ethan about the kind of shot that would help make the poison go away. So the way we get poison out of animals so the pretend way is to put going in. Yeah, that's the pretend way. There's a real way which is different. The real way should I tell you what they do? What a real way to get poison out is? First, they make a snake give some poison in a regular cup, but not by biting something. And then they take the poison out of the snake. And then they figured out that if they do something with that poison but the snake doesn't bite you, then after the snake does bite you with the poison, then that poison that they collected before could make you all better. And that's a real way of getting out. You have to get the poison out of the snake first, and then that could also make you better later. The end. That's the end of the story. If you want me to make up a special story for you, then tell me three special things you want to be in the story and your name and write a review. I'll make up special story just for.