Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two boys named Aaron and Camden. Aaron lived in a house made of ropes. The house was tied between a few trees, and there were lots of ropes so you could walk on the floor. But you had to have good balance in case you ever fell out of the house. Between the ropes, there was a trampoline on the bottom so you wouldn't get hurt, and you could bounce back up to the house. If you bounced back up to the house from the trampoline, you would have to grab onto a piece of rope and climb back up. Camden was the best at this game.

Sometimes Camden would walk around his rope house, which was tied to some trees, and he would fall out of the house on purpose. He would go all the way down to the trampoline and bounce back up. Camden and Aaron loved their rope trampoline house so much. One day, they woke up and found a giant necklace. It was a huge chain made of gold, the biggest gold necklace any two kids had ever found. Suddenly, Camden and Aaron became the richest kids in the world because they found a giant necklace made out of gold.

Aaron and Camden asked their mom, "Do you know where the necklace came from?" Their mom said she couldn't figure it out. They called the police, who said that because Camden and Aaron found the giant's necklace, they could keep it since the giant went away. Aaron and Camden promised that if the giant ever came back, they would give back the gold necklace. Until then, they could be the richest kids in the world. They cheered, "Yay! Hooray!"

The next day, there was a parade in Salinas, California for Aaron and Camden. Everyone was at the parade, with cars honking, people clapping, free hot dogs, cotton candy, and carnival rides. Everyone in Salinas, California celebrated the fact that Aaron and Camden found a giant gold necklace that used to belong to a giant, but the giant gave it up. At the end of the parade, Camden asked his mom, "Why would the giant give up his necklace?" His mom said, "I don't know."

That night, Aaron and Camden went to sleep in their rope house. They had little hammocks and pillows made out of rope. As they were sleeping, Camden heard a noise. He woke Aaron up and told him he heard something. They looked carefully in the dark and saw a giant made of ropes. The giant had legs, feet, arms, and fingers made of ropes. Instead of rope hair, the giant had dental floss for hair. The giant whispered to Camden and Aaron that he left them his gold necklace because they also lived in a rope house, and he was a rope giant.

The rope giant asked Aaron and Camden if they wanted to go for a ride in outer space. They said yes, but they had to tell their parents. They woke up their parents, who saw the giant made of ropes and agreed to go with them. The giant told them to go to the playground. At the playground, Aaron, Camden, and their parents all sat on one side of a seesaw. The giant said he would stomp his foot on the other side, launching them into outer space. He promised to jump up after them and catch them.

Aaron, Camden, and their parents agreed and sat on the seesaw. The giant said not to worry about breaking the seesaw because it was made of titanium. Camden asked if the rope giant was strong enough to do it. The giant showed them a secret button that could turn it into a metal giant. The giant counted to three, pressed the button, turned into a metal giant, and stomped on the seesaw. Aaron, Camden, and their parents launched into outer space. The metal giant turned back into a rope giant, jumped into space, and caught them.

Aaron and Camden asked how they could breathe. The giant said he would breathe out lots of air, and they could breathe that in. They saw a hidden planet behind the moon, which was full of Wookies. Wookies looked like people but were taller, had hair all over their bodies, and made different sounds instead of speaking English. A Wookie showed them inside the hidden planet, where it was snowing, and snowballs were turning into baby dogs. They learned that this was how mama dogs really have baby dogs.

It was getting late, so Aaron, Camden, and their parents said it was time to go home. The giant opened the door to the hidden planet, jumped back down to Earth near the playground, and landed gently. Aaron, Camden, and their parents went back home to their rope house and lived happily ever after. The end.