Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two boys who were named Aaron and Camden. And Aaron used to live in a house that was made up of ropes. The house would be tied between a few different trees and there were a lot of ropes so that you could walk on the floor. But you had to have good balance in case you ever fell out of the house. Between the ropes, there was a trampoline on the bottom so you wouldn't get a boo-boo and you could bounce back up to the house. And if you bounced back up to the house from the trampoline that was on the ground under the house, then you would have to grab onto a piece of rope and climb back up. And Camden was the best at this game. 

So sometimes Camden would be walking around his rope house, which was tied to some trees, and he would fall out of the house on purpose, and he would go all the way down to the trampoline, and he would bounce back up. And Camden and Arin used to love their rope trampoline house so much, but they were very surprised when they woke up one day and their mom was making eggs, and they were also having on the trampoline. No, but what happened was but they found a giant necklace. And the giant's necklace was such a big necklace. It looks like it was a giant chain, but it was made of gold. And it was the biggest gold necklace that any two kids have ever found. And suddenly, Camden and Arin became the richest kids in the world because they found a giant necklace that was made out of gold. 

Well, Arun and Camden, where did the necklace come from? ARN. And Camden asked their mom, do you know where the necklace came from? And Arin and Camden's mom said she couldn't figure it out. And then they called the police. And the police said that because Camden and Arin were the ones to find the giant's necklace, they could keep it because the giant went away. And then Arin said and Camden also said, if the giant ever comes back, that they'll give back the gold necklace, but until the giant comes back, they could be the richest kids in the world. And they said, Yay. And hooray. 

The next day, there was a parade in Salinas, California for Arin and Camden. And everybody was out in the parade, and there were so many cars that were honking, and there were people that were clapping, and there were free hot dogs, and there was free cotton candy, and there were also carnival rides. And everyone in Salinas, California was celebrating the fact that ARN and Camden found a giant gold necklace that used to be a giant's, but that the giant gave up. And at the end of the necklace, at the end of the parade, camden said, But, mom, why would the giant give up his necklace? And the mom said, I don't know. 

Well, that night, Arin and Camden went to sleep in their rope house because they lived in a house that was made of ropes. And they had little hammocks, maybe like, because he realized maybe he saw that he could help them because he might have thought a rope was loose made that. And ARN and Camden went to sleep in their rope house, and they had a hammock in the rope house, which they laid down on, and they had a pillow made out of rope. And as they were sleeping that night, camden heard a little noise. Everyone thought that Camden was sleeping, but really, Camden wasn't sleeping. And Camden heard a little noise, and he said, r and wake up. I hear something. And Arin woke up. And Camden told R, and they had to look very carefully because it was dark. And ARN and Camden used their dark eyes, and they looked out, and they saw there was a giant that was made up of ropes. And the giant had legs that were made of ropes, and it had feet that were made of ropes. And there was a different rope for all of its toes. And the giant even had arms made out of ropes, and his fingers were made of ropes. And for every one of the giant's hairs, there was another rope. But the giant didn't have rope hairs. It was really dental floss for the giant's hair. And the giant had so many different pieces of dental floss on his head, and the giant was a rope dental floss giant. And the giant told Camden and Arin that he had to whisper because it was nighttime, and giants have a very loud voice. And the giant told Camden and Arin that he left them his gold necklace because they also lived in a rope house, and he was a rope giant. 

And then the rope giant told ARN and Camden, do you want to go with me for a ride in outer space? And Camden. And Arin said yes. So Arin and Camden said yes? And Camden said, but we have to tell our parents. And Camden woke up his parents, and the parents saw the giant that was made of up of ropes. And the parents said, okay, I'll go with you guys. And the giant told Aaron and Camden and ARN and Camden's parents that they needed to go to the playground. And when they got to the playground, bud RN and Camden and his mom and his dad all had to sit on one side of a seesaw. And then the giant said, when you sit on that side of this seesaw, I'm going to stump my giant foot on the other side. And then it will launch you guys into outer space because the seesaw will go up so fast since I'll stomp down so high. But don't be scared, because after I launch you up from the seesaw, I will jump up after you and catch you. So Arin and Camden and their parents said, okay. And they all sat down in a pile on one side of the seesaw breaks from bouncing on something hard. And the giant said, don't worry about me breaking the seesaw because it's made of titanium. And Camden said okay. He just woke. And Camden said, well, rope giant, are you strong enough to do it? Because you're just rope? And the rope giant showed that it had a secret button which could turn it into a metal giant, and it was ready to step on the seesaw. And the giant said, One, two, three. And it pressed the button, and it turned into a metal giant, and it stepped down on the seesaw. And Arin and Camden and their parents launched up into outer space. And then the metal giant turned back into a rope giant and jumped into outer space and caught them in outer space. And Camden and Arin said, how can we breathe? How can we breathe? And the giant said, he will breathe out a lot of air since he's a giant and has a big mouth. And then they could just breathe in that air. And ARN and Camden and their parents said, okay. And the giant showed them that there was a planet right near them, right behind the moon, that people just couldn't see from Earth because the moon blocked it. And on that planet, there lived a rocket ship. Find it on this planet, there were a lot of mirrors that were blocking it. So if a rocket ship got so close, they would just see its own reflection, well, they landed on the planet. And when they landed on the planet, which was behind the moon, they saw that it was full of Wookies. Wookies look like people, but they're aliens. They look like people, but they're a little bit taller, and they have hair all over their bodies, just like gorillas or chimpanzees. And they don't speak in English. Like they don't say, hello, my name is a Wookie. Instead, they make different sounds, and only some people could understand what they say. And so when they got to the hidden planet behind the moon, which was covered in mirrors so nobody in outer space could find it, a Wookie told Camden and Arin that he wanted to show them that they could go inside the planet. And they opened up a door to get inside the hidden planet, and they saw that there were lots of snowballs because it was snowing in the planet. And all of those snowballs were turning into baby dogs. And then the baby dogs were falling down from this planet into mama dog tummies. And that's how mama dogs really have baby dogs. Well, it was getting late. Babies. Yes, there were also babies, and it was getting late. And Arin and Camden and their parents said, it's time for them to go back home. And so the giant opened up the door to the hidden planet, went out, and jumped back down to Earth near the playground and landed very gently. And then Arin and Camden and their parents went back home to their rope house, and they lived happily ever after. The end.