Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Adiat. When he woke up, he did not remember if his real name was Adiat or Adiat. And that day, everyone started to call him the wrong name. Some people would call him Simon. Some people called him Salam. Some of his friends called him Mohammed, and some of his friends called him Jacob. Well, Adiat decided that he had to find out why everyone was being silly and calling him different names. So he went with his brothers, Zair and Isak, outside their house. 

When they got outside of their house, they found that there were a bunch of horses carrying chariots. And inside the chariots, which were attached to the horses, there were a lot of people inside. And it looked like it was the olden days. And Adiat was looking with his brother Zair and Isak as a person came out of the chariot. And the person went right up to Adiat and he said to him, "Adiat, I have to tell you a secret that nobody else in the world, including you, knows. And that secret is that really you are a king and that you come from a town, a town named Meleku, and everyone from the town called Meleku is a king." 

Zair and Isak laughed because they knew that Adiat was not really a king. But the people gave Adiat a crown. They opened up a box that they were carrying inside the chariot, and the horses said, "Nay." As they opened the box and revealed the crown. The crown had so much gold and a lot of jewels and was very heavy. The person put it on Adiat's head and said, "Hear ye, hear ye. We have a new king of the whole land, and his name is Adiat." And just as the man said that, he went back into his carriage and the horses started, "Nay, Naying." As the carriages fled away, Zair and Isak thought that was very silly. 

Zair was talking to Adiat when suddenly something happened. There was a snake on the ground, and the snake went all over Adiat's brothers, Zair and Isak. It was not a scary snake that bit, but this snake was a magic snake. And when it went over you, it made you small, like as small as a baby's bottle. And suddenly Adiat looked around, and his brothers Zair and Isak were so small, only as big as a baby's bottle. And they had small hands, and they had small feet, and they had small eyes, and they had small belly buttons, and their clothes got small, too. And their shoes stayed the same size. So they were inside their shoes. 

And Adiat picked his brothers and Isak out of their shoes, and he put them on his shoulders right next to the golden crown that he was wearing. And he walked around the land. And as he was walking around the land, he saw that there were lots of sheep and the sheep were walking around the sand and going to the camels. So Adiat decided to follow and bring his brothers on his shoulders on shoulder rides with him to the camels. He started carrying them when Zair said, "Help, Adiat." And Isak said, "Help. Help. I'm so little. Can you make me big again?" 

And Adiat turned his crown around and looked down on his shoulder to his brother Zair and said, "Yes, I have to find a magic animal that will make you big again." And he turned the other way to his other shoulder and told Isak not to worry, that he's going to save the day. So Adiat walked with his crown. And suddenly on the side of the street, he found a cape. And the cape was kind of furry, like it almost felt like a kitty cat cape. And the furry cape also had red beads inside of it. And it looked really special. And it had one big button in the front that went right under your neck on your chest. And Adiat put the cape on, and his brothers Zair and Isak went on top of the cape. And Adiat kept marching to find a secret magic thing that will make his brothers Zair and Isak grow again. 

And so he marched on, following the dusty trail until he found a very big hole. The hole was at the side of the road. There were no trees in the hole, and there were no flowers. The hole was so big that you could fit probably three fire trucks in it with their ladders out. And when Adiat got to the hole, he said, "I am the king of this land. Will anyone tell me what happened and how this hole came?" And suddenly a birdie came down, and the birdie was tweet, tweeting right around Zair and Isak, the little brothers that were on Adiat's shoulders. And the birdie tweet tweeted until he went on top of Adiat's crown and told Adiat that really he was a talking bird. 

And the bird said that there was a big accident the day before. There used to be a toy factory there, but then something under the ground went away and the toy factory fell under the ground, and now there was a big hole. Well, Adiat asked the birdie if the birdie knew of any magic that could turn his brothers Zair and Isak, who were on his shoulders, that could turn them bigger again. And the birdie said and Adiat asked the birdie why he was whistling. And the birdie said, "When I make that sound, a special, friendly wizard comes and the friendly wizard knows how to make kids bigger again." And just as he made that sound, a wizard came from the other side of the hole. 

And the wizard was wearing a big old hat, and he had a big beard, and he was walking with a cane, and he was old, and he had silly long shoes that were pointy. And the wizard was able to walk in the air. And he walked over the air to Adiat and said, "Adiat, I see that your brothers Zair and Isak are small." And Adiat said yes, they are. And everyone is pronouncing my name wrong today. And the wizard told Adiat that he had a special magic that could make his brothers big again. And Adiat said, "What is it?" And the wizard took out his magic wand and said, "Avra kevra." And just as he said that, his brothers Zair and Isak got big again. 

And they went off of Adiat's shoulders and they were able to walk right next to him. And they told him that he was the hero of the day and he saved both of his brothers. The wizard went away, and Adiat kept his crown on, and he kept his cape on and he walked back home. And his brothers Zair and Isak were singing, "Yay, yay. Yay. You did such a great job today" as they went home. And Adiat and his brothers lived happily ever after right in a new house which was on the beach. And whenever they wanted to go somewhere, there was a special plane on the beach where they could go to the end.