Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Danya. Danya lived on the coast of Oman, and sometimes she would see big ships transporting lots of cargo to different places. Danya would worry about where those cargo ships would come from and where they would go. She and her friends used to go to a playground, and in the playground, sometimes they would pretend that the play structure was a real ship and that they were pirates or princesses in a faraway land traveling to different islands around the world.

One day, Danya was playing with her friends in a playground. As she was playing, she saw that the pretend ship that she and her friends were playing on was kind of moving in the sand a little bit because the ship was on top of a sandbox in the playground. Danya told her friends it was kind of loose and that they should look under the ship. So they got some sticks to dig the sand away a little bit, and they started digging under the pretend cargo ship in the playground, in the sandbox where they liked to play. When they moved the sand away, they could see that under the sandbox there was some water and that the sandbox was held up by some rock under the sandbox. But under the rock, you could see some water was starting to seep through; the water was coming up.

That's when Danya and her friends looked around, and the whole playground was starting to get flooded because there was water that was coming up from under the play structures. There was water that was coming up from the grass next to the playground and from between the sand in the sandbox. That's when Danya and her friends realized they should go on the cargo ship that they were playing. As the water got higher and higher, Danya told her friends they all should come aboard, and she would sail away in the ship. The water got higher, and the ship started to float on top of the water. But Danya and her friends didn't have any oars to paddle with, so they had to use their arms to splash the water away as they traveled through the flooded streets of Oman all the way back to Danya's house.

As they got close to Danya's house, they saw that the basement was underwater and that there was a giant rainbow going from the chimney of Danya's house all the way across to the other side of the ocean. The giant rainbow went right into Danya's chimney. Danya could see that her mom and her dad were inside their house, and they were asking if they could go on her boat. Danya saved the day that day, and she picked up her parents. Her parents started paddling on the boat too.

Soon, as they were paddling, they saw that the water they were paddling in was starting to change colors. The water was becoming the color of orange juice, but it was a little bit lighter. It was kind of in between lemonade color and orange juice color. The boat was still floating, and luckily, as the boat was starting to float higher and higher, it was getting better and better at floating. Danya and her friends were kind of learning to steer the boat by paddling more with their hands on one side rather than another side.

As they were paddling, they saw that there were people floating around the streets and swimming in scuba equipment. There was a guy who had a whole mask on and an oxygen tank, and he was swimming under the water. Danya's dad called out and said, "What are you doing?" The guy told Danya and her parents that there was a hole from the middle of the earth that opened up and so much water was squirting out from the middle of the earth. There were some crystals on the way up, and some of the crystals were yellow and orange. That's why the water kept changing colors. There were also lots of walking fish that were coming up from the middle of the earth because they walked up now that the hole was open, and the fish were trying to walk up and they were going through the streets of Oman. It was walking fish that had arms and legs. One of the walking fish even went on the scuba diver's head. The scuba diver was kind of floating out of the water a little bit.

Danya got to see a real Mexican walking fish, an axolotl, for the first time in her life, and all of her friends thought it was really cool. The axolotl, the walking fish that had arms and legs, wanted to go on the boat. Danya told her friends they needed to put a little bit of water in the boat. Not so much so the boat would sink, but enough for the axolotl to swim in so they could keep him as a pet. Danya's friends put their hands together and cupped a little bit of water into the boat by making sure that there were no tiny little cracks between their fingers as they picked up the water.

Danya and her friends had a new pet Mexican walking fish, and they were floating around in the ship that was from the playground. As they were floating around, they saw that there was a shipwreck. The shipwreck looked like it was from the olden, olden days because the ship wasn't even made of metal, and it wasn't even made of plastic. The ship wasn't made of rubber, and it wasn't made of anything except for grass. It was a whole ship that was made out of grass. In the old and olden days, people used to take long pieces of grass, and they would sew them together so that there would be no space between them. They would put that grass together and put some mud on it, and it would float in the ocean.

That special kind of shipwreck came from the middle of the Earth, from the hole that opened, and finally, it was coming up to the surface from where it had been hidden underground for thousands of years. Danya and her friends were the first to see the shipwreck. It was the color of green because it was from old green grass, but it also had little specks of mud on it to keep it a little bit sturdier. Inside the shipwreck, they saw the skeleton of a saber-toothed tiger. It was a fossil. It wasn't scary because it was the kind of thing that might be like you might have a stuffed animal or a pet of it or something, but it's an animal that no longer exists on Earth. It looked like a lion, but it had bigger teeth, and the teeth were so big they didn't even fit in its mouth. The teeth would come out of its mouth. The saber-tooth tiger was a sign of good luck.

Because Danya and her friends and her parents found the saber-tooth tiger, they were able to make it go back alive again. All they had to do was make their boat touch its boat and pour some of the yellow-orange water on top of the saber-tooth tiger's head. As they did that, it came alive again. It was so happy to see that the world was still there, and it was a great saber-tooth tiger. It became loyal to Danya and her friends, and it became their pet and protector forever after. Danya and her family lived happily ever after. The end.