Once upon a time, a long time ago, Ariana and her friends were walking on the sidewalk when they saw a big X on the sidewalk. The X was made out of chalk. Ariana remembered that X marks the spot, and it might have been that the reason somebody made a big X on the sidewalk there was because there was a secret or a treasure. Ariana looked up and saw a little birdhouse hanging down from the branch of a tree above her. In the little birdhouse, there was a hummingbird. The hummingbird came out of its house and tweeted all the way down to in front of Ariana's face. The hummingbird said hello to Ariana, and Ariana asked the hummingbird if it had made the X in chalk on the sidewalk because a talking hummingbird was on top of the X mark. The hummingbird told Ariana that it came from a silly town and that it was going to give her a special Cheerio. Cheerios are a yummy kind of cereal.

The hummingbird went back to its birdhouse and brought a red Cheerio that looked a little bit like Fruit Loops. It brought the Cheerio down to Ariana and told her to put it in the bath the next time she took a bath. Ariana asked her parents if she should do that, and they said it might have been a magical Fruit Loop or Cheerio. Ariana thanked the bird and went back home. She told her parents she wanted to have a bath, and they agreed. Ariana wanted to have a bath in their bathtub because it was a little bigger. When Ariana was ready to take the bath, she remembered to bring the special red Cheerio. Her parents turned on the bathwater, added some bubble bath, and put in a lot of bath toys. After the bath was full, Ariana dropped in the red Cheerio and then went in the bath.

At first, nothing happened. It just looked like the red Cheerio was floating. But then Ariana looked under the bubbles and felt her body. She saw that she was growing. She said the number 20, and she grew in the bath to be 20 years old. Then she said 50, and she grew to be 50 years old. Then she said 500, and Ariana became 500 years old. She was the oldest person in the world, but inside she was still a kid. Ariana tried to tell her parents that she was too old and not as strong anymore, and she was trying to get out of the bathtub. Her parents were surprised at how old she had become and remembered the magical Cheerio. They told Ariana to say a kid number, like four. Ariana said four and turned back into a four-year-old. She told her parents that she thought it might have been the magic Cheerio that made her change ages in the bath. Her parents agreed and told her to be careful with the magic Cheerio.

Ariana wondered whether she could do other things with the magic Cheerio that floated in the bath. This time, instead of saying a number, Ariana said "princess," and she became a princess. Then she said "magic power," and she started to feel some magic powers in her fingers. Ariana told her parents they had to listen to whatever she said. Because of Ariana's magic power, her parents had to do whatever she said. Ariana put them under a spell and told them that after the bath, she wanted them to take her to a toy store and get all the toys she wanted. Her parents agreed.

After the bath was over, Ariana got dressed and dried off. Her parents put her in the car seat and drove her to the toy store. They started to get many toys for Ariana. Ariana said seven and then turned into a seven-year-old. When she was a seven-year-old, she decided she wanted even bigger kid toys. Her parents couldn't say no because she had them under a spell where they had to do whatever she said. When it was time to check out of the store, the store owner said it was a lot of toys and asked if that was why her parents were buying her so many toys. Ariana whispered to the store owner that she had a magic Cheerio, and when she put it in her bath, she could turn any age she wanted and put her parents under a spell. The store owner decided to give Ariana and her parents all the toys for free.

Ariana thanked the toy store owner and told her parents they needed to get some princess clothes because one of her powers was that she could turn into a princess. Her parents went to a princess clothes store, and in charge of the store was a goose on a skateboard. The goose knew about Ariana's Cheerio and magic power because it was friends with the hummingbird that lived in the house on top of the sidewalk that had X marks the spot. Ariana told the goose that her parents were under a spell, and the goose said she could get princess clothes, magic wands, and other items in the store. Ariana decided she wanted a lot of princess dresses, princess shoes, and just one magic wand. The goose agreed.

Ariana got a magic wand and waved it in the air to create a cow. She named the cow Piggy. The cow asked the goose if it could go on its skateboard, and the goose agreed. The cow went on the goose's skateboard and started to skate all the way through the Princess clothing store. While it was skating, Ariana decided to turn it into a dog. The cow, whose name was Piggy, turned into a dog. Ariana and her family lived happily ever after. The end.