Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Abby NAND. I'm five years old. I'm in Melbourne, Australia. Makeup Stories is the best pomcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is I'm doing for October 31 and I relate a story about a gooseback, skateboard and a cow name Peggy and medical Bathtub, and I live in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Thank you. Tonight's makeup Story is a request from a girl named Ariana who lives in Ontario, Canada, and who turns four years old in a few weeks on October 31. And so we want to wish Ariana an early happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Oh, good job, bud. And Ariana asked for us to make up a story that includes a goose that skateboards, a cow named Piggy, and a magical bathtub. Buddy, were you going to say something? I was not. Okay. Once upon a time, a long time ago, ariana and her friends were walking on the sidewalk when they saw a big X on the sidewalk. And the X was made out of chalk. And that's when Ariana remembered X marks the spot. It might have been that the reason somebody made a big X on the sidewalk there was because there was a secret or a treasure. So Ariana looked up and she saw that hanging down from the branch of a tree that was on top of her, there was a little birdhouse. And in the little birdhouse there was a little hummingbird. And the little hummingbird came out of his hummingbird house and it tweeted all the way down to in front of Ariana's face. And the hummingbird started to say hello to Ariana. And Ariana asked the hummingbird if it said X in chalk on the sidewalk because a talking hummingbird was on top of the X mark. And the hummingbird told Ariana that he came from a silly town and that he was going to give Ariana a special Cheerio. Cheerios are a yummy kind of cereal. Well, the hummingbird went back to his birdhouse and he brought a red cherryo that looked a little bit like Fruit Loops. And he brought it down to Ariana and he told Ariana to put the Cheerio that was red and looked like a Fruit Loop in the bath. The next time she took a bath, Ariana was with her parents and she said, do you really think I should do that? And Ariana's parents said that it might have been a magical Fruit Loop or Cheerio. So Ariana thanked the bird and she went back home. And Ariana told her parents that she wanted to have a bath. Ariana's parents said okay. And Ariana told them that she wanted to have a bath in their bathtub because that one was a little bigger. Well, when Ariana got off all of her clothes and was ready to take the bath, she remembered to bring the special red Cheerio. Her parents turned on the bathwater and they even put in some bubble bath. And they put in a lot of bath toys. And then after the bath was full, ariana dropped in the red Cheerio. And then she went in the bath. At first, nothing happened. It just looked like the red Cheerio was kind of floating. But then when Ariana looked under the bubbles and she felt her body, she saw that she was growing. And she said a number and she said 20. And then Ariana grew in the bath to be 20 years old. And then she said 50. And she grew to be 50 years old. And then she said 500. And Ariana became 500 years old. Were you going to say something, budden? No, but I think that would be a record of how old she lived. She was the oldest person in the world, but inside she was still a kid. So she tried to tell her parents, mom, dad, I'm, like, kind of too old and I'm not as strong anymore, and I'm trying to get out of the bathtub. And Ariana's parents were looking at her like, how did you get so old? And they remembered the magical Cheerio that was red, and they told Ariana to say a kid number, like four. And Ariana said, four. And she turned back into a four year old, and she said, Mom, Dad, I think it might have been the magic cheerio. I just said a number, and then I can turn that old in the bath. And Ariana's parents told her that, yes, she had to be careful with the magic cherryo. And then Ariana wondered whether she could do other things with the magic cherryo that floated in the bath. And so instead of saying a number, this time, Ariana said princess, and she became a princess. And then she said magic power. And she started to feel some magic powers go in her fingers. And then Ariana said, Mom, dad, you have to listen to whatever I say. And Ariana's mom and Ariana's dad looked into Ariana's eyes and do you know what happened because of Ariana's magic power? What? They had to do whatever Ariana said. And so Ariana's mom and dad were listening very closely to Ariana. Ariana put them under a spell and they had to do whatever she said. Ariana said, mom and dad, after the bath, I want you to take me to a toy store. And at the toy store, we are going to get all of the toys that I want. And Ariana's mom was under Ariana's spell that came from the magic Cheerio in the bathtub. And she said, okay. And Ariana's dad also said, okay. And Ariana's mom and dad, after the bath was over and Ariana got dressed and dried off, put her in the car seat and yeah, bud? Did they run out of money because all that kind of stuff? Well, they put her in the car seat and drove her into the toy store. And they started to get so many toys for ariana. And Ariana said seven. And then she turned into a seven year old. And then when she was a seven year old, she decided she wanted even bigger kid toys. And her parents couldn't say no because she had her mom and dad under a spell where they had to do whatever she said, well, it was time to check out of the store. And the store owner said, wow, that's a lot of toys that you're buying. And Ariana told the store owner that he had to bend down so she could whisper in his ear. And Ariana whispered to the store owner that she had a magic Cheerio, and that when she put it in her bath, she could turn any age she wanted and she could put her parents under a spell. And the store owner said, okay, is that why your parents are buying you so many toys? And Ariana said yes. Well, you have a question, bud? No, but I wonder if it's how much it's worth. And Ariana told her mom to use her credit card to pay for it. And Ariana's mom got out her credit card, and the store owner saw that it was going to cost so much money and that her parents were under a spell. So the store owner decided to give Ariana and her parents all of the toys for free. And then Ariana thanked the toy store owner, and she told her parents they needed to get some princess clothes because one of her powers that she got from the Cheerio when she was in the bathtub was she could turn into a princess. And her parents went to a princess clothes store, and in charge of the princess clothes store, there was a goose. And the goose was on a skateboard. The goose that was in charge of the store, it kind of knew about Ariana's Cheerio and magic power because that goose was friends with the hummingbird that lived in the house on top of the sidewalk that had X marks the spot. And so Ariana told the goose that her parents were under a spell, and the goose told Ariana, well, this is a big clothing store, so you could get princess clothes. You could get magic wands in this store. There's big magic wands, little magic wands. There's magic wands that have stars at the end. There's even magic wands that are made out of diamond. And Ariana told the goose that was on the skateboard that she was not going to get so many magic wands. She really wanted a lot of princess dresses and princess shoes and just one magic wand. And the goose that skateboards said, okay. And then Ariana got a magic wand. And after she got the magic wand, she waved it in the air to create a cow. And she named the cow Piggy. The cow that she created came out of thin air, and the cow was just standing there in middle of the toy store. And the cow asked the goose if it could go on its skateboard. And the goose said, okay. So the cow went on the goose's skateboard, and it started to skate all the way through the Princess clothing store. While it was skating, ariana decided to turn it into a dog. And then the cow, whose name was Piggy turned into a dog. And Ariana and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to the story. Now it's time for us to answer some bedtime questions. If you have a bedtime question, then you can submit the question to makesup Stories@gmail.com. Here's our first question. My name is Willa. I'm four years old. I live in Los Angeles. What's your favorite food to eat? Tonight's question comes from a girl named Willa who lives in Los Angeles and who asks us what is our favorite food. Jonah, what's your favorite food? My favorite food is dumplings as, my wake roll favorite food. And my candy favorite food is vanilla ice cream caramel. Those are good answers. And my favorite snack food is pretzels. I become a pretzel monster. I love pretzels, but I also really like ice cream and ice cream sandwiches and lots of other yummy kind of food. Makeup Slice is the best podcast ever. Tell all of your fans.