Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Neil. Neil lived on an island in a hut with his dad and his mom. They were the only people on the island. Their hut was made of wood and grass. It wasn't very strong, and it rained a lot on the island. Every time it rained, a little bit of water would leak through the roof of Neil's hut. Neil would ask his parents, "Mom, Dad, why don't we put something rainproof on the roof so that the water doesn't leak through?" But they could never find something rainproof.

One day, Neil had an idea. He told his parents they needed to order many raincoats. The next day, a big box arrived from the delivery man. The big box was as tall as Neil's dad. Neil asked his parents to get a butter knife so they could open the box. Neil's dad used the butter knife to cut the tape, and Neil got to open the box. When he looked inside, he was very surprised to see a hundred raincoats. Neil told his parents, "Yay!" because he had an idea to put all the raincoats on top of the roof, and the whole roof would be covered with yellow raincoats. Then, it could never leak through the roof.

Neil, his dad, and his mom went on a ladder and put all the raincoats on the roof of their hut. The next time it rained, no rain came through. Neil was very happy about his raincoat roof invention. Later, Neil went with his mom on a walk on the beach by the island. There was so much sand on the beach, and sometimes it was a little hard to walk through sand. But when Neil was walking, he didn't even have to hold his dad or mom's hand.

There was a kitty on the beach. It meowed next to him. The kitty was really nice and soft, and it wanted Neil to give it kitty treats. The kitty cat kept meowing. It jumped into Neil's lap, and he started to pet it because it was such a friendly kitty. While Neil was petting the kitty, he saw duckies in the ocean near the beach. The duckies wore police hats and costumes, and they even had sirens on their heads and loudspeakers to be louder. The duckies told Neil, the kitty, and his parents that they were the ocean's policemen.

Instead of just saying "Quack, quack," the duckies could turn on the siren on their heads, and it would flash different lights, and the duckies would go "woo, woo, woo." The duckies had a special motorboat engine behind them that let them speed through the ocean. They were in charge of making sure everyone behaved in the ocean. The ocean had special lanes, like roads, and whales were supposed to swim through the whale lanes.

One day, a whale was going too fast, and Neil saw a ducky police turn on his siren and speak through his loudspeaker, saying, "Slow down there, whale." He went right up to the whale. Even though the whale was so big, because the ducky was the policeman, the ducky gave the whale a speeding ticket, and the whale had to say he was sorry. The whale said, "Sorry, Mr. Ducky, I went too fast." The ducky said, "Quack, quack, don't do that again." The whale said, "Okay." The ducky decided not to give the whale a time out, so the whale said thank you.

This was a very special ocean next to the beach where Neil was with his family. As Neil looked through the ocean, he also saw something very strange. It was a fish riding a bicycle on top of the water. The bicycle was floaty, and when you turned the wheels, it made the water go. Neil didn't know that even in magic oceans, fish could ride bicycles because usually, fish don't have legs, so they can't turn the pedals. But this fish had two thin legs that came out and turned the pedals round and round so the fish could ride the bicycle. The fish had hoses attached to the bicycle and wore firemen hats and costumes.

The fish came to the beach and got off their firemen bicycles. They walked up to Neil and the kitty. The fish told Neil they were the ocean's firemen. Neil said, "But that's so silly because nothing can burn in the ocean since it's made of water." The fish riding the bicycle said, "We're in charge of saving boats in case they catch fire." Neil said, "Okay." Just as he said that, he saw a boat off in the distance because he had binoculars. He looked through his binoculars and spotted a tiny boat on the ocean that maybe grownups couldn't see, and there was a tiny spark of fire.

Neil told the firemen fish riding the fishy bicycle that there was a boat in the distance with a little fire. The fish on the bicycle raced off to the boat with a tiny spark of fire. They used their hoses to put out the fire, and Neil had to go home from the beach. Neil went home with his mom and dad back to their special hut with raincoats on top, and it didn't leak. That night, when Neil and his family had dinner, he told them about all the special things he saw in the ocean next to their house. Neil and his family lived happily ever after. The end.