Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Neil. Neil lived on an island in a hut with his dad and his mom. They were the only people to live on the island. Their hut was made of wood and grass. It was not very strong, and it rained so many times on the island. Every time it rained on the island, a little bit of water would leak through the roof of Neil and his parents' hut. Neil used to ask his parents, "Mom, Dad, why don't you put something rainproof on the roof so that the water does not leak through the roof?" But Neil and his parents could never find something rainproof.

One day, Neil had an idea. He told his parents they needed to order many raincoats. The next day, a big box came from the delivery man. The big box was as tall as Neil's dad. Neil asked his parents to get a butter knife so that they could open the box. Neil's dad used the butter knife to cut the tape, and Neil got to open up the box. When Neil looked in the box, he was very surprised to see that there were a hundred raincoats in the box. Neil told his parents, "Yay!" because he had an idea of putting all of the raincoats on top of the roof, and the whole entire roof would be covered with the yellow raincoats. When it was covered with the yellow raincoats, it could never leak through Neil's hut's roof.

Neil went on a ladder with his dad and his mom, and they helped put all of the raincoats on the roof of his hut on the island. The next time it rained, no rain came through. Neil was very happy about his raincoat roof invention. Neil went with his mom on a walk on the beach by the island. There was so much sand on the beach, and sometimes it's a little bit hard to walk through sand. But when Neil was walking through the sand, he didn't even have to hold his dad or mom's hand. 

There was a kitty that he found on the beach. It meowed next to him. The kitty was really nice and soft, and it wanted Neil to give it kitty treats. The kitty cat kept meowing. The kitty cat jumped into Neil's lap, and Neil started to pet the kitty cat because it was such a friendly kitty cat. While Neil was petting the kitty cat, he saw that there were duckies in the ocean right by the beach. The duckies were dressed up using police hats and police costumes, and they even had sirens on top of their heads and loudspeakers so they could be louder. The duckies stopped by the beach and told Neil, the kitty cat, and Neil's parents that the duckies were the policemen of the ocean.

Instead of just saying "Quack, quack," the duckies could turn on the siren that was on top of their head, and it would flash different lights, and the duckies would go "woo, woo, woo." The duckies had a special motorboat engine behind them that let them speed through the ocean so that they could go fast. The duckies were in charge of making sure that everyone behaved in the ocean. The ocean had special lanes, which were like roads, and whales were supposed to swim through the whale lanes.

One day, a whale was going too fast, and Neil saw that the ducky police turned on his siren and spoke through his loudspeaker and said, "Slow down there, whale." He went right up to the whale. Even though the whale was so big, because the ducky was the policeman, the ducky gave the whale a speeding ticket, and then the whale had to say he was sorry. The whale said, "Sorry, Mr. Ducky, I went too fast." The ducky said, "Quack, quack, don't do that again." The whale said, "Okay." The ducky decided not to give the whale a time out, so the whale said thank you.

This was a very special ocean next to the beach where Neil was with his family. As Neil was looking through the ocean, he also saw something very strange. It was a fish that was riding a bicycle on top of the water. The bicycle was kind of floaty, and when you turned the wheels, it made the water go. Neil didn't know that even in magic oceans, there could be fish that ride bicycles because usually, fish don't have legs, so they can't even turn the pedals. But this fish had two thin legs that came out and were able to turn the pedals round and round so that the fish could ride the bicycle. The fish had hoses attached to the bicycle, and they were wearing firemen hats and firemen costumes.

The fish came to the beach and got off their firemen bicycles. They walked right up to Neil and the kitty cat. The fish told Neil that they were the firemen in the ocean. Neil said, "But that's so silly because nothing could even burn in the ocean because it's made of water." The fish that rode the bicycle said, "We're in charge of saving boats in case boats ever catch fire." Neil said, "Okay." Just as he said that, he saw that there was a boat off in the distance because Neil had binoculars. He was looking through his binoculars, and Neil spotted a little teensy boat on the ocean that maybe grownups couldn't even see, and there was a tiny spark of fire.

Neil told the firemen fish that rode the fishy bicycle that there was a boat in the distance that had a little fire. The fish on the bicycle raced off to the boat that was on fire with a little teensy tiny spark. They used their hoses to put out the fire, and Neil had to go home from the beach. Neil went home with his mom and dad back to their special hut, which had all sorts of raincoats on top, and it didn't leak. That night, when Neil and his family had dinner, he told them about all the special things he saw in the ocean next to their house. Neil and his family lived happily ever after. The end.