Welcome to makeup the kids bedtime rumpus. Hi, my name. I'm four years old. I live in Cumming, Georgia. You please tell me fire man story and a police story. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a three year old boy who lives in Cumming, Georgia, and whose name is Neil. Neil is going to have a birthday in just a few days, and he will turn four years old. Happy almost birthday, Neil. Neil asked for us to make up a story that includes a fireman and police. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Neil. Neil lived on an island in a hut with his dad and his mom. They were the only people to live on the island. And their hut was made of wood and grass. It was not so very strong. And it rained so many times on the island. Every time it rained on the island, a little bit of water would leak through the roof of Neil and his parents'hut. And Neil used to ask his parents, mom, dad, why don't you put something rainproof on the roof so that the water does not leak through the roof? But Neil and his parents could never find something rainproof. And then one day, Neil had an idea. He told his parents they needed to order so many raincoats. And the next day, a big, big box came from the delivery man. And the big box was as tall as Neil's dad. And Neil asked his parents to get a butter knife so that they could open the box. And Neil's dad used the butter knife to cut the tape, and Neil got to open up the box. When Neil looked in the box, he was very surprised to see that there were a hundred raincoats in the box. And Neil told his parents, Yay. Because Neil had an idea of putting all of the raincoats on top of the roof, and the whole entire roof would be covered with the yellow raincoats. And when it was covered with the yellow raincoats, it could never leak through Neil's hut's roof. And so he went on a ladder with his dad and with his mom. And Neil helped put all of the raincoats on the roof of his hut on the island. And the next time when it rained, no rain came through. Well, Neil was very happy about his raincoat roof invention. And Neil went with his mom on a walk on the beach by the island. There was so much sand on the beach, and sometimes it's a little bit hard to walk through sand. But when Neil was walking through the sand, he didn't even have to hold his dad or mom's hand. There was a kitty that he found on the beach. That meowed next to him. And the kitty was really nice and soft, and it wanted Neil to give him kitty treats. And the kitty cat kept meowing well, the kitty cat jumped into Neil's lap and Neil started to pet the kitty cat because it was such a friendly kitty cat. While Neil was petting the kitty cat, he saw that there were duckies in the ocean right by the beach. And the duckies were dressed up using they had police hats and they had police costumes on and they even had the duckies were wearing a siren on top of their head and they all had a loudspeaker so they could be louder. And the duckies stopped by the beach and they told Neil and the kitty cat and Neil's parents that the duckies were the policemen of the ocean. And instead of just saying Quack, quack, the duckies could turn on the siren that was on top of their head and it would flash different lights and the duckies would go woo, woo, woo. And the duckies had a special motorboat engine behind them that let them speed through the ocean so that they could go so fast. And the duckies were in charge of making sure that everyone behaved in the ocean. And the ocean has special lanes, which are like roads, and whales are supposed to swim through the whale lanes. Well, one day a whale was going too fast and Neil saw that the ducky police turned on his siren and spoke through his loudspeaker and said, slow down there, whale. And he went right up to the whale. And even though the whale was so big, because the ducky was the policeman, the ducky gave the whale a speeding ticket and then the whale had to say he's sorry. And the whale said, sorry Mr. Ducky, that I went too fast. And the ducky said, Quack, quack, don't do that again. And the whale said, okay. And the ducky decided not to give the whale a time out. So the whale said thank you. Well, this was a very special ocean next to the beach where Neil was with his family. And as Neil was looking through the ocean, he also saw something very strange. It was a fish that was riding a bicycle on top of the water. The bicycle was kind of floaty and when you turned the wheels, it made the water go. And Neil didn't know that even in magic oceans, there could be fish that ride bicycles because usually fish don't have legs, so they can't even turn the pedals. But this fish had two like they kind of looked like chicken legs. They had two little thin legs that came out and were able to turn the pedals round and round so that the fishy could ride the bicycle. And the fishies had hoses attached to the bicycle and they were wearing firemen hat and they were wearing firemen costumes. And the fishies came to the beach and they got off of their firemen bicycles and they walked right up to Neil and the kitty cat. And the fishies told Neil that they are the firemen in the ocean. And Neil said, but that's so silly because nothing could even burn in the ocean because it's made of water. And the fishies that rode the bicycle said, we're in charge of saving boats in case boats ever get on fire. And Neil said, okay. And just as he said that, he saw that there was a boat off in the distance because Neil had binoculars, and he was looking through his binoculars, and Neil spotted a little teensy boat on the ocean that maybe grownups couldn't even see, and there was like a tiny spark of fire. And so Neil told the firemen fishies that rode the fishy bicycle that there was a boat in the distance that had a little fire. And the fishies on the bicycle said and they raced off to the boat that was on fire with a little teensy tiny spark. And then they used their hoses to make the fire go out, and Neil had to go home from the beach. So Neil went home with his mom and dad back to their special hut, which had all sorts of raincoats on top, and it didn't leak. And that night, when Neil and his family had dinner, he told them about all the special things he saw in the ocean next to their house. And Neil and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to Less than too makeup because they like it.