Welcome to makeup stores. My name is Me. Makeup stores is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Me. I'm 20 years old, and I live in Tennessee. I would like a story about a princess going up to the moon, a Trex who falls in love with her, and a blue bear who is your friend. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Neve who lives in Tennessee and who turns five years old today on February 28. And so we want to say happy birthday, Neve. And Neve asked for us to make up a story that includes a princess that goes to the moon, a Trex who falls in love with her, and a Trex is a kind of dinosaur with big teeth and a blue bear that is her friend. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a dinosaur who had helicopter wings and whose name was Timmy. Timmy the dinosaur loved to fly, and he didn't have regular wings that went flap flap. Instead, when Timmy the dinosaur wanted to fly, all he had to do was say and turn his helicopter wings on, and they would spin around so fast, and that would make him fly. Timmy was so good at soccer and at volleyball and baseball and lots of different outdoor activities, and he loved to play with other dinosaurs. One day, Timmy the dinosaur found a magic wizard, and the magic wizard told Timmy the dinosaur that if a meteor ever comes, he should go fly in the sky so that the meteor won't hit him. And the magic wizard said Bye. The next day, Timmy looked up in the sky, and he saw a big meteor that was made out of toothpaste. And the toothpaste meteor was coming to the Earth, and Timmy the dinosaur didn't want the toothpaste to fall on him. So Timmy the dinosaur started to use his helicopter wings, and he went and his helicopter wings started to turn around and spin so fast, and he got in the air before the toothpaste meteor came and hit the Earth. When he looked back at the ground from the sky, which is where he was flying, timmy the dinosaur saw that the toothpaste made all the dinosaurs go forward in time. And so all the dinosaurs that were hit by the toothpaste meteor, they became invisible for a long time, and nobody was able to see them. And that's why people thought that dinosaurs died. But really it was magic toothpaste, and the magic toothpaste only made the dinosaurs go away for a little bit. And so one day, there was a girl whose name was Neve. And Neve woke up and she looked outside of her window and she saw that dinosaur, timmy the Trex, the one that had the helicopter wings. Because Timmy the Trex went to the future with all the other dinosaurs because Timmy the Trex decided it was good toothpaste. And he stepped in the magic toothpaste. And Neve said, mom, dad, you have to look. There's a dinosaur out the window, and it has helicopter wings. And Neve's mom and dad went to the window and Neve pointed. And the dinosaur with the helicopter wings was outside, right next to the tree. And Neve's dad said you're right. There is a real dinosaur. But I thought the dinosaurs were all dead. And Neve said that it looked like the dinosaur had some magic toothpaste on its feet. And Timmy the Trex decided to start to talk. And Timmy the Trex knocked on Neve's door and said, neve, do you want to come on a magic ride on my helicopter dinosaur because I'm a helicopter dinosaur? And Neve said, yeah, I do. And can my parents come? And the dinosaur said yes. So Neve climbed on Timmy the dinosaur with helicopter wings. And Neve's mom and Neve's dad had to sit in back because Timmy the Trex said today, since it was Neve's birthday, she got to sit in front of the dinosaur. And Neve's mom strapped a magic seatbelt around Neve. It was a very special kind of seatbelt because you know how some seatbelts could kind of hurt kids a little bit or it's too tight? This kind of seatbelt didn't hurt at all. It felt ticklish, kind of like when a feather touches you. And that was the dinosaur ride seatbelt. And Timmy, the trex said neve. Are you ready? And Neve said, I'm ready. And then Timmy the Trex said and started to turn his magic helicopter wings. And they started to fly all the way in the sky. As Neve was in the sky, she told Timmy the Trex to go higher and higher because it was safe to go high since she couldn't fall off. The magic seatbelt was so good, even if you got into an accident, you couldn't get a boo boo because it was a magic seatbelt. And Nev and her parents told Timmy the Trex to fly all the way to the moon. And Timmy the Trex said, it's not going to be so easy to fly all the way to the moon. And then Neve said that if they get close to the moon, there is a blue bear. And the blue bear lives in outer space and he could help take you to the moon because the blue bear knows directions. And the blue bear also knows how to fly through space. So, Timmy. The Trex said okay. And Timmy the Trex went and started to spin his helicopter wings even faster. Soon they got to space, and when they were in outer space, neve could see where the moon was. And she also saw that the blue bear, which was her friend, was coming to help. And Neve said to the blue bear, blue Bear, I kept telling people about you, but people thought you were pretend. Now we know you're real because here you are in outer space. And the blue Bear gave Neve a hug. And Neve told the Blue Bear that her parents were sitting in back because the dinosaur that had helicopter wings, whose name was Timmy, was more of a fun ride for kids. And parents had to sit in the back. And Neve's mom and Neve's dad said hello to the blue bear. The Blue Bear told the Trex, who had helicopter wings, that he knew the way to get to the Moon. And the Blue Bear let Timmy the Trex hold his hand as they flew all the way through outer space to the moon. When they were close to the moon, the Blue Bear told Timmy the Trex that when you want to land, you have to spin your helicopter wings in the other direction because that's how it works on the moon. And Timmy. The Trex said okay. And they got so close to the moon, and Neve said, Ready for landing? And Timmy the Trex said, so I have to spin my helicopter wings the other way? And Neve said, yeah. And the Blue Bear said, yeah, try to spin it the other way. And Timmy the Trex decided to say, DA DA DA DA DA DA DA DA DA. And his it worked. His helicopter wings started to spin the other way and they went slowly down to the moon. And Neve, when she got to the Moon, she saw that there was a crown there. And the crown that was on the moon was a princess crown. And there was a note next to it. And the note said, whoever wears the crown is a real princess. And Neve decided that she should put it on. And the Blue Bear picked up the crown and Timmy the Trex said, Neve, you're about to be a princess. And the Blue Bear held the crown and put it on top of Neve's head. And Neve had a princess crown, and she looked at the Earth from the moon and she held hands with the Blue Bear and with Timmy the Trex with the flying helicopter wings. And she told them that it was a very fun ride. But her parents were waiting in the back of Timmy the Trex. And her parents said, neve, now that you're a princess, let's go home and see if your house, if our house turned into a castle. And Neve said goodbye to the Blue Bear and she said she would see the Blue Bear another day. And the Blue Bear said goodbye and held Timmy the Trex's hand as they started flying off the moon and back to the Earth. When they got close to the Earth, timmy the Trex said bye bye to Blue Bear and Neve said bye bye to Blue Bear. And they all went back down to Earth to Neve's house. And they discovered that Neve's house turned into a special ol castle because Neve was now a princess. And Neve's dad became a king. And Neve's mom became a queen and they lived happily ever after as the King, queen and Princess of Tennessee. The end. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stories.