Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Nico. Nico loved to jump on trampolines. Sometimes, when Nico was jumping, he could fly higher than the top of the trampoline. He practiced jumping three times a day: after breakfast, after school or camp, and before bedtime. Nico was an expert jumper.

Sometimes, Harley loved to visit Nico's house to watch him jump on the trampoline. They even jumped together sometimes. One day, Nico told Harley about a new invention he thought of. It was a trampoline with a special bottom made of bubble gum and rubber bands. Harley told Nico it was a great idea and that it would make the trampoline even bouncier.

The next day, Harley and Nico asked their parents to take them to the store to buy bubble gum. They used money from Nico's piggy bank to pay for it. They bought lots of bubble gum and twelve packs of rubber bands. The rubber bands were different colors and sizes.

With everything they needed, Harley and Nico went back to Nico's house and put their supplies on the trampoline. They connected the rubber bands from one side of the trampoline to the other and put bubble gum on top. Then they were ready to jump.

To get a really big jump, one kid jumps and when they're coming back down, the other kid jumps. This way, the first kid's jump helps the second kid jump even higher. That's what Harley and Nico did with their special trampoline. Harley jumped up, and as she came down, Nico jumped up. It was the highest jump any kid had ever done.

Nico jumped so high that he touched a cloud. When he came back down, the trampoline was still bouncy, so he bounced up again. The second time, he couldn't touch a cloud, but he came close. He saw birds flying in the sky and almost touched them.

When Nico finally landed on the trampoline and stopped bouncing, Harley asked him what he saw. Nico told her about the cloud made of white butterflies and how it moved all by itself without the wind pushing it. Harley couldn't believe it.

They went inside and told their parents about their special trampoline invention. That's when Harley's mom suggested they could use the rubber bands and bubble gum to build ships and sailboats with a new kind of sail. It would make the boats go really fast.

Harley and Nico thought it was a good idea. Since they were just kids, they couldn't build a real sailboat, so they decided to build one out of Lego. They drew pictures of their Lego sailboat and started building it with the help of their friends.

Soon, all the kids in town were at Nico's house, helping to build the biggest Lego sailboat in the world. They even used the special trampoline material on the bottom of the boat. When it was finished, everyone took pictures and celebrated.

They had to figure out how to get the sailboat out of Nico's house because it was too big to fit through a door. Nico's mom said they would have to call a construction company to make a hole in the wall. They all agreed to do that later.

Eventually, they got the sailboat out of the house and took it on the ocean. It turned out to be the fastest sailboat ever, not just one made by kids. Many grownups tried to copy their design, and Harley and Nico had to show them their special trick with rubber bands and bubble gum.

And so, Harley and Nico lived happily ever after. The end.