Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Nico. Nico loved to go on trampolines. And sometimes when Nico was jumping on trampolines, he would be able to fly higher than the top of the trampoline. He practiced jumping three times a day: after breakfast, after he got home from school or camp, and also before he went to bed. Nico was an expert jumper.

Well, sometimes Harley loved to go to Nico's house to watch Nico jumping on the trampoline. And they would even jump together sometimes. One day, Nico told Harley that he thought of a new invention. The invention was a trampoline. But instead of a regular trampoline bottom, they also stretched out a lot of bubble gum and some rubber bands. And they put the rubber bands and the bubble gum spread out on the bottom of the trampoline. And Harley told Nico it's a good idea and that would make the trampoline even bouncier.

Well, the next day, Harley and Nico told their parents to take them to the store and to get them bubblegum. They even used money that Nico had saved in his piggy bank to pay for it. And Harley and Nico bought so much bubblegum and they also got twelve packs of rubber bands. The rubber bands were different color rubber bands and some of the rubber bands were big, like as big as your arm. And some of the rubber bands were just teensy rubber bands, like that could only go around your finger or something.

Well, Harley and Nico had all they needed. So they went back to Nico's house and they put their supplies on the trampoline. They connected all of the rubber bands together, tying them from one side of the trampoline to the other, and then they put bubblegum on top of it all. And then they were ready to jump.

Now, the way to get a really big jump on a trampoline is if one kid jumps. And when that other kid is falling back down, the other kid jumps afterwards. So you could use the first kid's jump to jump even higher. Well, that was the trick that Harley and Nico used after the bubblegum was on the trampoline. And all of the rubber bands were connected. Harley jumped up, and as she came down, Nico jumped up. And it was the highest jump any kid in the whole world had done.

Nico jumped so high using his special kind of trampoline invention, that he all the way was able to touch a cloud. And Nico came back down. But when Nico fell back down because it was so high up, the trampoline was still bouncy, and he bounced up again. The second time, he couldn't touch a cloud, but he came close. And then he was able to bounce back to the trampoline, but it bounced him up again. And as Nico was stretching his arms out, he saw that there were birds flying in the sky, and he was able to come close to touching them.

And then Nico bounced down on the trampoline again, but it wasn't over. There was one last bounce. And when Nico bounced so high in the sky with his special trampoline invention, he saw that there was a cloud on top of him that was made up of white butterflies. And the reason it looks like the cloud moved in the sky when you're looking at it from Earth is not that the wind was blowing it. It's that all of the butterflies were flapping their wings and you just couldn't see from the ground because it's far away.

Well, then Nico got back, and finally he landed on the trampoline and was able to stop. Harley asked Nico what he saw, and Nico told Harley about the cloud, which was made of white butterflies, and how the cloud moved all the way by itself and there really wasn't the wind pushing it. And Harley said, no way. But Nico was right.

So Nico and Harley went inside and they told their parents about their special trampoline invention and how they built it all by themselves. Well, that's when Harley's mom said, "Harley, I think that you could use this special kind of trampoline invention with the rubber bands and the bubblegum to build ships and sailboats. And it would be a new kind of sail that if there was just a little wind, it would push the sail so hard, just like it pushed the trampoline so hard, and you could have the fastest sailboats in the world."

And Harley and Nico said that was a good idea. And they had an idea, because Harley and Nico were just kids, they couldn't build like a real sailboat out of wood and metal and plastic and rubber. So Harley and Nico, they had an idea, which was that they would build a sailboat out of Lego.

And Nico started to draw some pictures. And then Harley also showed by making a picture of a Lego sailboat. And Nico said that Harley's picture was better. And the reason Harley's picture was better is because her boat was longer. And Nico wanted to put in a really big sail because the sale for this kind of sailboat was important since it was made of the rubber band bubble gum trampoline stuff.

So Harley and Nico got hard to work. They told their parents they needed to use the rest of their money from the piggy bank to buy so much Lego. And they said it had to be like a whole room full of Lego. And then Harley and Nico told their parents to tell all of their friends that their kids needed to come help build a Lego sailboat.

Soon, all of the kids in town were knocking on Nico in Harley's door, and Nico it was really Nico's house. And Nico had a big party at his house. And there were so many games as the kids in the town were able to build the biggest Lego sailboat in the world. And you might think that a Lego sailboat would just sink because it's made of Lego, and Lego could have some holes, but in the bottom of the sailboat, nico and Harley also put that kind of trampoline bubblegum rubber band material.

All right, they were coming to a finish, and all of the kids had contributed and helped build this special rubber band trampoline bubblegum sailboat, which was made out of Lego. And soon, all of their parents took pictures, and they said that they did a great job. And Harley and Nico said that they had to figure out how to get it out of Nico's house because it was too big to fit through a door. The sailboat was like the size of a whole room.

And that's when Nico's mom said that they were going to have to call a construction company and they were going to have to chop down one of the walls in the house, and they were going to have to let the sailboat, which was made out of Lego, go out of the hole that the construction crew knocked in the house. And so Nico said it was a good idea and that they should just build one later. And his mom said okay.

What? Bun okay. And Nico and Harley got their special sailboat out of their house, and later they took it on the ocean, and it ended up being the fastest sailboat not only that a kid had made, but the fastest sailboat in the whole world ever. And lots of grownups tried to copy their design, and Harley and Nico had to show them their special trick for connecting rubber bands together and making them even stronger with bubblegum.

And Harley and Nico lived happily ever after. The end.