Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Noah. Noah lived in a house in a place where it was very snowy. There was a big blizzard outside, and you could see snow through the windows of the house, covering the streets, sidewalks, bushes, and trees where Noah and his family lived.

It was quite interesting because in the snow, Noah could see little things sledding, but they weren't people. They were way too small to be people. Noah had never seen this in the snow before. So, he asked his parents if they could put on gloves, snowshoes, and warm winter jackets to go outside. Noah's parents agreed, and they went out into the snow.

As they stepped out, they saw little horses on tiny sleds, going for sled rides. But it wasn't just horses; there were also unicorns sledding! The one in charge of the hill, which was really just the sidewalk of the street where Noah and his family lived, was a rainbow-colored frog. This frog told all the horses where they could sled and where they couldn't.

Some of the horses neighed, and some laughed because they loved going on special horse sleds. These were small horses, even smaller than a mouse, so they could fit on little sleds. The horses sometimes used plates to sled on because the plates were slippery in the snow. Some of the horses even went in sippy cups, galloping as the sippy cup slid down the snow.

The frog in charge told all the horses they weren't allowed to go in the street because cars went there, and they had to stay on the sidewalk. All the horses agreed. Then, some of the horses said it was getting too cold for them, and they didn't have mittens or gloves. They also wanted a campfire, hot chocolate, and marshmallows.

The rainbow-colored frog said he could help. He gathered little sticks, put them in a pile, and breathed out fire to make a campfire. Then, the frog went to his bag and showed Noah and the little horses that he had marshmallows, hot chocolate mix, milk, and cookies. The frog told the horses they could take a break from sledding and have some roasted marshmallows. He held the sticks with marshmallows for them.

The fire the frog made was a rainbow-colored fire. The marshmallows were tiny because the horses were tiny. But the frog also had a big marshmallow for Noah. He gave Noah the big marshmallow, a graham cracker, and some Hershey's Kisses to make a s'more. Noah thought it was yummy, so he ate it up.

Then, the rainbow frog said it was time for a dance party. Noah asked where they would have the dance party, and the frog said he had a dinosaur friend who would come over soon and be in charge of the dance party. Noah agreed, and just then, he saw a big green dinosaur coming through the snow, wearing sunglasses and silly snow boots.

As the dinosaur got closer, it started to sneeze. Every time it sneezed, rainbow sprinkles came out of its mouth and landed on the snow. Finally, the dinosaur reached Noah, the Rainbow Frog, and the little horses on sleds. The dinosaur asked if everyone was ready for the dance party, and Noah said they were.

The dinosaur played special music that only kids and the little horses could hear. They all started to giggle, laugh, and dance in a circle in the snow. Then, the dinosaur had a great idea: the kids and horses could ride down the dinosaur's tail into a pile of snow! Everyone took turns, and it was a lot of fun.

Noah told the dinosaur he was glad he found their special party. The dinosaur asked if they could be friends for a long time, and Noah agreed. The dinosaur told Noah that the sprinkles it sneezed out were magic. If you saved one and put it in a fish tank, it would grow to the size of an apple. When it popped open, there would be a special surprise toy inside!

Noah was so happy he had collected some dinosaur sprinkles. The Rainbow Frog asked for one too, and Noah shared. Noah's parents saw it was getting late, so they asked Noah if he wanted to go home for some hot chocolate. Noah agreed, and they walked back through the snow to their house, where they had a fun day.

Noah and his family lived happily ever after. The end.