Welcome to makeup stories. This is your host, Steve. I have an important announcement to make. Now makesup Stories has a website. It's makeup stories.com. If you're a kid and you want to be on this podcast, then ask your parents to go to Makeup stories.com on their phone or on their computer. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Maya. Makeup stories. The best ever. Tell your friends. My name is Noah and I live in Salt Lake City, Utah. And I am four years old. Now, I like a story about a frog, this rainbow color and dinosaur, they can fart all day long, and a cup that can turn into a frog and walk. Thank you. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a boy named Noah who lives in Salt Lake City, Utah, and who is four years old. And so we want to say, Hi, Noah. Hi, Noah. The king. And Noah asks for us to make up a story that includes a rainbow frog that breathes fire, a dinosaur that can fart all day long, and a cup that can turn into a frog. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Noah. Noah lived in a house in a place where it was so snowy, and there was a big blizzard outside, and you can see snow through the windows of the house all the way on the streets and the sidewalks, on the bushes and the trees of the place where Noah and his family lived. It was also kind of interesting, because in the snow, you could see little things that were sledding, but they weren't people. They were way too small to be people. And Noah had never seen this in the snow before. And so Noah asked his parents if they could put on some gloves and some snowshoes and a warm, thick winter jacket and go outside. And Noah's parents said, okay. So they went out in the snow. And as they got out in the snow, they saw that there were little horses, and the little horses were on little sleds, and the horses would go on sled rides. And it wasn't just horses. There were also unicorns that were sledding. And the person who was in charge of the hill, which was really just the sidewalk of the street that Noah and his family lived on, it was really a frog. It was a rainbow colored frog. And the rainbow colored frog was telling all of the horses where they were allowed to sled and where they weren't. And some of the horses were saying nay, and some of the horses were just kind of laughing because horses loved to go on special horse sleds. These were small horses. They were horses that were even smaller than a mouse, and so they could fit on little kinds of sleds. The horses sometimes like to go, unlike plates, to sled on, because the plates were kind of slippery in the snow. And some of the horses would even go in sippy cups, and they would just gallop as the sippy cup went down the snow. While the frog that was in charge, he was telling all of the horses that they weren't allowed to go in the street because cars went there and that they had to stay on the sidewalk. And all of the horses said okay. And then some of the horses said that it was getting too cold for them and that they didn't have any mittens or gloves or anything like that. And they also said that they wanted to have like a campfire and to have hot chocolate and marshmallows. So the rainbow colored frog told them that he could help. And the rainbow colored frog got some little sticks together and he put those sticks in a pile. And then the rainbow colored frog breathed out some fire, and the fire went on the sticks, and the sticks turned into a campfire. And then the rainbow colored frog went all the way over to his bag, and he showed Noah and all of the little horses that in his bag he had some marshmallows and hot chocolate mix and also some milk and some cookies. And then the rainbow colored frog told the horses that if they were ready, they could take a break from sledding and that they could have some roasted marshmallows. And the frog was in charge of holding the sticks that the marshmallows were attached to. And the fire that the frog made was a rainbow colored friar. The marshmallows were really small marshmallows because the horses were really small horses. But the rainbow colored frog also did have a big marshmallow, and that one was for Noah. And the rainbow colored frog gave Noah one of these big marshmallows. It was a little bit burned on one of the sides, but it was kind of yummy. And the rainbow colored frog also had a graham cracker and some Hershey's Kisses. And the rainbow colored frog made a silly kind of s'more with the wrong kind of chocolate, and Noah thought that it was still yummy, and so he ate it up. And then the rainbow frog told Noah that it was dance party time. And Noah asked where they were going to have the dance party. And the rainbow colored frog said that he had a friend who was a dinosaur. And the dinosaur friend wore some sunglasses and also had silly snow boots on. And the dinosaur friend was going to come over soon and be in charge of the dance party. And Noah said okay. Just as he said okay, noah could see that there was a big green dinosaur coming through the snow. The dinosaur looked kind of nice because its sunglasses had smiley faces on the eyes. As the dinosaur got closer, it started to sneeze. And every time the dinosaur sneezed, there would be some rainbow sprinkles that would come out of the dinosaur's mouth and go on top of the snow. Finally, the dinosaur got to where Noah and the Rainbow Frog and the little horses that were on the sleds were. And the dinosaur asked if everyone was ready for their dance party. And Noah said that everybody was. And so the dinosaur put on some dinosaur music. And the music was a really special kind of music. The way this music worked is grownups couldn't hear it. Only kids could hear the music, and kids could dance to the music. And the grownups would be like, well, there's no music, but the kids would know that there really is some music. And so the dinosaur put on the special kind of music that only kids could hear. And all of the kids started to giggle and to laugh. And all of the little horses who could also hear it also started to dance. And they started to do a circle dance in the snow. And as they were doing a circle dance, then the dinosaur had a really good idea. The dinosaur told all of the kids that they could get rides to take a slide down the dinosaur tail. And all of the kids and all of the horses took a turn to ride down the dinosaur tail all the way into a pile of snow. And it was a lot of fun. And so Noah told them that he was really proud that he woke up on this day and was able to find their special party. And the dinosaur asked Noah if they wanted to be friends for a long time. And Noah told the dinosaur that Noah was even going to save some of the sprinkles that it sneezed out. And the dinosaur told Noah that that was a good idea, because the sprinkles that the dinosaur sneezed out, they were kind of like magic sprinkles. And if you saved up one of the sprinkles, then and you'd have to put it in kind of like a fish tank, if you saved it up a dinosaur sprinkle and you put it in a fish tank, then the sprinkle will get bigger and bigger until it gets to be about the size of an apple. And when the sprinkle gets to be the size of an apple, then it will pop open. And after the sprinkle pops open, it'll make like a cloud of blue and green dust. And after the cloud of blue and green dust goes away, there will be a special surprise toy. And so Noah was so happy that he had collected some of the dinosaur sprinkles from when the dinosaur sneezed. And the Rainbow Frog asked if he could have one of those sprinkles as well. And Noah said, okay. And Noah gave the rainbow frog one of the sprinkles. Well, Noah's parents saw that it was getting late, and so they asked Noah if he wanted to go home for some hot chocolate. And Noah said, okay. And so Noah and his family walked all the way back through the snow, back to their house, and they went inside and had a really fun day. And Noah and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Now it's time for some science questions. If you want to be on the Makeup Stories podcast and you have a question, then ask your parents to go to Makeup stories.com on their telephone or on their computer. My name is Nathaniela, I am five years old. I live in Sweden. My bedtime question is, if you were an astronaut with planet would you go to? Tonight's question comes from a girl named Daniella. Daniella asks, if you were an astronaut, what planet would you go to? That is a great question. One place I might go is to a moon of Jupiter called Europa. And I think it would be really nice to be on that moon because some people think that that could be a good place for some things to live. And Jupiter has several moons and so you could not only see Jupiter, which is really big, and the sun, but also different moons around Jupiter. So it would be like a cool show during the nights and you could also see Earth in the distance. That would be one choice. Some of the planets are made of like, metal, like iron, like in the center of Earth. It's made of really hot metal and we call it magma. But there are other planets that are made of just diamonds and the whole planet is made of, like, diamond, and there are other planets that are made of just water. And so there are lots of different fun planets that I would explore if I were an astronaut with a really good rocket ship. My Duck Stories was the best podcast. Have your bunch.