Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four and a half-year-old boy named Finn. Finn was a special boy because he had a secret power that nobody knew about. Finn's secret power was that he could fly. His parents didn't believe him when he said he could fly, and sometimes his friends thought he was just pretending. But really, when nobody was looking, Finn could fly.

Finn would put on a cape, like a Superman cape or a Batman cape or a cape of a different superhero. Then he would stand on a step, jump, and say the magic word, which was kawab. As he said, kawa bunga falu zaba, he would flap his cape and start to fly.

Finn always did this in secret because superheroes don't always show their talents to everyone. So one day, after having scrambled eggs for breakfast, Finn decided to do something before going to school. He was going to fly to a farm, catch a chicken, and bring it to his classroom before anyone saw. When Finn's friends got to school, they would open the door and see a chicken clucking and dancing around, which would make them laugh.

When Finn got to school that day and put the chicken in the classroom, his teacher asked, "Finn, what did you just do?" Finn replied, "Nothing. It's a secret." The teacher then said, "Well, Finn, our class is going to the museum today. Can you join us?" Finn agreed and was allowed to bring his chicken.

Finn carried his chicken to the museum, and he went on a bus with all of his friends. When they got to the museum, they saw dinosaurs. The dinosaurs were really big. They had bones as big as windows, heads as big as couches, and feet as big as cars. These were some of the biggest dinosaurs in the world called Tyrannosaurus rex or T-rex.

It was a good thing that Finn brought his chicken because it decided to escape in the museum. The chicken went right on top of a dinosaur and fit into the dinosaur's mouth, making the dinosaur bones sneeze. The dinosaur sneezed out the chicken, and the bones started to twinkle. There was glitter in the air, and it got a little foggy. The kids thought they heard a noise that went "RA," but the teacher told them not to be scared.

Suddenly, the lights came on in the museum. First, a red light, then a green light, and finally a blue light. A sprinkler system in the museum started to spray orange juice instead of water. The dinosaur bones came alive, and the dinosaur said, "Don't be afraid of me. I'm not a scary dinosaur. I am a friendly dinosaur."

Finn told his friends that he made the dinosaur come alive because of the chicken. The dinosaur offered to take Finn and his friends on a ride. They climbed up the dinosaur's tail and onto its back. The dinosaur marched out of the museum with all the kids on it, and Finn told the dinosaur where to go.

Finn heard a sound in the distance and wanted to check it out. The dinosaur carefully walked through the city and climbed on top of buildings to get to the forest where the sound was coming from. At the edge of the forest, they saw something shiny. It was a secret treasure map that led to a chocolate wolf factory.

They followed the treasure map on the dinosaur until they reached the chocolate wolf factory. There were pretend wolves made out of chocolate outside, and inside, there were real wolves who were good at huffing and puffing. They would blow out fire to melt the chocolate for candy bars. The wolves wore hats and silly capes and delivered the chocolate to the city.

Finn asked if the wolves were nice, and the dinosaur confirmed they were. One of the wolves gave Finn and his friends chocolate shaped like dinosaurs. Finn thanked the friendly wolves and rode the dinosaur back to the museum. He told the dinosaur to go back to sleep and pretend not to be alive. Finn promised to return for another ride when he turned five years old. The dinosaur thanked Finn for the adventure, and Finn and his classmates lived happily ever after. The end.