Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four and a half-year-old boy whose name was Finn. Finn was a special four and a half-year-old boy because Finn had a secret power that nobody knew about. Finn's secret power was that he could fly. His parents didn't believe him when he said he could fly, and sometimes his friends thought that he was just tricking. But really, when nobody was looking, Finn could fly. 

The way Finn started to fly was he would put on a cape, like a Superman cape or a Batman cape or a cape of a different superhero. And then he would go on a step and he would jump, and he would say the magic word, which was kawab. And just as he said, kawa bunga falu zaba, he would flap his cape and start to fly. 

Well, Finn always did this in secret when nobody was watching, because superheroes don't always show their talents and secrets to everyone. So one day, after Finn had some breakfast, which included scrambled eggs, Finn decided that he was going to do something before going to school. And the thing that he was going to do was he was going to fly over to a farm, and he was going to catch a chicken. And when he was going to catch the chicken, he would bring it to his school and put it inside his classroom before anybody saw. And then when Finn's friends got to school, all of them would open the door and they would look inside the classroom, and do you know what they would see? A chicken going clock, clock, cluck, cluck, cluck, and flapping its wings and dancing around, doing a chicken dance. And all of the kids in Finn's class would laugh, because that is a silly joke. 

Well, when Finn got to school that day and he put the chicken in the classroom before any of the kids could get there, his teacher said, "Finn, what did you just do?" And Finn said, "Nothing. It's a secret." And Finn's teacher said, "Well, Finn, I have something important to say. The whole class is going to the museum today. Can you join us?" And Finn said that he could also go to the museum. And the teacher said that Finn could bring his chicken. 

And Finn carried his chicken to the museum, and he went in a bus with all of his friends. When they got to the museum, they saw that there were dinosaurs. The dinosaurs in the museum were really big. They had bones that were as big as windows. They had heads that were as big as couches, and they had feet that were as big as a car. These were some of the biggest dinosaurs in the world called Tyrannosaurus rex or T-rex. 

Yeah, those are the T-rexes. Tyrannosaurus rex are even taller than T-rex. Yeah. And Tyrannosaurus rex and T-rex are the same kind of dinosaur. They're really tall. And the dinosaurs, there were just bones. Well, it was a good thing that Finn brought his chicken, because the chicken decided to escape in the museum. And the chicken went right on top of a dinosaur. And when the chicken went on top of a dinosaur, the chicken fit right into where the dinosaur's mouth was, and that made the dinosaur bones sneeze, and the dinosaur sneezed out the chicken because the chicken was right by his bony mouth. And the dinosaur started to twinkle, and there started to be some glitter in the air, and it started to get a little bit foggy, and the kids thought they heard a noise that went RA, and the teacher told them not to be scared. 

Suddenly, the lights came on in the museum. First, a red light came on, and then a green light and then a blue light. And there was a sprinkler system in the museum, and the sprinkler had a hose with water attached to it, and one of the kids pressed a button, and the sprinkler started to spray, but instead of just spraying water, the sprinkler sprayed orange juice. And it was a very special time in the museum because the dinosaur bones came alive, and the dinosaur said, RA. And it looked down at Finn and all of his friends, and the dinosaur said, "Don't be afraid of me. I'm not a scary dinosaur. I am a friendly dinosaur." 

And Finn told all of his friends that he made the dinosaur come alive in the museum because of the chicken. And the chicken made the dinosaur sneeze. And when it sneezed, it turned alive. And the dinosaur told Finn and all of his friends that they could all go on a dinosaur ride at the same time. So Finn told his friends that they should start climbing up the dinosaur tail because the tail was low down and kids could get on it. And they started climbing up the dinosaur's back until they were high up right behind the dinosaur's head, and there was so much room on the dinosaur because the dinosaur was so big that all of Finn's friends got to go on the Yippee hooray, fun, super razzledazzle dinosaur ride. 

And the dinosaur marched out of the museum with all of the kids on it, and Finn got to tell the dinosaur which way to go. Finn told the dinosaur to go straight because he heard a sound going in the distance in a forest, and he wanted to check out what it was. Well, the dinosaur started to follow the noise, and all of the kids and the teachers were going on the dinosaur ride. The dinosaur started walking through the street. It was a friendly dinosaur, and the dinosaur had to be really careful as he was crossing the street not to step on cars because he was so big. 

The dinosaur decided to climb on top of buildings and to go a speed, fast, turbo, super duper way on top of trees to get outside of the city to where the forest was and where they heard the sound. So the dinosaur got there, and when he got to the edge of the forest, he saw something shiny. The shiny thing looked like the sail of a ship that had floated onto an island right by the magic forest. But it wasn't a regular sail from a sail ship because this shiny sail had a secret treasure map on it, and it showed a picture of a wolf, and it also showed a picture of some chocolate. 

And Finn told his friend that the map that they found was a secret treasure map, and it led to a chocolate wolf factory. And so they followed the treasure map pointing the way on the dinosaur until they got to the chocolate wolf factory. In the chocolate wolf factory outside of the factory, there were pretend wolves that were really just made out of chocolate, and they would have a recording on it which said, Ho, ho, ho. And inside of the factory, there were a lot of wolves who were all nice, and the wolves inside of the factory were so good at huffing and puffing, and so they would huff, and they would puff, and they would blow out some fire. And after they blew out the fire, it melted some stuff that the factory needed to make chocolate, and the chocolate would go into candy bars. 

And then some real wolves who were wearing hats and wearing silly, silly capes took the chocolate out of the factory, and they put it on a wolf truck and drove it all the way to the city to give to all the people. And so Finn asked, "Are these nice wolves?" And the dinosaur that Finn was riding said that, yes, the wolves there was nice were nice. And one of the wolves told Finn that he could have some chocolate that was the shape of a dinosaur. And the wolf got some other dinosaur chocolate for all of Finn's friends. And even the teacher got one as well. 

So Finn said thank you to the friendly wolves, and he rode the dinosaur back to the museum, and he parked it there. And he told the dinosaur that he should go back to sleep now and pretend to not really be alive. But that a different day. When he was five years old, Finn would come back to go on another ride, and the dinosaur said, "Thank you for the adventure." And Finn and the rest of his class lived happily ever after. The end.