Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a five-year-old girl named Maddie. In Maddie's world, there was no sun in the sky. Instead, there was a big light bulb. It was a huge, very bright light bulb that was like a giant flashlight shining from outer space, even past the moon onto Earth. Maddie always wondered how she could get to that flashlight because, in her world, all of the light came from that big flashlight in outer space.

One day, Maddie had a great idea. She wanted to make a kid's rocket ship that a five-year-old girl or boy could fit in. This rocket ship would go from her world all the way past the clouds in the sky, higher than the moon, and all the way up to outer space. Then, she would go to the flashlight in her rocket ship and see if she could turn it on or off. She thought that if she turned it off, it would be nighttime in her world, and if she turned it on, it would be daytime again.

Maddie discovered that she could make a rocket ship out of a lantern. She put a seat in the middle of the lantern, and this rocket ship was powered by a special light bulb called a laser. Lasers are kinds of lights that can focus their rays in specific locations. A regular flashlight shines all over, but a laser shines in one place. Maddie figured out how to make a laser pointer rocket ship inside the lantern.

Maddie asked her friend Nancy to join her, and they blasted off from outside their house. When they got higher up into the clouds, they saw lots of balloons. They had always wondered where balloons went when kids let them go or when the wind blew them away. They found out that the balloons were on top of the clouds, which is why regular people can't see them.

There was a giant named Otter who was blowing up the balloons on top of the clouds. Otter had a head that looked like a sea otter. He told Maddie and Nancy that he was blowing up so many balloons because other giants liked to go on balloon rides. Regular people couldn't see the giants flying on their balloons because they always did it on top of the clouds.

Maddie thought this was really special, but she needed to make sure her rocket ship kept going into outer space. Otter the giant said that if the laser pointer rocket ship didn't work, they could attach balloons to it. These balloons were so big that they would float all the way to outer space. Maddie asked why they didn't pop, and Otter explained that they were made of a magic material that was soft like a blanket but very sturdy. The balloons carried Maddie and Nancy's rocket ship all the way to outer space.

They got higher and higher until they saw where the sun was supposed to be, but instead, there was the big flashlight. Nancy showed Maddie the switch on the flashlight, and they turned it off. The whole world went dark, and it became nighttime on their planet. They heard some kids giggling because they were playing hide and seek, and nobody could find them.

Nancy and Maddie decided to turn the light back on, and they heard the kids who were hiding being found because it got light again. They attached a rope to the flashlight and flew the rope all the way to their world. The rocket ship landed safely using the laser pointer, and they thanked Otter the giant on the way down.

When they got back to their planet, they dropped the rope and made an announcement to everyone. Maddie said, "Attention, everyone! I have an important announcement. I flew in a rocket ship to the flashlight, where the sun is supposed to be. I attached a rope to it so that whenever we want to turn it on and off, we can do that by pulling the rope. We can make it be nighttime or daytime whenever we want." Everyone thought it was a great invention and cheered for Maddie.

They decided to have an ice cream cake party even though it wasn't Maddie's birthday. Maddie and all her friends got a piece of ice cream cake, but Maddie got an extra little piece since it was her special invention. Everyone was happy with Maddie, and she lived happily ever after. Share this story with your friends because they'll like it too. The end.