Welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime rumpus. Tonight's makeup story is your request from a five year old listener whose name is Maddie. Maddie asked for us to make up a story that includes a giant that lives in the clouds and a chicken that can talk. And we're also going to add a rocket ship that's a lantern. A lantern is like something with a light bulb inside it. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a five year old girl whose name was maddie. In the world where maddie lived, there was no sun in the sky. Instead of a sun, there was a big light bulb. And it was a ginormous, very strong light bulb that was like a huge flashlight that shone from outer space, even past the moon onto earth. And maddie always grew up wondering how she could get to that flashlight, because in this world, there was no sun, and all of the light came from the big flashlight in outer space. One day, when maddie was five years old, she had a good idea. Her idea was that she was going to make a kid's rocket ship that a five year old girl or boy could fit in, that was able to go from her world all the way past the clouds in the sky, higher than the moon and all the way up to outer space. And then she was going to go to the flashlight in her rocket ship, and she was going to see if she could turn it on or off. And she decided if she turned it off then because the flashlight was off, it would mean that it's dark in her world and it was really nighttime. And if she turned the flashlight on, then it became daytime in her world again because it was such a big flashlight that shined and shone so much light. Well, maddie found out that she could make a rocket ship out of a lantern. She put a seat in middle of the lantern, and this rocket ship was powered by the light bulb. It wasn't a regular light bulb. It was a laser. Light lasers are kinds of lights that could focus their rays in particular locations. A regular flashlight makes it shiny all over, but a laser makes it shiny in one place. And maddie found out how to make a laser pointer rocket ship in that lantern. Well, she got a friend of hers named Nancy, and maddie and nancy blasted off from outside of their house. When they got higher uppie into the clouds, they saw there were a lot of balloons, and they always wondered where balloons went when kids let them go, or they started going in the sky because the wind blew them away. And she found out where it was. The laser light lantern rocket ship that they were strapped to passed a big field full of balloons that were green and yellow and red and purple and violet and amber, and some were twinkly, and some were shiny. Some of the balloons had flashing lights in them. Some of the balloons even made funny noises. And all of these balloons were on top of the clouds, which is why regular people can't see them, because the clouds block the way. And there was a giant who was blowing up the balloons on top of the clouds. The giant's name was otter, and he was a regular person, but he had a head that looked like a sea otter. And otter the giant told Maddie and maddie's friend nancy that he was blowing up so many balloons because other giants like to go on balloon rides. And regular people couldn't see the giants flying on their balloons because they would always do it on top of the clouds. Well, maddie said this was really special, but she had to make sure that her rocket ship kept going into outer space. And the giant said that in case the laser pointer, flashlight, lantern, rocket ship doesn't work, they could attach balloons to it, and the balloons would be so big that they would float all the way to outer space. Well, maddie said, okay, and the giant, why didn't they pop? And these balloons were so strong that they didn't pop, and they were made of a magic kind of material that when you felt it, it felt kind of like a really soft blankie or maybe like was it a fuzzy thing, like as hard as cement? It wasn't as hard as cement because it really did feel soft, but it was very sturdy. And it carried Maddie and Nancy's rocket ship all the way to outer space. And they got higher and higher until they saw where the sun was supposed to be, but where there was instead a big flashlight. And when they got to the flashlight, nancy was the first one to tell maddie where the switch was. She showed maddie that there was a switch on the flashlight in the back. And maddie and nancy switched the flashlight off, and just as they did it, the whole world went dark. And it turned into nighttime on their whole planet because it was like the sun went away. And when it got really dark, they heard some kids on their planet giggling, and they thought it was so funny because they were playing a hide and seek game and nobody could find them. Well, Nancy and maddie decided to turn the light back on, and they heard all the way from the planet that the kids who were hiding somewhere were found because it got light again. And they decided to attach a rope to the flashlight, and they would fly a long, long rope all the way to their world. And the rocket ship carried the rope down to their world, and they landed the rocket ship safely using the laser pointer. And they thanked otter the giant, who they saw on the way. And when they got down to the surface of their planet, they dropped the rope, and they made an announcement to everyone. Maddie said, attention, everyone. I have an important announcement. The announcement is that I flew in a rocket ship to the flashlight. That's where the sun is supposed to be. And I attached a rope to it so that whenever we want to turn it on and off, we could do that by pulling the rope. And we can make it be nighttime anytime we want. And we can make it be daytime anytime we want. And everyone thought that was such a good invention, and they started saying hip, hip hooray. And they decided to have an ice cream cake party even though it wasn't maddie's birthday. So maddie got some ice cream cake, and all of her friends got to get a piece. But maddie got an extra little piece since it was her special invention. And everyone was happy with Maddie. And maddie lived happily ever after. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up, because there like it.