Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Arlo. Arlo was very excited because his mom and dad told him that they were going to see monster trucks at a monster truck rally underground that afternoon. Arlo wasn't sure if there would really be monster trucks underground, because he thought maybe they would just be toy monster trucks in a basement. But later that day, his dad held one hand, and his mom held the other, and together they found a secret pipe big enough for people to walk through. Arlo and his parents went into the magic pipe under the ground.

When they got underground, they saw the pipes kept going and going until they got deeper and deeper under the earth. When they got really deep, they found the secret monster truck jam rally. In that place, there was a big arena with lots of empty space and some dirt on the bottom. There were monster trucks rumbling up and down big hills underground. And there were also dinosaurs! The dinosaurs were stomping around, and some of them were hungry because they just woke up and it was breakfast time. The mama dinosaurs were cooking scrambled eggs on top of volcanoes because dinosaurs don't have regular ovens. When they needed breakfast, dinosaurs couldn't make regular scrambled eggs on top of ovens. Dinosaurs needed to cook on top of volcanoes. The dinosaur moms would crack lots of eggs and mix them up on top of the lava. When they were ready, the dinosaur moms would pick them up using a special dinosaur spatula, and then they would blow on the scrambled eggs. The dinosaur kids would then get to eat them for breakfast. Sometimes the dinosaur moms and dads drank dinosaur coffee and told the kid dinosaurs that coffee wasn't yummy for kids. Sometimes the kid dinosaurs wanted Cheerios, Lucky Charms, or different kinds of cereal. When the kids wanted cereal, there were cows that said, "moo, moo, moo." The cows had water guns filled with milk. They would squirt their water guns into big bathtubs, and then they would pour three boxes of Cheerios and Lucky Charms. The dinosaurs would lick up the Cheerios and Lucky Charms from the bathtubs without using spoons. It would get so messy!

That day, when Arlo was underground with his parents watching the monster trucks, they saw one monster truck with such a strong engine that it could jump whenever it wanted to, even without a hill. The wheels would go down, and it would jump up. Some dinosaurs were holding jump ropes, and the monster truck had to jump over them. All the kids watching underground were cheering because they had never seen dinosaurs holding a jump rope and a monster truck jumping over it.

But Arlo told his parents that there was another room underground they hadn't seen yet. He asked if they knew where the magic blue genie was. Arlo's mom and dad looked around, but they didn't see a magic blue genie. So Arlo had an idea. He asked the dinosaurs if any of them needed a bath. Some of the dinosaurs looked around and did the dinosaur silly dance. When they do the dinosaur silly dance, they put a necklace on their tails, whip them around, and say "Lady Dooda" as they play. The dinosaurs were excited because it was bath time. The dinosaur moms told all the dinosaurs, "time to go in the bath." But one little dinosaur was very sad. Do you know why? Because that little dinosaur didn't want his mom to put shampoo in his hair, as he was worried it would get in his eyes.

Arlo told his parents they needed to go into the bathtub room to watch the dinosaurs take their baths. They went in and saw the biggest bathtub underground. It was almost as big as an ocean and as deep as if you put ten straws on top of each other, then a skyscraper on top of the straws, and a submarine on top of that. That's how deep the ocean was for the dinosaurs to take their bath. The dinosaurs were taking their bath when the dinosaur mommy started to put shampoo on a little baby dinosaur's hair. The baby dinosaur said, "Ouch! Ouch! Mommy, the shampoo is getting in my hair." The mom said, "that's okay." The dinosaur said, "but it's also getting in my eye, and it hurts when the shampoo is in my eye." The dinosaur mama said, "It's okay, I'll get some of the shampoo out of your eye." She started to put water in the dinosaur's eye. The little baby dinosaur said, "Mama, Mama, that's not helping. My eye still hurts." The dinosaur mama got a little towel and rubbed the little dinosaur's eye. When the little dinosaur opened his eye, do you know who he saw? He saw Arlo! The little dinosaur asked Arlo if he was the one putting shampoo in his hair. Arlo said it was really the dinosaur's mom. The dinosaur asked Arlo if he wanted to go in the ocean bath with them. Arlo said it was a bit too deep. The dinosaur showed Arlo that he had rubber duckies and little boats to play with in the bath. Arlo asked the dinosaurs if they were almost ready to get out of the bath because he wanted to see the monster jam again. The dinosaurs said, "okay." The little baby dinosaur stopped crying, and he got out of the bath, along with the other dinosaurs.

The dinosaur moms and dads didn't give the dinosaurs regular people towels because dinosaurs are bigger and need towels even bigger than a blanket. Dinosaurs need towels as big as a whole house on top of an elephant, plus a giraffe with a whale. That's how big a dinosaur towel is. The dinosaur moms and dads wrapped up the little wet baby dinosaurs snugly because they were done with their bath. After they got out of the bath, they went back with Arlo to the monster truck rally. The monster trucks were going up and down big hills, and their big wheels were turning when suddenly one of the monster trucks came up to Arlo and asked, "Arlo, do you want to drive in this?" Arlo said, "I would, but I don't think it's safe because a monster truck could crash." The monster truck said, "okay." Just then, a race car came. The race car had bumpers and a big balloon all around it, so if it crashed, it wouldn't be a big accident. The balloon would just pop. Arlo decided to drive the balloon race car underground, and he had a lot of fun. All the dinosaurs tried to run around with him, but Arlo was the fastest.

Arlo was getting tired because he had a really fun day underground with the monster trucks, the race car, and the dinosaurs. So Arlo climbed out of the pipe with his parents and went back home. Arlo and his family lived happily ever after. The end.