Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Arlo. Arlo was very excited because his mom and his dad told him that that afternoon they were going to go see monster trucks at a monster truck rally underground. Arlo didn't know that there were really going to be monster trucks underground, because he thought maybe they'll just be toy monster trucks and it'll be like a basement. But later that day, his dad held his hand, and his mom held his other hand, and Arlo and his parents found a secret pipe that was big enough for people to walk through. And Arlo's parents went with Arlo in the magic pipe under the ground.

When they got under the ground, they saw the pipes kept going and going until they got deeper and deeper under the earth. When they got so deep under the earth, they found the secret monster truck jam rally. And at that place, there was a big arena with a lot of empty space and some dirt on the bottom. And there were monster trucks that were rumbling up and down big hills under the ground. And there were also dinosaurs. And the dinosaurs were tromping about, and some of the dinosaurs were hungry because they just woke up and it was breakfast time. And the mama dinosaurs were cooking scrambled eggs on top of volcanoes because dinosaurs don't have regular ovens. And when they need breakfast, dinosaurs can't make regular scrambled eggs on top of ovens. Dinosaurs need to cook on top of volcanoes. And the dinosaur moms would crack a lot of eggs and mix them up on top of the lava. And when they were ready, the dinosaur moms would pick it up using a special dinosaur spatula, and then they would blow on the scrambled eggs, and then the dinosaur kids would get to eat it for breakfast. And sometimes the dinosaur moms and the dinosaur dads drank some dinosaur coffee, and they told the kid dinosaurs that coffee was not yummy for kids. And sometimes the kid dinosaurs wanted some Cheerios or Lucky Charms or different kinds of cereal. And whenever the kids wanted cereal, there were a bunch of cows that said, "moo, moo, moo." And all of the cows had water guns. And inside of the water guns, the cows kept some milk. And the cows would squirt their water guns into big bathtubs. And the milk would go in the bathtubs, and then they would pour three boxes of Cheerios and Lucky Charms, and the dinosaurs would lick up the Cheerios and the Lucky Charms from the bathtubs without using spoons. And it would get so messy.

Well, that day when Arlo was under the ground with his parents and looking at the monster trucks, they saw that there was one monster truck that had such a strong engine, it was able to jump whenever it wanted to, even if there was no hill, and the wheels would go down and it would jump up. And there was even some dinosaurs that were holding jump ropes, and the monster truck had to jump over the jump ropes. And all of the kids who were watching under the ground were cheering because they had never seen dinosaurs holding a jump rope and a monster truck jumping the jump rope.

But Arlo told his parents that there was a different room underground that they had not yet seen. And he asked his parents if they knew where the magic blue genie is. And Arlo's mom and Arlo's dad looked around, but they did not see a magic blue genie. So Arlo had an idea. Arlo asked the dinosaurs if any of them needed to take a bath. And some of the dinosaurs looked around, and they did the dinosaur silly dance. When they do the dinosaur silly dance, you put a necklace on dinosaur tails, and the dinosaurs whip around their necklace tails, and it goes up and down, and they have to say "Lady Dooda" as they play that game. And the dinosaurs were very excited because it was bath time. And so the dinosaur moms told all of the dinosaurs, "time to go in the bath." But there was one little dinosaur who was very sad. And, buddy, do you know why that little dinosaur was sad? Why? Because that little dinosaur didn't want his dinosaur mom to put some shampoo in his dinosaur hair, because that little dinosaur was worried that some shampoo would get in his eyes.

And so Arlo told his parents that they needed to go into the bathtub room to watch all of the dinosaurs get their bathtubs, get their baths. And Arlo went in, and he saw the biggest bathtub underground. It was almost as big as an ocean, and it was as deep as like if you put ten straws on top of each other, and then you put a big building, a skyscraper on top of the straws, and then you put a submarine on top of that. That's how deep the ocean was that the dinosaurs would take their bath in. And the dinosaurs were taking their bath. And then the dinosaur mommy started to put some shampoo on one of the little baby dinosaurs' hair, and the little baby dinosaur said, "Ouch. Ouch. Mommy, the shampoo is getting in my hair." And the mom said, "that's okay." And the dinosaur said, "but it's also getting in my eye, and it hurts when the shampoo is in my eye." And the dinosaur mama said, "It's okay, dinosaur. I'm going to get some of the shampoo out of your dinosaur eye." And the dinosaur mama started to put some water in the dinosaur eye. And the little baby dinosaur said, "Mama, Mama, that's not helping. My eye still hurts." And the dinosaur mama got a little towel and rubbed off the little dinosaur's eye. When the little dinosaur opened his eye, do you know who he saw? The little dinosaur saw Arlo. And the little dinosaur said, "Arlo, were you the one that was putting shampoo in my hair?" And Arlo said that he wasn't, that it was really the dinosaur's mom. And the dinosaur asked Arlo if Arlo wanted to go in the ocean bath with them. And Arlo said it was a little bit too deep. And the dinosaur showed Arlo that he had some rubber duckies and little boats to play with in the bath. Arlo asked the dinosaurs if they were almost ready to go out of the bath because he wanted to see the monster jam again. And the dinosaurs said, "okay." And so the little baby dinosaur stopped crying, and he got out of the bath, and the other dinosaurs did too.

And the dinosaur moms and the dinosaur dads didn't give the dinosaurs regular people towels, because dinosaurs are bigger, and they need towels that are even bigger than a blanket. Dinosaurs need towels as big as a whole house. Dinosaurs need towels that are as big as a whole house on top of an elephant, plus a giraffe with a whale. That's how big a dinosaur towel is. And the dinosaur moms and the dinosaur dads wrapped up the little wet baby dinosaurs so snugly because they were done with their bath. And after they got out of the bath, they went back with Arlo to the monster truck rally. And the monster trucks were going up and down big hills, and their big monster truck wheels were turning, when suddenly one of the monster trucks came up to Arlo and said, "Arlo, do you want to drive in this?" And Arlo said, "okay." They could crash. And then Arlo said, "okay, I would, but I don't think it's so safe because a monster truck could crash." And the monster truck said, "okay." And just as he said that, a race car came. And the race car had bumpers, and it had a big balloon all around it, so that if it crashed, it wouldn't be a big accident. The balloon would just pop. So Arlo decided to drive the balloon race car under the ground, and he had a lot of fun. And all of the dinosaurs tried to run around with him, but Arlo was the fastest.

Arlo was getting tired because he had a really fun day under the ground with the monster trucks, the race car, and the dinosaurs. So Arlo climbed out of the pipe under the with his parents, and he went back home. And Arlo and his family lived happily ever after. The end.