Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Lena. Lena was going on a special paddle boat adventure with her parents. They were floating on a lake and feeding the ducks. Lena would throw little pieces of food at the ducks, and the ducks would follow the boat, quacking happily.

Lena noticed something special happening in the middle of the lake. There were big bubbles in the colors of red, green, blue, orange, and even a multicolored one with many colors! The bubbles were getting bigger and bigger, coming from the bottom of the lake and going to the top. Lena pointed out the bubbles to her parents, and her mom said, "Wow, that's amazing!"

Just then, Lena saw a mermaid coming out of one of the bubbles from the lake. The mermaid swam out of the bubble and went right for Lena and her parents in their paddleboat. The mermaid was so nice and beautiful. She told Lena that since it was her birthday recently, she was going to get some magic powers. Lena asked, "What kind of magic powers?" The mermaid said that Lena could have a birthday every day of the week. All she had to do was look into the mermaid's eyes.

So Lena looked into the mermaid's eyes, and the mermaid blinked. It looked like a blue tear came out of the mermaid's eye, but it was actually a gem. Lena picked up the gem, and she felt like she had a special birthday party. The bubbles in the lake went away, and Lena told her parents they should park the boat on the dock, get out of the boat, and drive to the middle of the city in Little Elm, Texas. Lena's parents agreed it was a good idea.

They drove to the center of town, where there were many banners and birthday party decorations. They were so colorful and had Lena's name on them, saying "Birthday party." As Lena and her parents drove through the streets, they saw a whole parade starting. The parade had big bounce houses, a pretend giraffe with people walking in the legs, and a slide. There were people with whistles, marching, and some even had cotton candy. They all shouted, "Birthday girl, birthday girl!"

Everyone knew that because Lena got the gem from the mermaid, it was always going to be her birthday, and they wanted to celebrate with her. Lena told the parade they were going to have a tea party and a picnic. The kids agreed, and Lena discovered she had another power: if she looked at something very hard and concentrated, she could make it move a little bit. The mermaid had told her this made her a "bongump," and there were only 17 bongumps in the world.

Lena told the kids she would make cookies float to their plates and give them pretend tea with yummy sugar. She also used her power to make the bounce house and the parade float in the air a little bit. Everyone was so happy.

Lena decided it was time to let some balloons go in the sky. A kid asked, "But aren't you worried the balloons might litter somewhere else?" Lena said she wasn't worried because she could still move the balloons by concentrating. She made the balloons do a special dance in the sky, looking like birds flapping around the clouds above the picnic. The kids thought it was so funny.

Soon, Lena wanted the balloons to go back to the parade. She made them follow a line, like a roller coaster going down the sky in little loops, until they reached Little Elm, Texas. Every kid at the parade got a balloon. Lena also made roses float in the air and gave them to the kids. She told them the roses were special, and if they planted them, they would grow into two roses. All the kids were so happy, and Lena had a wonderful birthday party. Everyone told her they were happy to celebrate with her.

Lena and her family lived happily ever after. The end.