My name is Olivia. Welcome to make the stories tell y'all your friends. Hello. My name is Lena. I'm from Lidoram, Texas. I'm five and a half, and my boss stays on July 4. And I like a story that includes banners, a tea party, and a rose. Thank. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Lena who lives in Little Elm, Texas, and who turned five years old about a week ago on July 4. And so we want to say happy birthday, Lena. And Lena asked for us to make up a story that includes banners like birthday party decorations and a tea party, and also a rose. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Lena. Lena was going with her parents in a special paddle boat, and they were using the paddle boat to go float on a lake and also to feed the ducks. And Lena would throw little pieces of food at the ducks, and the ducks would follow the boat, and they would say, quack. Well, Lena could tell that in middle of the lake something special was happening because there were big bubbles that were the colors of red and green and blue and orange and there was a multicolored one that had so. Many colors, and the bubbles were getting bigger and bigger, and they were coming from the bottom of the lake, and they were going to the top. Lena pointed out the bubbles to her parents, and Lena's mom said, wow, that's amazing. And just as she said that, lena saw that there was a mermaid that was coming out of one of the bubbles that was coming from the lake. And the mermaid started swimming out of the bubble and went right for Lena and her parents in their paddleboat. And the mermaid was so nice, and it was such a beautiful mermaid. And the mermaid came up to Lena, and she told Lena that because it was her birthday recently, she was going to get some magic powers. And Lena asked, what kind of magic powers? And the mermaid said that Lena was going to have another birthday. And her magic power was that she could get a birthday every day of the week. And all she had to do was look into the mermaid's eyes. So Lena looked into the mermaid's eyes, and then the mermaid blinked, and it looks like kind of a blue tear came out of the mermaid's eye. But it wasn't really a tear. It was a gem. And the gem fell down, and Lena picked it up. And just as she picked it up, she felt like she had special birthday party. The bubbles in the lake went away, and Lena told her parents that they should park the boat on the dock and that they should get out of the boat and they should go in their car and they should go to the middle of the city in Little Elm, Texas. And Lena's parents said that that was a good idea. So they drove the car all the way to the center of town. And when they got to the center of town, there were so many banners in the streets. There were birthday party decorations, and they were so colorful, and they said Lena's name, and it also said Birthday party. And as Lena and her parents were driving through the streets, lena saw that there was a whole parade that was starting. And the parade had big bounce houses in it, and it had a big pretend giraffe that really had people walking in the legs. And the parade also had a slide, and there were so many people with whistles and people were marching, and some of them even had cotton candy, and all of them were shouting, birthday girl, birthday girl. Because everyone knew that because Lena got that gem from the mermaid in the lake that it was always going to be Lena's birthday and everyone wanted to celebrate with her. So Lena told the parade that they were going to have a tea party and that all of the kids in the parade could stop and have a picnic. So the kid said, okay. And then Lima used her different power because she realized that if she looked at something very hard and really concentrated and focused on the thing she was looking at, then sometimes she could make it move a little bit. Other people didn't really know how to do that, but the mermaid told her that if you know how to look at something hard and then make it move, when you look at it, you could say that you're a bongump. And there were only 17 bongumps in the world, and the mermaid was one of them. Walena was also one of the bongumps, and she was able to move things with her eyes. And so she told all of the kids that she was going to make cookies float over their picnic blankets all the way to their plates. And then they got some pretend tea, which really had some yummy sugar in it. And all of the kids got to have the pretend tea for Lena's birthday party. And Lena also decided that she would use her power to make things move by just looking at them, to make the whole bounce house and the whole parade float in the air a little bit. And everyone thought that Lena was doing a really good job using her powers, and everyone was so happy. So Lena told them it was going to be time to let some balloons go in the sky. And one of the kids asked Lena, but aren't you worried that the balloons might litter somewhere else? And Lena told them that she wasn't worried, because when the kids let the balloons go and they started to go up into the sky past some of the clouds, lena could still move the balloons by looking at them and by concentrating and by focusing. And Selena made the balloons do a special kind of dance in the sky. And the balloons looked like they were birds flapping about around the clouds on top of the picnic. And all of the kids thought that that was so funny. But soon Lena decided she wanted the balloons to go back to the parade. So she looked at the balloons and she made them follow a line, kind of like a roller coaster going down the sky in little loops, until finally the balloons got back to Little Elm, Texas, and the balloons went to all of the kids. And every kid who attended the parade got to have their own balloon. And also, Lena decided that she would make a lot of flowers like roses go up, because then she could give them to all of the kids. So she looked at some roses and they started floating in the air, and they went to different kids hands. And Lena told all of the kids that the roses were a special kind of rose and if you planted them, then it would grow into two roses. And all of the kids were so happy, and Lena was having a very good birthday party, and everyone told Lena that they were so happy to celebrate her birthday party with her. And Lena and her family lived happily ever after. The end.