Once upon a time, there was a magical kingdom ruled by King Jonah, a six-year-old king. In this faraway kingdom, all the kids wore pajamas, houses floated on balloons, and there was a giant candy factory built into a hollowed-out mountain.

One day, King Jonah went outside of his castle to practice for a gymnastics competition. In his kingdom, all the kids were allowed to do gymnastics without going to special classes. Whenever a kid wanted to learn a new gymnastics trick, they just had to press a button, and a robot would come falling from the sky. The robot would go right next to the kid, and the kid would tell the robot the trick they wanted to learn. The robot would then touch the kid's head very gently, and when the kid opened their eyes, they would know how to do the trick!

This was a great way for all the kids in King Jonah's kingdom to learn different gymnastics tricks like handstands, somersaults, and all sorts of fun things. People from all over the world wanted to be the best in gymnastics and compete in the Olympics, so they would visit King Jonah's kingdom to learn from the robots.

One day, King Jonah announced the biggest gymnastics competition in the world, where all the kids could show off the best tricks they learned from the robots. There were big crowds, hot dog stands, cotton candy, a Ferris wheel, bounce houses, and lots of fun games for kids to play.

As everyone was getting ready to celebrate the gymnastics event, suddenly, King Jonah saw big snakes coming from under the ground. These snakes had balloon-shaped heads and could float in the air using their helium balloon power. Some kids in King Jonah's kingdom were afraid of the snakes, who told King Jonah they wanted to take over his kingdom and take all the candy from the candy factory.

King Jonah said that wasn't allowed and asked the snakes to go away. But the head snake refused and insisted on taking the candy. That's when Babalu, the head of King Jonah's army, knocked the snake away with his shield. However, the snake just floated farther away using its helium balloon power, and more snakes started to come. The kids in King Jonah's kingdom had to use their gymnastics tricks to get away from the snakes.

King Jonah realized some snakes were already sneaking into the candy factory, so Babalu told him that their bear army wasn't strong enough to defend the kingdom. King Jonah asked Babalu to help all the kids get back to the castle where they would be safe. The kids used their gymnastics tricks to get back to the castle, and once they were safe, they saw reindeer in the sky carrying lions. These lions were friends of King Jonah, and they had come to help save the kingdom from the snakes.

The king of the lions told King Jonah that they would help get rid of the snakes because King Jonah had been kind to them before. The lions and the bear army worked together to trap the snakes in a big net. King Jonah asked the head snake why they wanted to steal their candy, and the snake explained that their kingdom was suffering from a famine, and they had no candy or way to get any.

King Jonah felt bad for the snakes and offered to share some KitKats with them if they agreed not to attack again and be friends instead. The head snake agreed, and Babalu brought a big bag of KitKats for the snakes. They took away the snakes' helium balloons and closed the holes they had come through, but they wished the snakes a happy life with their KitKats.

King Jonah and the lion king lived happily ever after in their magical kingdom. The end.