Once upon a time, my name is Harris. Makeup stories, the best podcast ever. Bye. Tell your friends. Tell friends. Tonight's makeup story is about King Jonah and his magical kingdom. King Jonah was a six-year-old king who was in charge of a faraway kingdom. There, all of the kids wore pajamas, where houses floated on balloons, and where there was a giant candy factory built into a hollowed-out mountain.

One day, King Jonah was going outside of his castle to practice for a gymnastics competition. In King Jonah's kingdom, all of the kids were allowed to do gymnastics. They didn't have to go to special gymnastics class because whenever a kid wanted to learn a new gymnastics trick, all they had to do was press a button, and a robot would come falling from the sky. The robot would go right next to the kid, and the kid would tell the robot the trick that he wanted to learn. So the kid might say, "I want to learn how to do a cartwheel." And then the robot would say, "Okay, you want to learn how to do a cartwheel?" And then the robot would take its robot hand, and it would put its robot hand on top of the kid's head and tell the kid to close his eyes. And then the robot would touch his head very gently. And then when the kid opened his eyes, do you know what happened? The kid would know how to do the cartwheel.

It was a good way for all of the kids in King Jonah's kingdom to learn different kinds of gymnastics tricks, like handstands and somersaults and all sorts of fun things, because they didn't have to practice so hard. All they had to do was get one of those robots to fall from the sky, and the robot would tell the kid how to do the trick, and it would just put its hand on the kid's head, and then the kid would know after the kid opened his eyes. There were so many people across the whole world that wanted to be the best in gymnastics to compete in the Olympics, and the only way they could do it was to visit King Jonah's kingdom and to get one of those robots to touch their heads, to teach them all of the cool tricks.

Well, one day, King Jonah told everybody, "It's time for the biggest gymnastics competition in the world, where all of the kids in the whole world got to test out the best tricks that they learned from robots and see what they could do." And so there were big crowds, and there were hot dog stands, and there was cotton candy and a Ferris wheel. There were bounce houses, and there were all sorts of fun games, and you could throw balls into hoops, and you could do some pretend water gun shooting. And there were lots of different things that kids could do for fun.

And so, as everybody was getting ready to celebrate the gymnastics event of the century, suddenly King Jonah saw that there were big snakes, and the snakes were coming from under the ground. And the snakes didn't look like regular snakes because the snakes had balloon-shaped heads, and the snakes were able to float out of the ground and use their helium balloon power to float in the air. Well, some of the kids in King Jonah's kingdom were afraid of the snakes. And the snakes told King Jonah that they needed to take over his kingdom because they wanted all of the candy in the candy factory. And King Jonah immediately said, "That's not allowed. This is my kingdom, and you're scaring some of the kids. You have to go away." And the snake that was in charge of all of the snakes that was on a helium balloon said to King Jonah, "No, we need to take all of your candy." And King Jonah told the snake, "That's not good sharing." And suddenly Babalu, the head of King Jonah's army, went right up to the king's snake and with Babalu's shield knocked the snake away. But when the snake got knocked away, it just used its helium balloon power to float farther away. And then more snakes and more snakes started to come. And snakes went in the bounce houses and snakes went in the Ferris wheel. And all of the kids in King Jonah's kingdom had to use all of their gymnastics tricks to do flips to get away and cartwheels to get away. And all of the kids were doing a good job getting away. And some of the kids weren't even scared. But more snakes kept coming. And that's when King Jonah realized that there were some snakes who were already sneaking a tunnel into the candy factory, and they weren't allowed to go there.

So Babalu told King Jonah that the bear army, the stuffy army, wasn't going to be strong enough to defend the kingdom. And King Jonah said, "Uh-oh, what should we do?" And Babalu said, "I don't know." King Jonah told Babalu to help all of the kids get back past the moat into the castle where they will be safe. And all of the kids did some sick tricks and jumps and cartwheels and vaults to get all the way back to the castle where they were so safe from the snakes that were on helium balloons. And when they were in the castle, suddenly King Jonah saw the sight of some reindeer in the sky. And the reindeer in the sky had lions on them. And it was the lion costume people that King Jonah had made friends with a time before. And the lion costume people were flying in on the reindeer. And King Jonah saw that the lion costume people landed right in his castle again. And King Jonah went out and greeted the lion, the lion costume people, and the lion costume people said, "We heard that they were being invaded by some snakes on helium balloons." And King Jonah said that the snakes on helium balloons made everyone go in the castle and that they wanted to take all of the candy. And the lion king said one of the mermaids had swum from the blue lagoon all the way to the lion kingdom to tell the lions to come, to help and to save King Jonah's kingdom.

And the king lion, who was in the lion costume, said to King Jonah that because King Jonah was so nice and gave all of the lions KitKats before, the king lion would use his tricks to get the snakes to go away. The king lion knew what to do with snakes because in the King lion's kingdom, they had a snake problem a long time ago. And this was the king lion's plan. The king lion told King Jonah to ask Babaloo and all of the other teddy bears to go in a line and to make a big net on the ground right where the gymnastics competition was going to happen. And so Babaloo and all of the teddy bears in the army got together and they carried the biggest net in the world and they spread out over the soccer field where the gymnastics competition was taking place. And all of the teddy bears put the net on the ground. And then the lions told the teddy bears and Babaloo, the general that they were teaming up and the lions rode their reindeer through the air and all of the snakes were trying to get to the candy factory. But do you know what the lions did? The king lions used the antlers, the horns on the reindeer that they were riding, and they popped the helium balloons, and all of the snakes fell into a net, and they all got trapped by the general, Babaloo, and the teddy bears because they were ready to pull the net together. And all of the snakes that came to invade got trapped in the net. King Jonah saw that they were all trapped in the net. And King Jonah went up to them and said, "Why did you come to steal our candy?" And the head snake said that in his kingdom there was a famine and all of the candy factories were broken and all of the bridges were broken and there was no way to get any candy to the snakes. And that's why he decided to take candy from King Jonah. And King Jonah said, "That's still not a good reason to take things that aren't yours." But then King Jonah felt bad because he also wanted the snakes to have a good life because maybe they weren't really mean. Maybe they just love candy so much.

So King Jonah told the king snake that if he agreed not to attack again and instead to be friends, the snake could have some KitKat too. And the king Snake said, "Okay, we can make that deal." And King Jonah told Babalu the General to get some Kit Kat from the candy factory. And Babalu came back with a big bag of KitKat and gave it to the head of the snakes. And Bob Blue said, "We're taking away your helium balloons so you can't try to do that again. And we're going to clog all the holes so you can't come back here again. But you could have the Kit Kat, and we hope that you have happy snake lives." And King Jonah and the lion costume king lived happily ever after. The end.