Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse went to school together, and the principal of the school told them that they were going on a field trip. Soon enough, they got their backpacks, and they went with their friends on a big, long, yellow school bus. Jonah and Jesse got to sit together, and they started to talk, and they wondered where they were going. The bus ride was very long. They must have been on the bus for like an hour and a half, and they could see so many things outside of the bus window, like different cars and trees and the side of the road. But inside the bus, some of their friends from school weren't behaving. 

Finally, the bus arrived at its destination. The bus driver said, "We're here." And the bus stopped, and the bus driver opened the door, and then all of the kids, including Jesse and Jonah, went out of the bus. They were on a field trip. And the field trip today was to explore new types of plants. Most types of plants people know about, but there are some types of plants that people don't really know about yet because they haven't been discovered. And Jonah and Jesse's class was going around the woods to see if they could find new kinds of plants, and Jesse was the first to spot it. 

At first, it looked like a butterfly, but the wings weren't flapping up and down like a butterfly. Instead, the wings would go round and round, kind of like the bottom of a screw where it goes, like, around in a spiral, and the wings would flap up and down in a spiral, and then it would go back on the ground, and it would attach itself. And when it went back on the ground, you could tell that it was really a plant, and its roots would go in the ground. And then when you weren't looking, the plant would go back up in the air again, and the white wings would flap about in this corkscrew pattern, going all around and around, and the roots would come out of the ground, too. And not only could the plant fly, but it could also kind of walk around. 

And Jesse said, "Quick, everybody follow that plant. That's the new plant we're looking for." And Jonah said, "He's right." And soon the teacher and all of the kids started following Jesse and Jonah, as Jesse and Jonah led them through the forest, chasing the plant that had the white butterfly wings that looked like circles in the shape of a screw. And the plant was going crawling around the forest ground using its roots. 

Finally, Jesse caught up with the plant. He said, "There it is." And he pointed to the edge of a pond. And Jonah looked and he saw that it was there too. At first, the plant tried to fly away and it went higher and higher. But when it got really high, there was a bird that saw it. And the plant must have been afraid of the bird. And the plant went back down on the ground. That's where Jesse was waiting. Jesse caught the plant with his arms. And the second Jesse touched the plant, he turned into a duck. 

And then all of the kids started to laugh and they said, "Look, that's a duck. That's a duck. That's a duck. And that used to be Jesse." And that made Jesse feel sad because he didn't want the kids to point and to laugh at him. And Jonah said, "Oh, no." And Jonah was kind of trying to protect Jesse and he picked Jesse the duck up. And when Jonah picked up Jesse the duck, Jonah turned into a duck as well. And Jonah and Jesse were two ducks and all of their friends were around there. And the teacher said, "Everyone, don't worry. Don't worry. I'll just take those ducks with us in the bus and then we'll go back to school. And I bet in the bus they'll turn back to people." 

And the teacher went and she scooped up Jonah and Jesse. And right when she did, the teacher turned into a duck. And then Jonah and Jesse saw that the teacher was a duck and they were all quacking at each other. And they decided that they, as ducks, would start moving towards the bus because they were hoping to just get away from that middle of the forest. So Jonah and Jesse and the teacher duck started quack quacking as they waddled through the forest. And all of the kids that were in Jonah and Jesse's school followed. 

But as Jonah and Jesse and the teacher were going, they could kind of feel something that was tugging against their duck feet and it was part of the roots from the plant that they touched. The roots were getting long and stretchy, kind of like rubber bands. But the farther that Jonah and Jesse and the teacher duck went, the more it hurt their foot and it was pulling them back. Finally, when they got right to the bus, the rubber band route pulled them all the way back into the forest. And Jonah and Jesse and the teacher duck were alone in the forest and the kids from their school were waiting by the bus. 

And that's when Jesse duck had an idea. He said "idea." And Jonah said, "Quack. Quack." And the teacher said, "No, Jonah, don't quack. We have to talk to each other like people, even though we're ducks, because that's the only way we'll figure out how to get out of this." And Jonah said, "Okay, Jesse, what's your idea?" And Jesse said his idea is to instead of eating the roots of the plant. And instead of doing that, he said that they would get a little bit of water from the pond and they would pick up the water in their mouth in their duck mouths, and they would put the water on the root. And Jonah said, "Oh, because maybe if we're nice to the plant, then it'll turn us back into people." And the teacher said that was a good idea. 

So Jonah and Jesse and the teacher all sipped up a little bit of water from the pond and they waddled back, using their ducky legs to the forest where the plant was, and they all poured a little bit of water on the plant's roots. Well, sure enough, the plant got big again, and the plant started to go in the air. And when the plant fell down, Jonah and Jesse and also their teacher turned back into people. And Jesse said, "Yay, we're people." And the teacher said, "But guys, we still have to figure out how to take the plant with us or else nobody will believe that you even found this new kind of plant." 

And Jesse said that he didn't want to touch it because he didn't want the plant to make him a duck again. And Jonah said, "Well, maybe we could get, like, the bird to take the plant because the bird was interested in the plant while it was flying." And the teacher said, "Maybe that's a good idea because there are kinds of birds that you could train and you could teach them to take things and bring them to places." And so Jonah said, "Sending letters. Yeah, and you could also train birds to send letters to places, but you could teach them other things, too. And the owls are the kind of birds that send all of the messages. And there are various kinds of birds that could send messages, including homing pigeons. Redtail hawks could be trained, and owls would probably do a really good job at sending spooky letters. I learned that in a movie called Hilly Pots. Oh, wow, that's special." 

And Jonah and Jesse decided that instead of touching the plant and bringing it with them, they would just use the teacher's phone to take a picture of it. And this way everyone would know what it looks like. And the teacher decided that's a good idea. So they used her phone to take a picture of the plant. And Jesse even took a video of how the plant moved. And then they all went back home from their field trip. And when they showed the picture and video, everyone said that they were a hero. And Jonah and Jesse and their teacher and everyone in their school lived happily ever after. The end.