Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old girl named Lola. Lola was very lucky because it snowed outside her house many times. Lola had a sled, and she knew how to use it to glide through the snow. Often, Lola's friends wanted to go with her. But today, Lola went with her mom on a sled ride, and they discovered a stream near their house. If they followed the stream on their sled, they would soon reach a troll bridge. Lola asked her mom if she could hold her hand when they crossed the troll bridge. Lola and her mom held hands and carried the sled as they went over the troll bridge.

When they reached the other side of the troll bridge, Lola saw something extraordinary. You might not know this, but paper comes from trees. Lola and her mom found trees made of paper on the other side of the troll bridge. All the trees had branches and leaves made of paper. Some trees were very tall, and some were bushes with little leaves and branches made of paper. Everything in this paper forest was made of paper, and all the paper was on top of piles of snow because it was snowing that day.

Lola asked her mom if they could play for a little bit in the giant origami forest. The forest was called an origami forest because there were special birds made of paper that flew around. These birds were cranes with long necks and big wings. They didn't fly like paper airplanes; they flapped their wings like real birds. The first time Lola saw them, she thought they could be giraffe birds.

One of the origami cranes came up to Lola and said, "Lola, thanks for coming to the snowy origami forest. Would you and your mom like to play?" Lola said yes, and the origami crane asked if they wanted to play when the fire fairy arrived. Lola said, "Oh, I didn't know the fire fairy was coming today." The origami crane whistled to its friends, and all the other origami cranes started to tweet. They all decided to have fun with the fire fairy.

Soon enough, a fire fairy arrived. The fire fairy was sleeping next to a puddle. Fire fairies are so strong and magical that even if they go in water, they can still survive. The fire fairy that came to Lola lived right next to a pond. The fire fairy flew through the origami paper forest, where all the trees, bushes, and rocks were made of paper.

The fire fairy asked Lola, "Are you ready to see some fireworks?" Lola said, "Yeah." Lola's mom said, "Oh, that would be fun to watch." The fire fairy said, "Get ready." Lola said she was ready. The fire fairy flapped her wings and shot fireworks out of her wings and even her eyes. Fire fairies can make the best fireworks, even better than those in movies or Disneyland. They can create any shape kids want, like rainbow-shaped, unicorn-shaped, or race car-shaped fireworks.

The fire fairy showed Lola and her mom a special fireworks show above the origami forest. They were having a fun time when the fire fairy asked if they wanted to go back to the lake and spend some time there. Lola agreed, and they walked past paper rocks, a paper trail, paper bushes, and paper trees. They saw paper leaves on the ground as they walked through the forest until they reached the fire fairy's pond.

At the pond, they saw a frog hiding under a leaf and a duck being fed bread by a mermaid sitting on the dock. The mermaid was sharing well. Next to the mermaid, Lola noticed a selkie, a seal that can turn into a person and a person that can turn into a seal. At first, Lola thought it was just a seal, but then she saw its human eyes. The selkie wasn't feeding the ducks but was putting breadcrumbs on the ground for the origami birds. The paper birds flapped their wings and ate the bread the selkie gave them. Lola told her mom she was having a lot of fun in the special origami forest. But the fire fairy saw it was getting late and that Lola needed to go back home.

So Lola said goodbye to all her friends and went home with her mom. Lola and her family lived happily ever after. The end.