Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old girl whose name was Lola. Lola was very lucky because it used to snow outside of her house so many times. Lola had a sled, and she knew how to use the sled and to go, we in the snow. A lot of times, Lola's friends wanted to go with her. But today, Lola went with her mom on a sled ride, and she and her mom found that there was a stream that was next to her house and that if they followed that stream on the sled, then soon enough, they would come to a troll bridge. Lola asked her mom if she could hold her hand when they went over the troll bridge. Lola and her mom held hands, and they carried the sled as they went over the troll bridge.

When they got to the other side of the troll bridge, Lola saw something which was really special. I don't know if you know this, but paper actually comes from trees. It comes from woods, it comes from wood. Lola and her mom found trees that were growing out of paper on the other side of the troll bridge. All of the trees were made out of paper, and the trees were paper that had branches made of paper, and there were leaves that were made out of paper. Some of the trees were really tall, and they were paper tall, and some of them were actually bushes, and there were bushes made out of paper that was folded in certain shapes, and the bushes had little leaves and little branches that were made out of paper. Everything in that paper forest was made out of paper, and all of the paper was on top of piles of snow because it was really snowing that day.

Lola asked her mom if they could play for a little bit in the giant origami forest. The forest was called an origami forest because there were certain types of birds that used to fly around the forest, and the birds were also made out of paper. The birds were cranes, and they had long necks just like some birds that go to the sea. They had big long wings, and the whole bird was made out of paper, but could really fly. They didn't fly like a paper airplane flies. These cranes, as they were called, flew by flapping their wings like a real bird. They had such long necks, the cranes that were made out of paper, that the first time Lola saw them, she thought it could even be a giraffe bird.

One of the crane, the origami crane birds came up to Lola and said, "Lola, thanks for coming into the snowy origami forest. I wanted to know if you and your mom wanted to play." Lola said that, yes, they were going to play. The origami crane said, "Do you want to play when the fire fairy comes?" Lola said, "Oh, I didn't know the fire fairy was coming today." The origami crane whistled to all of its friends, and suddenly, all of the other origami cranes started to tweet, tweet, tweet. They all decided that they were going to have fun with the fire fairy.

Soon enough, a fire fairy arrived. The fire fairy was sleeping right next to a puddle. Fire fairies are so strong and they have such magical power that even if they go in water, they could still survive. Unless it's so much water that the fire fairy is like in a waterfall. Then if a fire fairy is in like a waterfall, then because the fire fairy is made of fire, the fire fairy would have to get out of the waterfall or call for help from an umbrella superhero. The umbrella superhero could put an umbrella on top of the waterfall so the fire fairy wouldn't get too wet. Anyway, the fire fairy that came to Lola lived right next to a pond. The fire fairy flew through the origami paper forest, where all of the trees were made of paper, and all of the bushes were made of paper, and all of the rocks in the forest were made of paper.

The fire fairy said to Lola, "Are you ready to see some fireworks?" Lola said, "Yeah." Lola's mom said, "Oh, that would be fun to watch." The fire fairy said, "Get ready." Lola said that she's ready. The fire fairy said, "Okay." She flapped her wings, and she had some fireworks that she shot out of her wings and even her eyes. Fire fairies could make the best kinds of fireworks, even better than fireworks in, like, a movie or in Disneyland or Disney World. The kind of fireworks that a good fire fairy could make go all the way up to the moon. They could be in any shape kids want, like rainbow-shaped fireworks, unicorn-shaped fireworks, or even race car-shaped fireworks. Fire fairies are really good at making fireworks.

The fire fairy showed Lola and Lola's mom some really special fireworks shows on top of the Origami forest. Lola and her mom were having a fun time looking through the Origami forest when suddenly the fire fairy asked them if they wanted to go back to the lake and spend some time there. Lola said, "Okay." So Lola and her mom remembered the fireworks show. They walked past some rocks that were made out of paper and a paper trail and past all of the paper bushes and the paper trees, and they saw some paper leaves on the ground. They walked all the way through the forest until they got to the fire fairy's pond.

When they got to the fire fairy's pond, they saw that there was a froggy. The froggy was hiding right under a leaf that was next to the pond. They also saw that there was a duck. It looked like there was a mermaid sitting down on the dock feeding the duck some bread. The mermaid would throw in little pieces of bread, and the duckies would say, "Quack, quack, quack." They would try to eat the bread that the mermaid was throwing them. The mermaid was doing good sharing well. Right next to the mermaid, Lola also noticed that there was a selkie. A selkie is a seal that can turn into a person and it hangs out with mermaids underwater. They have adventures together. A selkie is a person that can turn into a seal and a seal that could turn into a person.

At first, Lola thought it was a seal, but then she looked into the selkie's eyes and she saw that it had human eyes. The selkie wasn't feeding the duckies, but the selkie was putting out little breadcrumbs on the ground for the origami birds. The origami birds were the paper birds that flapped their wings, and they were eating some little pieces of bread that the selkie was feeding them. Lola told her mom that she was having a lot of fun in the special Origami forest. But the fire fairy looked up and she saw that it was getting late and that Lola needed to go back home.

So Lola told all of her friends goodbye, and she went home with her mom. Lola and her family lived happily ever after. The end.