Welcome to made up stories. This is Philip from London. Hi, my name is Lola. I live in Portland, Maine. I'm five and three quarters. Please, can I have a story about a fire ferry, a silky, and an a live origami crane? Bye. Thank you. I love your stories. Bye. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old girl whose name is Lola and who lives in Portland, Maine. Lola is turning six on January 30, and so we wanted to say, happy birthday, Lola. Happy birthday, Lola. And Lola asks for us to make up a story that includes a fire fairy, a silky, which is a seal that turns into a person, and an alive origami crane. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old girl whose name was Lola. And Lola was very lucky because it used to snow outside of her house so many times. And lola had a sled, and she knew how to use the sled and to go, we in the snow. And a lot of times, Lola's friends wanted to go with her. But today, Lola went with her mom on a sled ride, and she and her mom found that there was a stream that was next to her house and that if they followed that stream on the sled, then soon enough, they would come to a troll bridge. And Lola asked her mom if she could hold her hand when they went over the troll bridge. And Lola and her mom held hands, and they carried the sled as they went over the troll bridge. When they got to the other side of the troll bridge, lola saw something which was really special. I don't know if you know this, but paper actually comes from trees. It comes from woods, it comes from wood. And the thing that Lola and her mom found on the other side of the troll bridge were trees that were growing out of paper. All of the trees were made out of paper, and the trees were paper that had like there were branches made of paper, and there were leaves that were made out of paper. And some of the trees were really tall, and they were paper tall, and some of them were actually bushes, and there were bushes made out of paper that was folded in certain shapes, and the bushes had little leaves and little branches that was made out of paper. And everything in that paper forest was made out of paper. And all of the paper was on top of piles of snow because it was really snowing that day. And so Lola asked her mom if they could play for a little bit in the giant origami forest. The forest was called an origami forest because there were certain types of birds that used to fly around the forest, and the birds were also made out of paper. The birds were cranes, and they had long necks just like some birds that go to the sea. And they had big long wings, and the whole bird was made out of paper, but could really fly. And it didn't fly like a paper airplane flies. These cranes, as they were called, flew by, flapping their wings like a real bird. And they had such long necks, the cranes that were made out of paper, that the first time Lola saw them, she thought it could even be a giraffe bird. Well, one of the crane, the origami crane birds came up to Lola and said, lola, thanks for coming into the snowy origami forest. I wanted to know if you and your mom wanted to play. And Lola said that, yes, they were going to play. And so the origami crane said, do you want to play when the fire fairy comes? And Lola said, oh, I didn't know the fire fairy was coming today. And the origami crane whistled to all of its friends and said and suddenly, all of the other origami cranes started to tweet, tweet, tweet. And they all decided that they were going to have fun with the fire fairy. Soon enough, a fire fairy arrived. The fire fairy was sleeping right next to a puddle. And that's kind of silly, because usually fire puts out puddles, put out rain, and like a pond could put out a fire ferry. But fire fairies are so strong and they have such magical power that even if they go in water, they could still survive. Unless it's so much water that the fire fairy is like in a waterfall. And then if a fire ferry is in like a waterfall, then because the fire ferry is made of fire, the fire fairy would have to get out of the waterfall or call for help from an umbrella superhero. And the umbrella superhero could put an umbrella on top of the waterfall so the fire ferry wouldn't get too wet. Anyway, the fire ferry that came to Lola lived right next to a pond. And the fire ferry flew through the origami paper forest, where all of the trees were made of paper, and all of the bushes were made of paper, and all of the rocks in the forest were made of paper. And the fire fairy said to Lola, are you ready to see some fireworks? And Lola said, yeah. And Lola's mom said, oh, that would be fun to watch. And so the fire fairy said, get ready. And Lola said that she's ready. And the fire fairy said, okay. And she flapped her wings. And do you know what happened and came out of her wings? What? She had some fireworks that she shot out of her wings and even her eyes. Fire fairies could make the best kinds of fireworks, even better than fireworks in, like, a movie or in Disneyland or Disney world, the kind of fireworks that a good fire fairy could make go all the way up to the moon. And they could be in any shape kids want. Like they can make rainbow shaped fireworks, and they could make fireworks in the shape of a unicorn. They could even make race car shaped fireworks. Fire fairies are really good at making fireworks. And so the fire fairy showed Lola and Lola's mom some really special fireworks shows on top of the Origami forest. And Lola and her mom were having a fun time looking through the Origami forest when suddenly the fire fairy asked them if they wanted to go back to the lake and spend some time there. And Lola said, okay. So Lola and her mom remembered the fireworks show. And they walked past some rocks that were made out of paper and a paper trail and past all of the paper bushes and the paper trees, and they saw some paper leaves on the ground. And they walked all the way through the forest until they got to the fire fairies pond. When they got to the fire fairy's pond, they saw that there was a froggy. And the froggy was hiding right under a leaf that was next to the pond. And they also saw that there was a duck. And it looked like there was a mermaid sitting down on the dock feeding the duck some bread. And the mermaid would throw in little pieces of bread, and the duckies would say, quack, quack, quack. And they would try to eat the bread that the mermaid was throwing them. And the mermaid was doing good sharing well, right next to the mermaid. Lola also noticed that there was a silky. A selkie is a seal that can turn into a person and it hangs out with mermaids underwater. They have adventures together. And a selkie is a person that can turn into a seal and a seal that could turn into a person. And there was one of those that first Lola thought it was a seal, but then she looked into the Sulky's eyes and she saw that it was person eyes. And the Sulky wasn't feeding the duckies, but the Sulky was putting out little breadcrumbs on the ground for the Origami birds. And the origami birds were the paper birds that flapped their wings, and they were eating some little pieces of bread that the Sulky was feeding it. And Lola told her mom that she was having a lot of fun in the special Origami forest. But the fire fairy looked up and she saw that it was getting late and that Lola needed to go back home. So Lola told all of her friends goodbye, and she went home with her mom. And Lola and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson two makeup. Because they like it.