Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Ty. It was morning time, and Ty just got out of bed. He went over to his mama and daddy's bed, and he went to his mama's side, and he said, "Mom, wake up." And Ty's mom got up out of bed. And then Ty said, "Mom, can you give me some cereal, because I want to eat special cereal." And Ty's mom got Ty a bowl and some milk and also some special cereal. It was called Lucky Tom. The special cereal was in a box that looked kind of shiny. The box wasn't a regular box shape because it had a pipe going through it, and you could see to the other side of the pipe. The box also said it was made in a factory that makes cereal.

Ty's mom started to pour the special cereal with the pipe in it into the bowl of milk that was waiting for Ty. As Ty's mom poured the cereal into the bowl, Ty saw that some colorful sprinkles were also falling into the milk. When Ty moved his spoon around the bowl, he saw that the cereal was made of dinosaur eggs. Now, when chickens lay eggs, the way for those eggs to hatch is the chicken has to sit on them to keep warm. But dinosaur eggs are different. In the olden days, when there were dinosaurs, the way that dinosaur eggs would hatch is the mama dinosaur would put the dinosaur egg into some milk. And when the dinosaur egg goes into the milk, then the egg hatches and the dinosaur comes out of the egg. That is why dinosaur mamas put their dinosaur eggs in some milk.

Ty got very lucky because all of the special cereal was being poured into his bowl that had milk. The special cereal was full of dinosaur eggs, so the dinosaur eggs hatched. Ty started spinning them around with his spoon, and he looked into the bowl of cereal, and he saw the little colorful dinosaur eggs spinning about. He asked his mom, "Mom, can I really eat this because it looks like real tiny dinosaur eggs?" And Ty's mom said, "Let's see what happens." Ty picked up a little bit with his spoon, and there were some blue, green, and yellow eggs in a little bit of milk on his spoon. Just as he brought it next to his mouth, the dinosaur eggs hatched. There were three little kinds of dinosaurs on Ty's spoon as it was right next to his nose. One was the tiniest Tyrannosaurus rex ever. A Tyrannosaurus rex usually has big teeth, but this one had tiny teeth. His teeth were as small as sand. There was another dinosaur, a pterodactyl, that was able to fly a little bit. And there was also a brachiosaur, a big dinosaur with a strong head. These three dinosaurs were so little, and they were on Ty's spoon, and they started to talk to Ty. The dinosaurs said, "Ty, are you my mama?" And Ty started to laugh, and he said, "No, I'm not a dinosaur. I'm a person. Silly dinosaurs." The dinosaurs said, "Then why did you put us in milk?" And Ty said, "My mom was pouring cereal in milk. We didn't know it was going to be dinosaur eggs." The dinosaurs looked at Ty's mom, and they said, "Are you my mama?" And Ty's mom said, "No, I'm not your mama, little dinosaurs."

The dinosaurs asked Ty if they could climb out of the spoon they were in and if they could start doing a silly dance on the table. Ty said, "Okay." So Ty put the spoon down on the table. The three tiny dinosaurs climbed out, and there was still more cereal in the bowl, and those eggs didn't hatch yet. The three dinosaurs that came out of the dinosaur eggs that hatched started to do a silly dance on the table, and they started to sing. As they started to sing, all of the other dinosaur eggs hatched. All of the little baby dinosaurs marched out of Ty's cereal bowl, and they started forming a line. They climbed down on the end of the table, on one of the table's legs, and they got down to the floor. The dinosaurs started to go to the secret cabinet in Ty's house where Ty's mom kept the candy. Ty tried to race there, but the dinosaurs got there first. The dinosaurs took out all the candy. Ty said, "Mom, is this okay?" Ty's mom asked the dinosaurs, "Does candy give dinosaurs a tummy ache?" The little dinosaurs said, "No." So they started munching on so much candy.

Suddenly, Ty heard a knock on the door. Ty opened the door, and it was a good witch. The good witch said, "Ty, I think I came to your house last night and I left some special cereal there." Ty said, "Oh, that's where this cereal with the pipe in it came from. A good witch left it." Ty told the good witch that she could go in the house. The good witch said hello to Ty's mom. She looked around, and she saw so many tiny dinosaurs eating so much candy. The dinosaurs were carrying the candy around and doing silly dances. Some of the dinosaurs were pretending to go to sleep in Ty's bed and in Ty's parents' bed.

The three dinosaurs that hatched first turned on a bath and started to have a dinosaur bath. One of them was afraid it might fall into the drain, and one of the flying dinosaurs had to save them from the water by picking them up. The good witch told Ty that she needed to have the dinosaurs go in a special car with her so she could take them back to the secret part of Antarctica where there are still dinosaurs. Ty told his mom that because he couldn't eat this cereal, he wanted some more. Ty's mom said that he could have Cheerios, Lucky Charms, Rice Krispies, and oatmeal. Ty and his parents lived happily ever after. The end.