Welcome to makeup stories. My name's Audrey. Made Up Stories is the best podcast ever. Hello, my name's Ty, and I'm four years old, and I have my birthday February, and I live in a twig, and I want my this story to be about all different kinds of dinosaurs, a good witch, and a party made up out of candy. Thank you. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a boy named Ty, who lives in Newcastle, Australia, and who is turning five years old today, February 6. And so we want to say happy birthday, Ty. Happy birthday. And Ty asked for us to make up a story that includes different kinds of dinosaurs and a good witch and also a party with candy. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Ty. It was the morning time, and Ty just got out of bed. He went over to his mama and daddy's bed, and he went to his mama's side, and he said, mom, wake up. And Ty's mom got up out of bed. And then Ty said, mom, can you give me some cereal, because I want to eat special cereal. And Ty's mom got Ty a bowl and some milk and also some special cereal. Was it called Lucky Tom? And the special cereal was in a box that looked kind of shiny. And the box wasn't a regular box shape because it had a pipe going through it, and you can see to the other side of the pipe. The box also said to a factory that makes it that makes cereal. Well, let's see, bud. And so Ty's mom started to pour the special cereal with the pipe in it into the bowl of milk that was waiting for Ty. And as Ty's mom poured the cereal into the bowl, ty saw that some colorful sprinkles were also falling into the milk. And when Ty moved his spoon around the bowl, he saw that the cereal was made of dinosaur eggs. Now, when chickens lay eggs, the way for those eggs to hatch is the chicken has to sit on them to keep warm. But dinosaur eggs are different. In the olden days, when there were dinosaurs, the way that dinosaur eggs would hatch is the mama dinosaur would put the dinosaur egg into some milk. And when the dinosaur egg goes into the milk, then the egg hatches and the dinosaur comes out of the egg. And that is why dinosaur mamas put their dinosaur eggs in some milk. Well, Ty got very lucky because all of the special cereal was being poured into his bowl that had milk. And the special cereal was full of dinosaur eggs, so the dinosaur let them hatch. Well, Ty started spinning them around with his spoon, and he looked into the bowl of cereal, and he saw the little colorful dinosaur eggs were spinning about. And he asked and he asked his mom, mom, can I really eat this because it looks like real teen sea dinosaur eggs. And Ty's mom said, let's see what happens. And Ty picked up a little bit with his spoon, and there were some blue and green and yellow eggs, and they were in a little bit of milk on his spoon. And just as he brought it next to his mouth, the dinosaur eggs hatched. And there were three little kinds of dinosaurs that were on Ty's spoon as it was right next to his nosy. One was the teensiest Tyrannosaurus rex ever. And a Tyrannosaurus rex usually has big teeth, but this one had teensy weency ENSI teeth. His teeth were just a stack. Yeah, his teeth were like as small as sand. And then there was another dinosaur that was a pterodactyl. Was it able to fly a little bit? And that was able to fly a little bit. And there was also a bronchiosaur, and that was a big dinosaur with a strong head. And those three dinosaurs were so little, and they were on Ty's spoon, and they started to talk to Ty, and the dinosaur said, ty, are you my mama? And Ty started to laugh, and he said, no, I'm not a dinosaur. I'm a person. Silly dinosaurs. And the dinosaurs said, then why did you put us in milk? And Ty said, my mom was pouring cereal in milk. We didn't know it was going to be dinosaur eggs. And the dinosaurs looked at Ty's mom, and they said, are you my mama? And Ty's mama said, no, I'm not your mama, little dinosaurs. This is making me laugh. Yes, because those dinosaurs thought everyone was their mom. And then the dinosaurs asked Ty if they could climb out of the spoon that they were in and if they could start doing a silly dance on the table. And Ty said, okay. So Ty put the spoon down on the table. And the three tiny dinosaurs wasn't the most cereal in the bowl. There was still more cereal in the bowl, and those eggs didn't hatch yet. And then the three dinosaurs that came out of the dinosaur eggs that hatched started to do a silly dance on the table, and they started to sing. And do you know what happened as they started to sing? What? All of the other dinosaur eggs hatched. And then all of the little baby dinosaurs marched out of Ty's cereal bowl, and they started forming, why could I even eat? I don't find it. Yeah. And they all marched out of Ty's cereal bowl, and they started walking on the table, and they first did a big dinosaur dance with all of them, which Ty and his mom thought was so silly because some of the dinosaurs would climb on top of other dinosaurs and do dinosaur jumps. It was really silly. Did one of them jump on top of himself? And one dinosaur went on a ride on a different dinosaur's tail. They were doing lots of silly things. And soon Ty saw that all of the dinosaurs started marching single file, just like ants, because these were little dinosaurs. And they climbed down on the end of the table, on one of the table's legs, and they got down to the floor. And then do you know where the dinosaurs started to go? They started to go to the secret cabinet in Ty's house where Ty's mom kept the candy. Yeah. And Ty tried to race right there, but the dinosaurs got it first. And the dinosaurs took out all the candy. And Ty said, mom, is this okay? And Ty's mom asked the dinosaurs, does candy give dinosaurs a tummy ache? And do you know what the little dinosaurs said? What? No. And so they started munching on so much candy. Did they just take it all into them? They were taking so much. And then suddenly Ty heard a knock knock on the door. And Ty opened up the door and do you know who it was? It was a good witch. And the good witch said, ty, I think I came to your house last night and I left some special cereal there. And Ty said, oh, that's where this cereal with the pipe in it came from. A good witch left it. And Ty told the good witch that she could go in the house. And the good witch said hello to Ty's mom. And she looked around, and do you know what she saw? What? She saw so many teensy tincy dinosaurs eating so much candy. And the dinosaurs were carrying the candy around and doing silly dances. And some of the dinosaurs were pretending to go to sleep in Ty's bed and in Ty's parents bed. Even little candy? Yes. And the three dinosaurs that hatched first, do you know what they did? What? They turned on a bath and they started to have a dinosaur bath. Did they fall into the drain? And then one of them was like, oh no, I might fall into the drain. And then one of the flying dinosaurs had to save them from the water by picking them up. Well, the good witch told Ty that she needed to have the dinosaurs go in a special car with her so she could take them back to the secret part of Antarctica where there are still dinosaurs. And Ty told his mom that because he couldn't eat this cereal, he wanted some more. And Ty's mom said that he could have Cheerios and Lucky Charms and Rice Krispies and oatmeal and awesome. That sounds yummy of it. And Ty and his parents lived happily ever after. The end. Hi. My name is Esna. I'm seven years old and live in Duneigal art. My special fact about magic toys is to open you have to say a password that you find on a treasure hunt. Thanks for listening to Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Say your friends.