Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jesse who was playing with his big brother Jonah on a carpet. Suddenly, the carpet started to grow bigger and bigger until it covered Jonah and Jesse completely. The carpet grew up to the ceiling, and Jonah and Jesse were stuck, not knowing how to get out.

Just then, a spider started crawling in between the strands of the carpet and went right up to Jonah and Jesse, saying, "I am going to capture you." Jonah told Jesse they had to escape because they didn't want to be part of the spider's colony and do whatever the spider said. Jesse asked, "Well, how can we escape?" Jonah realized they needed a trick.

So Jonah told Jesse to follow the spider for now, and the spider led them through the carpet until they reached a really sticky part that seemed like it was made out of glue. The spider told them to lay down in the sticky part, but Jonah whispered to Jesse not to do it. Instead, Jonah pretended his foot was hurting and couldn't lift it up. The spider offered to help, but when it lifted Jonah's foot, Jonah slipped off his shoes and they got stuck on the spider's legs in the glue.

The spider managed to get out of the glue by taking its feet out of Jonah's shoes, but Jesse was waiting behind it. Jesse had a great idea: he took off his shoes, filled them with glue, and threw the glue onto the spider. The spider got stuck in the glue puddle.

Jonah and Jesse were happy to escape the spider, but they still didn't know how to get out of the huge carpet jungle. They decided to tunnel through it, and as they did, they met some talking blue worms. The worms asked how they got there, and Jonah and Jesse explained their story. One of the blue worms said it knew the way out of the carpet jungle.

Jonah and Jesse followed the worm, but they were cautious, thinking it might be tricking them too. The worm led them to a big blue door and told them to knock. Jonah knocked, and the door asked, "Who's there?" Jonah pretended to be someone else, but the door knew their real names. The door said it would only open if they knew the secret password.

Jesse guessed the password was "kitty cat meow meow," but the door made a thunder noise and rain started pouring down, making the carpet wet. The door said it was the wrong password. Jonah guessed another password, but the door said it was the magic word for opening the floor. Suddenly, the floor opened up, and Jonah and Jesse fell underground.

They landed on a big slide and slid down into a sand pit. Jesse started digging and found a treasure box. Inside the box was a doll with a button on its belly. Jesse pressed the button, and the doll said, "Open Sesame," which was the secret password.

Jonah suggested they take the doll back to the blue door and use the password to escape. They didn't know how to get back up, so Jesse stood on Jonah's shoulders and climbed up to the carpet, helping Jonah up afterward. They reached the big blue door, and when it asked for the password, Jonah pressed the doll's belly button. The doll said, "Open Sesame," the door opened, and Jesse and Jonah were able to escape. They lived happily ever after. The end.