Yiddi. Diana welcome to makeup stories. If you want to be on the podcast, go to makeupstrees.com. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Nayo AI tonight's makes up story is a request from my younger son Jesse, who asks for us to make up a story that includes a door that can talk. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse, and Jesse was playing with his brig brother Jonah on a carpet, when suddenly the carpet started to grow, and it grew bigger and bigger until the carpet went all over Jonah and Jesse. And the carpet grew up to the ceiling, and Jonah and Jesse were stuck, and they didn't know how to get out of the carpet. And suddenly as they were stuck, there was a spider that started crawling in between the strands of the carpet, the little pieces of the carpet, and it went right up to Jonah and Jesse and said, I am going to capture you. Jonah told Jesse that they had to escape because they didn't want to be part of the spider's colony and they would have to do whatever the spider said. And Jesse said, well, how can we escape? And Jonah realized that they would have to come up with a trick. So Jonah told Jesse to at first do what the spider said, and the spider told Jonah and Jesse that they should follow the spider. And Jonah and Jesse followed the spider through the carpet until they got to a really sticky part at the end of the carpet that seemed like it was made out of glue. And when they got to that sticky part, the spider said, okay, now I just need you guys to lay down in the gluey sticky part. And Jesse was about to lay down when Jonah whispered in Jesse's ear, don't lay down there. That's the trick. And Jesse said, okay. And Jesse stopped, and he didn't go into the big puddle of glue that the spider was telling him to go into. And instead, what Jonah did is Jonah told the spider that his foot was kind of hurting him and he couldn't lift up his foot. And the spider said, well, I could help you lift up your foot so that you could go into the glue puddle. And Jonah said, okay. And the spider helped lift up Jonah's foot. Jonah smashed the spider. Well, what Jonah did is after the spider lifted up his foot, he took his shoes off, and then he slipped his shoes off, and the shoes went on two of the spider's legs. And then the shoes got stuck in the glue. And the spider at first, the spider thought it was stuck in the glue puddle, but the spider was able to get out by taking its little spider feet out of Jonah's shoes. But that's when Jesse was waiting behind the spider. And Jesse had a really good idea put his shoes on top and spunk that shoe under. Yeah, jesse took his shoes off, and he put the glue inside his shoes. He kind of used his shoes like spoons, and he picked up or cups, and he got a bunch of glue inside his shoes, and he threw the glue onto the spider. And the spider got stuck in the puddle of glue. Jonah and Jesse were very happy that they were able to get away from the spider, but they still didn't know how to get out of this huge jungle of carpet that was all over their room. And so they realized that they had to tunnel through it. And so Jonah led the way, and he would kind of squirm through it. And as he was squirming through it, he saw that there were some worms that also lived there, but the worms were blue, and the worms were able to talk. And one of the worms well, one of the worms said to Jonah and Jesse, how did you guys get here? And Jonah and Jesse said, they were just playing in their carpet, and suddenly their carpet grew. And when the carpet grew, there was a spider, and the spider tried to trick them, and they had to get the spider to go on the glue. And the blue worm told Jonah and Jesse that he knew the way for them to get out of the special carpet jungle. And Jonah told whispered in Jesse's ear, we have to be careful about this blue worm, too, because maybe it's tricking us also. And do you know what Jesse said? What? Jesse said, I already know that. And Jesse already did know that. So they started to follow the worm, and the worm made the tunnel through the carpet. And when they got to the end of the tunnel, they saw a big blue door. And the worm told Jonah and Jesse to knock on the door. And Jonah knocked first. And when Jonah knocked on the door, the door responded, and it said, who's there? And Jonah said it's just nobody. And the blue worm told Jonah, you have to say who you really are. And Jonah whispered to Jesse, he said, I'm going to use a pretend name. And Jonah said it's just jagabagle. And the blue door said, I know that you're not Jagabagle. Your name is Jonah, and your brother Jesse is right next to you. Also, the only way I will open and you can go out of this room that's full of spiders and blue worms and has a carpet that grows all the way up to the ceiling. The only way that you could go out is if you could answer the secret password. And Jesse said, oh, I know the secret password. It's kitty cat meow meow. And the door started to make a thunder noise, and out of the ceiling there started to be some rain. And the whole carpet started to get really wet. And the door said, Wrong password. And then Jonah said, I know the password. And Jonah, do you want to tell them what password you guessed? No guessed goggley do. Jonah guessed God doobie do or god do or. Say that again. Goggleby do gaga doobie do gogglebody gaggoobity do. And Jonah said, gagoobity do. But unfortunately, the blue door said, you just said the magic word for opening up the floor. And just as he said that, the floor that Jonah and Jesse were standing on opened up, and they fell underground. And under the ground, there was a big slide that they started to slide down. And when they got to the bottom of the slide, there was a sand pit. And in the sand pit, Jesse started to dig until he found a treasure box. And Jesse opened up the treasure box. And when he opened up the treasure box, there was a little doll that came out of it. And the doll had a button on the doll's belly button. And Jesse pressed the button. And when Jesse pressed the button, the doll said Open Sesame, and that was the secret password. And so Jonah told Jesse they should just bring the doll back with them up through the carpet forest by the blue door, and they should say Open Sesame by the blue door, and then they could get out of that magical place that was like trapping them. But they didn't know how to get back up because there was no rope or anything. And so that is when Jesse told Jonah that they had to stand on each other's shoulders. And Jesse stood on Jonah's shoulders, and then he climbed up to the carpet. And then when he got up there, then he helped Jonah go up, and Jonah went up, and he carried the doll with him. And they got all the way to the big blue door. And the big blue door said, what's the password? And Jonah pressed the belly button of the doll, and the doll said, Open sesame. And then it opened, and Jesse and Jonah were able to escape, and they lived happily ever after. The endo. Thanks for listening to make that story. DA DA close.