Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Juliana. Juliana lived in a huge treehouse in the Amazon rainforest. Under the treehouse, there were some friendly crocodiles, and the crocodiles had seatbelts on them. The friendly crocodiles didn't have any crocodile teeth. Instead of crocodile teeth, the crocodiles had an extra set of toes in their mouth. Yes. The crocodiles would give people who lived in the rainforest special kinds of rides. Because the crocodiles had toes in their mouths, the crocodiles were able to walk under the water, and the crocodiles were the toes teeth. Well, crocodiles usually have their teeth in their mouth. But these crocodiles, because their toes were in their mouth, they had teeth on their feet. Usually, where your fingernails would be, that's where the crocodile had his teeth.

Juliana had some friends, and all of Juliana's friends lived in treehouses as well. Sometimes they would play catch while they were swimming in the river with the friendly crocodiles that had toes in their mouth. Sometimes Juliana would throw a ball to her mom, who was on a different crocodile, and the crocodile would try to jump in the air. Then Juliana's mom, who would be riding the crocodile, would catch the ball and throw it back to Juliana.

Juliana was very, very lucky because there was a part of the rainforest deep, deep into the jungle where there were not so many animals. Only three people lived there: an old wizard, a young witch, and a clown. In that part of the rainforest where the wizard, witch, and clown lived, there was a secret thing. Those were kind of special people. Yes. The secret that they were guarding, Juliana did not know, and her friends didn't know the secret, and her mom and dad didn't know what it was. But they all knew that it was something, and they wanted to find out what it was.

So one day, Juliana had an idea. She told her mom, "Hey, Mom, how about we tell the crocodiles we want to go to that secret place of the rainforest where the witch lives and where the wizard lives? And where the silly clown lives? And the alligator will be able to give us a ride, and it will be safe because nothing will try to eat us if we're on an alligator." And so they felt safe going on the alligator ride. The alligators were able to climb up trees when there were trees in the way because the alligators used the toes in their mouth, and they would open their mouth and climb up the tree with their mouth and the tootsies.

The alligators would get all the way up the trees until one of the alligators finally got to a place where Juliana could see something glittering. Juliana said, "Mom, I think we finally got to the secret place in the rainforest." And Juliana's mom said, "Juliana, I think you're right." Just as she said that, she saw that the wizard was in a tree, and the witch was on a pig, and the wizard was upside down, standing on his hands. The wizard walked over, standing on his hands, walking with his hands as his feet. The wizard came right up to Juliana and her mom and said, "Watch what I can do in this magic place because you're the first people here." Juliana said, "Do I need to give you anything for money or something because it's such a special place?" The witch jumped down from the tree and said, "Juliana, these alligators used to live here in this special place, and that's how they got to grow toes in their mouths." Juliana said, "Are you going to make toes grow in my mouth and make my teeth go away?"

Then suddenly, the clown came, and the clown started spinning around and hopping up and down and said, "Juliana, we will not turn your teeth into toes. Look up at the sky." Juliana looked up at the sky, and she saw the sun. The sun was so nice and yellow, and it was bright. The clown said, "Juliana, I want you to say, 'Whizzle Basil magic doodle.'" Juliana said, "Are you sure I should say that?" The witch said yes. Juliana said, "Whizzle basil magic doodle." Suddenly, the sun turned into a disco ball because of the magic words that the wizard, the witch, and the clown taught her. The sun started changing colors, and it was turning around like a great big disco ball. When the sun started shining in the secret part of the rainforest where they were, a rainbow came up, and Juliana got a secret disco ball. It was probably from the rainbow, from a disco ball.

Juliana got a secret power. Juliana realized that she now had the power to know what other people were thinking. All Juliana had to do was look in their eyes, and she could tell what someone else was thinking, if they were happy or sad, or if they were thinking about a secret. Whatever anybody was thinking about, Juliana got to know. Juliana said, "Mom, I know what you're thinking about." Juliana's mom said, "There's no way you'll guess what I'm thinking about." Juliana guessed, "Mom, you are thinking about that you want to get an umbrella to put on top of the treehouse that we live in." Juliana's mom said, "I can't believe you got it because usually I don't think about that." But really, Juliana's mom was thinking just that second of going on her computer and buying an umbrella for the treehouse that they lived in. Juliana was always able to read whatever somebody else was thinking. The other thing that Juliana was able to do is if you were going to say something, she knew what you were going to say before you said it.

Well, just as she was reading her mom's mind, she decided she could also read the mind of the witch, the wizard, and the clown. She said, "Clown, I know what you're thinking." The clown said, "What am I thinking?" Juliana said, "Clown, you want to go surfing with a crocodile as your surfboard and go in such big waves and have so much fun." The clown said, "How did you know? That's so silly. And that is really what I was thinking." Juliana was very proud because she really knew that the clown was secretly a great surfer who knew how to surf on regular surfboards and alligators.

Regular people think it's impossible to surf on an alligator, but actually, alligators, their bottom is kind of flat, and they're good in the water. So if an alligator helps you, you could surf on big waves with alligators, but it's not easy, which is why most people don't do it. But the clown in real life well, in real life, that wouldn't be a good idea. But the clown lived in this special part of the rainforest, and he practiced a lot.

But Juliana looked up, and the disco ball that was the sun was getting a little darker, and the colors were starting to be a little dimmer. Juliana said to her mom, "Mom, I think it's getting late." Then she read the wizard's mind, and she saw that the wizard was about to turn the disco ball back into a sun. Just as she was thinking that, the wizard did that, and it turned back into a sun. Juliana and her mom went riding an alligator all the way back home to their treehouse. Juliana and her family lived happily ever after. The end.