Welcome to makeup stories. My name is jack. This is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi, my name is juliana. I'm six years old. I live in raleigh, north carolina. My birthday is march 12, and the three words are a disco ball, a rainbow, and a great surfer. Bye. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named juliana who lives in raleigh, north carolina, and who turned seven years old yesterday, March 12. And so we want to say happy birthday, juliana. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. And juliana asks for us to make up a story that includes a disco ball, a rainbow, and a great surfer. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was juliana. Juliana lived in a big treehouse in the amazon rainforest. And under the treehouse, there were some friendly crocodiles, and the crocodiles had seatbelts on them. And the friendly crocodiles didn't have any crocodile teeth. And instead of crocodile teeth, the crocodiles had an extra set of toes in their mouth. Yes. And the crocodiles would give people who lived in the rainforest special kind of rides. And because the crocodiles had toes in their mouths, the crocodiles were able to walk under the water, and the crocodiles were the toes teeth. Well, crocodiles actually, usually their teeth is in the mouth. But these crocodiles, because their toes were in their mouth, they had teeth on their feet. Usually where your fingernails would be, that's where the crocodile had his teeth. And juliana had some friends, and all of Juliana's friends lived in treehouses as well. And sometimes they would play catch while they were swimming in the river with the friendly crocodiles that had toes in their mouth. And sometimes juliana would throw a ball to her mom, who's on a different crocodile, and the crocodile would try to jump in the air. And then Juliana's mom, who would be riding the crocodile, would catch the ball and throw it back to juliana. Well, juliana was very, very lucky, because there was a part of the rainforest deep, deep into the jungle where there were not so many animals. And only three people lived an old wizard, a young witch, and a clown. In that part of the rainforest where the wizard, witch, and clown lived, there was a secret thing. Those are kind of special people. Yes. And the secret that they were guarding, juliana did not know, and her friends didn't know the secret, and her mom and dad didn't what was it? But they all knew that it was something, and they wanted to find out what it was. So one day, juliana had an idea. She told her mom, hey, mom, they have to bleed some money because you can't just steal it. That's not how it's going to work out. No, they can't. So Juliana said, hey, mom, how about we tell the crocodiles we want to go to that secret place of the rainforest where the witch lives and where the wizard lives? And where the silly clown lives? And the alligator will be able to give us a ride and it will be safe because nothing will try to eat us if we're on an alligator. And the alligators also maybe like humongous whales could come along. There are no whales in this rainforest, bud. And so they felt so safe going on the alligator ride. And the alligators were able to climb up trees when there were trees in the way because the alligators used the toes in their mouth and they would open their mouth and climb up the tree with their mouth and the tootsies. And the alligators would get all the way up the trees until one of the alligators finally got to a place where Juliana could see something glittering. And Juliana said, mom, I think we finally got to the secret place in the Rainforest, some money above. And Juliana's. Mom said juliana. I think you're right. And just as she said that, she saw that the wizard was in a tree and the Witch was on a pig and the wizard was upside down, standing on his hands. And the wizard walked over, standing on his hands, walking with his hands as his feet. And the wizard came right up to Juliana and her mom and said, watch what I can do in this magic place because you're the first people here. And Juliana said, do I need to give you anything for money or something because it's such a special place. And the Witch jumped down from the tree and said, juliana, these alligators used to live here in this special place and that's how come they got to grow toes in their mouths. And Juliana said, Are you going to make toes grow in my mouth and make my teeth go away? And then suddenly the clown came and the clown started spinning around and hopping up and down and said, juliana, we will not turn your teeth into toes. Look up at the sky. And Juliana looked up at the sky and she saw the sun. And the sun was so nice and yellow and it was bright. And the clown said, Juliana, I want you to say, whizzle Basil magic doodle. And then Juliana said, Are you sure I should say that? And the witch said yes. And Juliana said, whizzle basil magic doodle. And suddenly the sun turned into a disco ball because of the magic words that the wizard and the Witch and the clown taught her. And the sun started changing colors and it was turning around like a great big disco ball. And when the sun started shining in the secret part of the rainforest where they were, a rainbow came up and Juliana got a secret disco ball. It was probably from the rainbow, from a disco ball. And Juliana got a secret power. Juliana realized that she now had the power to know what other people are thinking. All Juliana had to do is look in their eyes, and she could tell what someone else was thinking, if they were happy or sad, or if they were thinking about a secret. Whatever anybody was thinking about, Juliana got to know. And Juliana said, mom, I know what you're thinking about. And Juliana's mom said, there's no way you'll guess what I'm thinking about. And do you know what Juliana guessed? What? Juliana guessed, mom, you are thinking about that you want to get an umbrella to put on top of the treehouse that we live in. And Juliana's mom said, I can't believe you got it, because usually I don't think about that. But really, Juliana's mom was thinking just that second of going on her computer and buying an umbrella for the tree house that they lived in. And Juliana was always able to read whatever somebody else was thinking. And the other thing that Giuliano was able to do is if you were going to say something, she knew what you were going to say before you said it. Yeah, like she would have known that. You just say what. And it was a secret power that she got, because the disco ball, that when the sun turned into a disco ball, and the lights started shining down some of the colors that shined down in that part of the rainforest, that's what helped the wizard and the Witch and the clown give Juliana these magic powers. Well, just as she was reading her mom's mind, she decided she could also read the mind of the Witch and the wizard and the clown. And she said, clown, I know what you're thinking. And the clown said, what am I thinking? And Juliana said, clown, you want to go surfing with a crocodile as your surfboard and go in such big waves and have so much fun. And the clown said, how did you know? That's so silly. And that is really what I was thinking. And Juliana was very proud, because she really knew that the clown was secretly a great surfer who knew how to surf on regular surfboards and alligators. How do you surf on an alligator? It's impossible. Regular people think it's impossible to surf on an alligator, but actually, alligators, their bottom is kind of flat, and they're good in the water. And so if an alligator helps you, you could surf on big waves with alligators, but it's not easy, which is why most people don't do it. But the clown in real life well, in real life, that wouldn't be a good idea. But the clown lived in this special part of the rainforest, and he practiced a lot. But Juliana looked up, and the disco ball that was the sun was getting a little darker, and the colors were starting to be a little dimmer. And Juliana said to her, mom, mom, I think it's getting late. And then she read the Wizard's mind, and she saw that the wizard was about to turn the disco ball back into a sun. And then just as she was thinking that the wizard did that and it turned back into a sun, and Juliana and her mom juliana and her mom went riding an alligator all the way back home to their treehouse. And Juliana and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.