Welcome to makeup. The Kids Bedtime Womb is tonight's makeup story is a request from two listeners who are siblings and whose names are Marley and JuD. Marley is seven years old and JuD is four years old. And Marley and JuD asked for us to make up a story about two kids that go on an epic adventure with their dog named Ruby. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Marley and JuD. Sometimes Marley and Judd like to dress up in superhero costumes and go out to the playground. The playground was not so far from their house and it was right next to a zoo. Well, Marley and JuD went to the playground and first they played on the swings. Marley got the highest. Judd got a little bit high, but not nearly as high as Marley. And then afterwards they had a climbing contest. And the first time, Judd won. And then the second time Marley won. Marley and JuD loved having fun in the playground. Well, they saw a special ride and it was a seesaw. And Marley went on one side of the seesaw and JuD sat down on the other side. And then they went wee. And Marley went up and then they went WA and JuD went up and they went back and forth weing and ying and having so much fun on the seesaw. As they were playing in their playground, they noticed that their dog, Ruby had run right up to them and wanted to have a pile on one side of the seesaw. So it was so silly. First, Marley sat down on the seesaw and then JuD sat down in Marley's lap and then their dog, Ruby, jumped on top of Marley and JuD and they were having a big pile when suddenly the gate to the zoo broke and outstormed a big blue elephant out of the zoo right to the playground. Now, the big blue elephant was a baby elephant but it was the strongest baby elephant in the whole world. The strongest baby elephant. And do you know what elephants love to do? They love to go on seesaws. And so the baby elephant jumped right up to the playground and it saw that Marley, Judd and their dog Ruby were on a seesaw and the elephant jumped on the other side of the seesaw. And do you know what happened? Did they go flying? They went flying. Marley and Judd and their doggie went flying so high off the seesaw they went up on top of the clouds all the way to outer space. Luckily, they were flying with no air in it. And then they were flying in outer space and there was no air. But luckily, earlier that day in the playground, marley and Judd also found a special kind of bubbles. And the bubbles, if you held onto them while you were in outer space, then you could still breathe in outer space because they were magic bubbles. And Marley and JuD, why not put one on your face? Yes. And they also were able to blow bubbles. And when you blew a bubble, there was air left in it and you could just breathe that air. So Marley and JuD and Ruby were floating through outer space when suddenly Ruby, their doggie, woofed. And it said, Woof, woof, woof, woof. And it was because they were coming up to a planet and they got very close to the planet and it smelled a little bit like some doggy treats or kibbles. And when they got so close to the planet, they saw that there was a slide leading from outer space onto the planet so they wouldn't have to fall hard. They would just go down the slide from outer space to that planet. And Marley and Judd and their dog, Ruby slid on the slide and they kept blowing the bubbles so that they could breathe until they got all the way down to the other planet. And when they got down to the other planet, they saw that it was a planet full of doggies. And the doggies had streets that were for doggies and the doggies had doggy supermarkets where they had they become the owners if the whole entire doggy wears. Yes. Well, the doggies were first, the owners. And there were doggy cars and there were doggy buses and there was a doggie supermarket where they had doggy kibbles and doggy treats and some beef jerky for doggies. And there was also a special, incredibly fun ride just for doggies where you got to go on a doggy slide and slip to the bottom. And in the bottom of the doggy slide, there were so many doggy treats and doggies love doing that. Why you could go where the dog could go on all the dog it keeps shooting out doggy food. Yes. And there was also on this doggy planet a doggy roller coaster ride. And as you went on the doggy roller coaster, which looks like a little ChuChu, it shot out little doggy treats. And there were so many fun things to do on the planet. But the problem was Marley and JuD didn't know how to talk to those doggies because the doggies on the different planet spoke a different language. Luckily for them, their dog, Ruby knew how to talk to the doggies on this planet because they still Woof, woofed. And so Ruby said, Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof. And the doggies on the other planet said, oh, you guys came from Earth, you're people. Because the doggies on that planet saw Marley and Judd and they thought Marley and Judd were aliens because on that doggy planet they hadn't seen people before. And Ruby explained that Marley and Judd were just nice people and that they were playing in a playground and an elephant came and went on their seesaw and they flew in outer space and landed on this planet. And the doggie said that they had a special doggy seesaw on this planet, too. And if Marley and JuD and Ruby wanted to go back to Earth, they could go to that playground and they could go to the big doggy seesaw, and then they could blast them off back to Earth. And Marley and JuD said that that would be a good idea. And Ruby went with them to the doggy playground in this doggy planet, so they could even yes. And the doggy playground had so many digging places. It had such a big sandbox, because doggies love to dig in sand. And the doggy playground had special things that doggies did. It rain on doggy bowls. And when there was doggy bowls all around the playground, it didn't rain doggy bowls, but sometimes special yummy doggy juice came from the sky, and the doggies love that kind of juice and hold on, I need to say what happened at the plate. Yeah. Okay. Was the fence made out of doggy bowls and doggy food? And the fence was made out of doggy bowls and doggy food. And all of the doggies, they said, Time for the seesaw ride. Time for the seesaw ride. And Marley and JuD and their dog, Ruby, piled onto the seesaw. And then the other side of the seesaw was really big, so that a lot of dogs could go on it at once. And all of the dogs arranged in a line on the other side of the seesaw, and they got ready to jump on it. And then Marley and Judd said, we're going to do a blastoff count, and they said, 54321, blast off. And all the doggies jumped on the other side of the seesaw. And Marley, Judd and Ruby blasted off back into space, right in the direction of Earth. As they got to Earth, they got very close. And when they got so close, they had to use all of their bubbles so that they could breathe in space. And finally, they got to the sky. When they got to the sky, they didn't have any parachutes, and so they were afraid that they would just fall back down to Earth. But luckily, there were some big birds that came to rescue them. And these birds could fly so high, so they flew all the way the top of the sky on the edge of space, and they carried Marley, Judd and their doggy, Ruby, and gave them birdie rides as they went back down to Earth. To their house. Yeah. And these were condors. Condors are the biggest kinds of birds. And the condors gave them rides back to their plate, back to the playground that was near their house. And when they got to the playground, they saw that the zookeeper was there, and the zookeeper had gotten the elephant back in the playground, and everything was okay. In the zoo. Sorry. In the zoo. And everything was okay. And Marley, Jed and Ruby lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.