Hi, I'm Alabella. I'm from Brisbane, Australia, and I'm five years old. And every night when I go to Swede, I just love your podcasters. Every night. My name is Alabella. I live in Brisbane, and I'm turning six ill on this 10 October. I and I would like you to request a story about a girl with a dinosaur pet who could travel through portals to get back into time to the age of other dinosaurs. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Arabella who lives in Brisbane, Australia, and who turns six years old on October 10. And so we want to give Arabella a happy half birthday. Happy half birthday, Arabella. Arabella. And Arabella asked for us to make up a story that includes a girl who has a dinosaur pet, and the girl can travel through portals to get back in time. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Arabella. Arabella used to live in Brisbane, Australia, and she lived in a house. And the house had lots of paintings inside, and some of the paintings had pictures of people. One of the paintings that was in Arabella's house had a picture of an olden day's car. And the car was rainbow colored, and the wheels on the car were blue. And the car also had a big wing that came out of the doors and could flap. Well, Arabella never saw a car like that in the real world. But one day, as Arabella was walking right by a playground with her mom and also with her dad, arabella saw that olden days car that was from the picture in her house. And there it was in the parking lot next to the playground, the rainbow colored car with the colorful wheels and the wings that were growing out of the car's doors. And there was some music playing in the radio of the olden days car. The music sounded like olden days music. And suddenly Arabella told her parents that she wanted to go away from the playground and to go up close to the olden days rainbow colored car to see why it was there and to see if it really matched the car that they had a picture of. And so Arabella and her parents walked on away from the slides, past the swings and also past the climbing structure, and they walked towards the parking lot. And as they got closer to the olden days rainbow colored car, they saw that there really was music playing. And it sounded kind of like kitty cats that were singing in the song of the olden days car. And the door opened by itself, and there was nobody inside. And Arabella asked her parents if it was a self driving car from the olden days. And Arabella's parents told her that the reason they had a picture of this olden days car is because it was the kind of car that everyone in the whole world had been looking for. It was missing from a long time. For a long time. It vanished from the olden days. In the olden days when people had horses and they had special bicycles and stuff to get around, there was one car that everyone always wanted and that was this car. But it escaped the olden days and went into the future. And there were newspaper articles and magazines and TV shows and radio announcers would talk about the olden days car that escaped to the future. And that's why Arabella's parents had a picture of it in their house because it was big news. And they finally found it and it was right near the playground. And Arabella saw that the doors were open and there was nobody inside. And she asked her parents if they could go in the olden days car that was rainbow colored and had wings that grew out of the doors and had colorful wheels. Arabella's parents said that whoever found the rainbow colored olden days car got to go in it and was the new owner of it because that was the rule that all the people in the world agreed on. So Arabella decided to go in the car with her parents. And right as she went in the door, she saw that a car seat magically appeared right in the driver's seat. And so Arabella was able to go in the magical car seat. And when she looked at the car, she said, mom, dad, come on in. And Arabella's Mom and her dad went into the magic rainbow olden days car that had olden days kitty cat music meowing out loud. They closed the doors, put on their seatbelts and Arabella said, go, car, go. And as she said go, do you know what happened? The car started to go backwards through time, back even before from the time it came from. The car went so far back in time. The rainbow colored time machine olden days car. It went so far back in time that it went to the time when there were so many bees buzzing around in the world and the dinosaurs ruled the earth. The dinosaurs that lived in the time were half pretend and half real. Some of them looked like dinosaur dolls or just like skeletons and bones that you might see in the museum. But in the olden days, there were also real dinosaurs that weren't made of playdoh or Silly Putty or anything else. And the real dinosaurs that lived in the old and olden days used to make a lot of silly sounds. And they didn't move around much because they were so big and they needed to save their energy. While the dinosaurs were so surprised to see a rainbow colored car because they never met a car before and the dinosaurs had never seen people yet. And so all of the dinosaurs crowded around the rainbow colored old and descar. And Arabella could see that some of the dinosaurs were pretend and some of the dinosaurs were just bones. But some of the dinosaurs were really real because the rainbow car took them to the dinosaur times. And Arabella decided to play the kitty cat music from the olden days that the car was playing before. And the car started to say, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow, meow. And just as the car started to sing that the dinosaurs got really happy and they started to dance. And the dinosaurs would swing their necks around and they would stomp their feet and try to clap. But it was so silly when dinosaurs would try to clap because they weren't as good at lifting their front feet. And so some of them fell over and fell down. And then they tried to do a silly break dancing thing on the ground. And Arabella thought the show was so funny. But some of the dinosaurs really loved Arabella and her parents because they had never met any people before. And so one of the little dinosaurs asked Arabella if he could become Arabella's pet and if Arabella could take the baby dinosaur in the rainbow colored car back to the future. So Arabella told the dinosaur she had to ask her parents. And Arabella said, mom? Yeah, bud, but what happens if it goes into the future? That it's going to die when it goes into the future? And Arabella asked her parents, mom, dad, please, can we get a dinosaur, please? And Arabella's mom said, well, what if we put it in the rainbow colored car and it goes in the future, and then it dies because it goes in the future and dinosaurs aren't alive anymore? And Arabella said, well, maybe if it goes in the rainbow colored car, it could escape the meteor that fell on earth and killed dinosaurs, and that way we could save it. And so Arabella's dad told them it was a good idea. And Arabella took a baby little dinosaur in the rainbow colored olden days car and she closed the doors, which had wings on them. And her magic car seat popped up in front of the driver's seat. And her parents sat down in the other seats and they had their seatbelts on too. And Arabella closed her eyes and said, go. Go, future. And the rainbow colored car spun its colorful wheels all the way into the future. And the baby dinosaur survived. And from that day forward, arabella became the only person in the world with a little pet dinosaur. And Arabella and her family lived happily ever after. The end.