Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Sophie. Sophie lived in a huge store, and the whole store was full of tunnels, lots of plastic balls, climbing structures, and it was an adventure center. Many other kids would come to play and have fun at the adventure center where Sophie lived. Sophie's mom was in charge of the adventure center, and Sophie's dad also helped take care of it. Sophie was very lucky because one day, a kid who came to the adventure center to play in the tunnels brought Sophie a present. The present was two gerbils. One of the gerbils was tiny, and his name was Sonny. The other gerbil loved to run around super fast, and his name was Stormy.

Sophie's dad thought that the other kid wasn't really giving the gerbils to Sophie; he thought the other kid was giving the gerbils to the adventure center. And because her dad was the dad in the adventure center, he thought they were his gerbils. Little did Sophie's dad know that secretly the gerbils were able to escape their cage. When they escaped, they would run all around the adventure center, go through the tunnels, and climb up the ropes as other kids played. Many kids in Sophie's neighborhood would go to the adventure center where Sophie lived, and they would try to have fun. They would go up some ladders, and guess who would be following them? Gerbils. Some kids thought they were hamsters, but Sophie would always tell them they were actually gerbils.

Everyone thought that the gerbils living in the adventure center were regular gerbils. They thought that when the gerbils would run around the tunnels, it was just for fun so they could chase other kids. But one day, Sophie discovered that the two gerbils, Sunny and Stormy, had a magic power. Gerbils like to eat things like corn seeds, sunflowers, tiny carrots, nuts, fruits, and vegetables. Sophie used to always give her two gerbils, Sunny and Stormy, regular gerbil food. But one day, Sophie had an idea. She decided to mix some Lucky Charms, a yummy cereal, with the gerbil food. When she started to mix them together, nothing seemed to happen. There was no magic cloud, no little stars, and not even a kaboom. But the gerbil food started to smell a little different. It started to smell like gerbil candy. Then Sunny and Stormy, the gerbils, came running and went right up to the food. When they started to eat a sunflower seed, something amazing happened. The gerbil put a sunflower seed in his mouth, and it turned into a real sunflower. It grew right away.

Then Stormy the gerbil ate a little dried-up popcorn seed, and he put it in his mouth. Guess what happened? The gerbil's mouth started popping back and forth, and all of a sudden, Stormy, the gerbil sneezed out real popcorn. That's when Sophie realized that her gerbils, the ones that lived in the adventure center that all the other kids thought were regular gerbils, and some kids even thought they were hamsters, were not regular gerbils. These gerbils were from a special family of gerbils that lived underground in London for 2000 years. They used to live in a Lucky Charms factory, so whenever you mix that food with their food, they got magic powers.

Sophie decided she would become a magician. All the kids that went to her adventure center would say, "Sophie, can you do a trick for us?" Sophie would put the two gerbils, Sunny and Storm, in her shirt or in her pockets. Then Sophie would say, "Okay, give me a regular piece of corn or something." A kid would give Sophie a regular piece of corn. Sophie would say, "Okay, watch, I'm just going to put the corn in my pocket." Sophie wouldn't show the other kids that there was secretly a gerbil in her pocket. Then Sophie said, "Look, I'm just putting corn in my pocket." She put it in her pocket, and Stormy ate up the corn and popped out popcorn. Then Sophie said, "Look. See, it's popcorn." The other kid couldn't even see that there was secretly a gerbil in Sophie's pocket. Soon, the kids that went to the adventure center would tell their friends that there was a girl who just turned nine years old and who lived in an adventure center, and she knew a lot of magic tricks. Many people came to the adventure center to watch Sophie's magic shows, and they would clap and cheer.

Sophie became so famous, and kids everywhere wanted to see her magic shows, that Sophie decided to become a nine-year-old magician. She became the youngest professional magician in the world. She got on big stages and on televisions, computers, and phones to show everyone her magic tricks. One day, there was another grown-up magician. He was the best magician in the world. He said, "Sophie, I heard you have some real magic tricks. Can I see your magic trick?" Sophie said, "Sure. Close your eyes." The magician closed his eyes, and Sophie made sure he couldn't see her pockets. She had her gerbils, Sunny and Stormy, ready. Then she told the magician to open his eyes. The best magician in the world opened his eyes. Sophie said, "Look at this piece of a carrot." She picked up a carrot, and the magician said, "Okay, I see it." Then Sophie said, "I'm going to put the piece of the carrot in my pocket, and guess what's going to happen." The magician said, "What?" Sophie said, "Just watch." Sophie put the little piece of carrot in her pocket, and the magician couldn't see. But the gerbil named Sunny started to eat the carrot, and out came carrot corn, which is like popcorn, but it's a little more sugary and orange. The best magician in the world said, "Sophie, I can't believe you did that." Then Sophie said, "Show me a trick." Sophie said, "I want to see some trick where you turn something into something, just like I did." The best magician in the world said, "Give me a piece of corn." Sophie gave him a piece of corn, and he put it in his pocket, and it turned into popcorn. Then Sophie realized, the best magician in the world? He just had gerbils in his pocket, too. And then Sophie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.