Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Sophie. Sophie lived in a big store, and the whole store was full of tunnels and lots of plastic balls and climbing structures, and it was an adventure center. And in the adventure center where Sophie lived, lots of other kids would come to play and have fun. Sophie's mom was in charge of the adventure center, and Sophie's dad also helped take care of it. Sophie was very lucky because one day, a kid who came to the adventure center to play in the tunnels brought Sophie a present. And the present that the other kid brought were two gerbils. One of the gerbils was so little, and his name was Sonny. And there was another gerbil that loved to run around so fast, and that gerbil's name was Stormy, and the other kid gave it to Sophie.

But Sophie's dad thought that the other kid wasn't really giving the gerbils to Sophie; he thought the other kid was giving the gerbils to the adventure center. And because her dad was the dad in the adventure center, he thought they were his gerbils. Well, little did Sophie's dad know that secretly the hamsters were able to escape their cage. And when they escaped their cage, they would run all around the adventure center and go through the tunnels, and the hamsters would climb up the ropes as there were other kids playing. And so a lot of kids in Sophie's neighborhood would go to the adventure center where Sophie lived, and they would try to have fun, and they would go up some ladders, and do you know who would be following them? Hamsters. And the hamsters weren't even really hamsters. They were actually gerbils. And the gerbils, a lot of kids thought they were hamsters. And that's why some kids, when they saw them, said, "Those are hamsters." But Sophie would always tell them it's actually gerbils.

Everyone thought that the gerbils that lived in the adventure center were regular gerbils. And that when they would run around the tunnels. It was just for fun so that they could chase other kids. But one day, Sophie discovered that the two gerbils, Sunny and Stormy, had a magic power. Gerbils like to eat things like corn seeds and sunflowers and little tiny carrots and other kinds of nuts and some fruit and vegetables. And Sophie used to always give her two gerbils, Sunny and Stormy, regular gerbil food. But one day, Sophie had an idea. She decided to mix some Lucky Charms, which is a kind of yummy cereal, along with the gerbil food. And what happened when she started to mix them together? Nothing seemed to happen. There was no magic cloud. There were no little stars that went on top of it. There wasn't even a kaboom. But the hamster food, which wasn't really hamster food because it was gerbil food, started to smell a little different. The gerbil food started to smell a little bit like candy, but not people candy. It started to smell like gerbil candy. And then Sunny and Stormy, the gerbils came running, and Sunny and Stormy, the gerbils went right up to the food. And when they started to eat a little sunflower seed, do you know what happened? The gerbil put a sunflower seed in his mouth, and it turned into a real sunflower. It grew right away.

And then Stormy the gerbil ate a little dried-up popcorn seed, and he put it in his mouth. And do you know what happened? The gerbil's mouth started popping back and forth, and all of a sudden, Stormy, the gerbil sneezed out a real popcorn. And that is when Sophie realized that her gerbils, the ones that lived in the adventure center that all of the other kids thought were regular gerbils, and some kids even thought they were hamsters, were not regular gerbils. These were from a special lineage of gerbils that means their parents and grandparents and great-grandparent gerbils. They were all from a kind of gerbil family that lived underground in London for 2000 years. And those gerbils used to live in a Lucky Charms factory. So whenever you mix that food with their food, they got magic powers.

And Sophie decided she would become a magician. And all of the kids that went into her adventure center, they would say, "Sophie, can you do a trick for us?" And then Sophie would put the two gerbils, Sunny and Storm, in her shirt or in her pockets. And then Sophie would say, "Okay, give me like a regular piece of corn or something." And then a kid would give Sophie a regular piece of corn. And Sophie would say, "Okay, watch, I'm just going to put the corn in my pocket." And Sophie wouldn't show the other kids that there was secretly a gerbil in her pocket. And then Sophie said, "Look, I'm just putting corn in my pocket." And she put it in her pocket. And Stormy ate up the corn and popped out a popcorn. And then Sophie said, "Look. See, it's popcorn." And the other kid couldn't even see that there is secretly a gerbil in Sophie's pocket. And soon, the kids that went to the adventure center would tell their friends that there was a girl who just turned nine years old and who lived in an adventure center and that she knew a lot of magic tricks. And so a lot of people used to come to the adventure center to watch Sophie's magic shows, and they would clap, and they would say, "Hip parade."

And Sophie became so famous, and kids everywhere wanted to see her magic shows, that Sophie decided to become a nine-year-old magician. And Sophie became the youngest professional magician in the world. And she got on big stages and on televisions and computers and phones to show everyone her magic tricks. And one day, there was another grown-up magician. And the grown-up magician was also a professional magician, and he was the best magician in the world. And that grown-up magician, the best magician in the world, said, "Sophie, I heard you have some real magic tricks. Can I see your magic trick?" And Sophie said, "Sure. Close your eyes." And the magician closed his eyes, and Sophie made sure the magician couldn't see her pockets, and she had her gerbil, Sunny and Stormy, ready. And then she told the magician to open his eyes. And the best magician in the world opened his eyes. And then Sophie said, "Look at this piece of a carrot." And she picked up a carrot. And the magician said, "Okay, I see it." And then Sophie said, "I'm going to put the piece of the carrot in my pocket, and guess what's going to happen." And the magician said, "What?" And Sophie said, "Just watch." And Sophie put the little piece of carrot in her pocket, and the magician couldn't see. But the gerbil named Sunny started to eat the carrot, and out came carrot corn, which is like popcorn, but it's a little more sugary, and it's orange. And the best magician in the world said, "Sophie, I can't believe you did that." And then Sophie said, "Show me a trick." And Sophie said, "I want to see some trick where you turn something into something, just like I did." And the best magician in the world said, "Give me a piece of corn." And Sophie gave him a piece of corn, and he put it in his pocket, and it turned into popcorn. And then Sophie realized, the best magician in the world? Really, he just had gerbils in his pocket, too. And then Sophie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.