Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. One morning, Jonah and Jesse woke up before even their parents woke up. When they got out of bed, they saw a big teddy bear in their room, and they heard their teddy bear snoring. When Jesse looked at his teddy bear, he saw that the teddy bear's eyes were blinking a little bit, like its eyes were a little bit open, and also that the teddy bear's belly was going up and down a little bit. Jesse could also see that a little bit of green air was coming out of the teddy bear's nose. So Jesse whispered to Jonah, "Jonah, the teddy bear is alive." Jonah told Jesse to hold his hand, and they walked out of the room very quietly because they didn't want to wake up the teddy bear since it was really big. They walked over to their parents' room. When Jesse and Jonah got to their parents' room, they saw that their mom and dad were missing. They weren't in their bed.

Jesse and Jonah quietly went out of their parents' room, and they walked in the hallway to see if maybe their parents were making breakfast. When they walked in the hallway, they saw that there were some different toy soldiers that were moving around all by themselves. One of the toy soldiers was holding a little gun that was shooting out some paint, and the paint was squirting all over the wall. Jesse whispered to Jonah that he thought that during the night, something happened and his parents were missing and some of the toys and stuffed animals turned alive. Jonah said that they had to whisper very quietly because maybe the toys and stuffed animals could hear them. Jesse and Jonah decided to crawl so that they would be low down close to the floor and it would be hard for their toys and stuffed animals to see them. They crawled out of the kitchen, and they went through the hallway all the way to the garage, and they opened up the door to the garage. When they looked inside the garage, they saw that it was full of that green kind of air that the teddy bear in their room was breathing out. The cars that were normally in the garage had grown legs, and the wheels were missing. The cars were also kind of snoring a little bit, and one of the car's headlights turned on, and it turned into an eye.

A wizard came in the night and made Jesse and Jonah's parents like the wizard, controlled them, and made them want to turn the stuffed animals into toys. Jesse told Jonah that he thought that during the night there was a wizard that came, and the wizard made his parents disappear and made some of the toys turn alive. Just as he whispered that to Jonah, the car blinked its headlights, and the door opened by itself. Jonah said to Jesse, "Should we run?" Jesse said he wasn't sure. They turned around to go out of the garage, but the door closed by itself. Jesse and Jonah were trapped in the garage because the garage door was jammed. Jesse tried to open the garage door, but the button didn't work because it was out of battery. So Jesse and Jonah had no choice but to go around to the car. They walked through the green air, and they got to the door of the car that had opened by itself. They held their noses because they didn't know if the green gas would affect them.

When they went inside the car, Jesse and Jonah saw that their noses were getting longer, their fingernails were growing, and there was starting to be some nail polish on their fingernails. The nail polish on their fingernails looked like stars. Jesse looked at his toes, and he saw that his toenails were growing too. He looked at Jonah and saw that Jonah's eyeballs were turning around in circles and that they looked like ovals. Jesse said, "Jonah, I think you're turning into a wizard." Jonah looked at Jesse and saw that Jesse's eyeballs were also ovals. He said, "Jesse, I think you're turning into a wizard also." They realized it was because of that green air that they were breathing in. They tried to close their noses before, but it was too late. They breathed in a little bit of that green air through their mouths, and they both turned into wizards. Jesse said, "Jonah, now that we're wizards, what should we do?" Jonah said, "We should just wish that this all goes away."

Jonah lifted his hands, and the stars on his nail polish started to move around. He said, "Magic, magic, car, go down and have your legs turn into wheels." But the car didn't go down. Instead, the legs started kicking, and the garage door finally opened, and the car went out, and they were outside on the street. The legs of the car got longer, and Jesse and Jonah were stuck in the car. The car started to walk out of their driveway and onto the street. When they walked on the street, they saw that their mom and their dad were tied up on the top of a lamp post outside like one of those streetlights. Jonah said, "Look, Jesse, there's dad and mom, and they're all tied up." Jesse said, "Oh, I know. We could use our long fingernails to cut the rope." Jesse stuck his hand out of the car, and he used his fingernails to cut the rope. So his parents got loose.

When Jesse and Jonah's parents, Steve and Amanda, got loose, they said, "What happened? We just woke up, and we weren't in our bed. We were just tied to this streetlight." Jesse told his mom and his dad about the green smoke, the teddy bear that was alive, the toy soldiers that turned alive, the paint that they squirted out all over the wall, the garage door, and the car that grew legs. Steve and Amanda said, "Well, what should we do?" Jonah said, "Well, since I'm a wizard, I tried to use my magic, but it didn't work." Steve said, "How about, in order to make your magic work as a wizard, close your eyes, and both of you hold hands and look into each other's oval eyes and then try to make your magic incantation?" Jesse and Jonah held each other's hands, and they noticed that the stars in their fingernails started to turn around in circles. They looked into each other's eyes, and they said, "Magic, magic, make everything go away and be like normal."

When they opened their eyes, the car disappeared, and they were back in bed. Their teddy bear was just a regular teddy bear again. Jesse and Jonah ran out of their room, and they went to their mom's room, and their mom and dad were just in their regular bed. So it worked. Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.