Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Ben. One day, Ben was walking to the playground with his mom and dad. As they walked, Ben saw a shiny piece of paper flying in the wind, going all the way to the playground. Ben told his dad they needed to run and get the paper. His dad told Ben to wait on the sidewalk, and he ran as fast as he could to catch the paper. He brought it back to Ben, and they unfolded it together.

To their surprise, the paper was a treasure map! The map showed that behind the playground, there was a secret tunnel leading to an underground train station. This station had magical trains that could take you to the other side of the world! Ben told his dad they should follow the map past the playground, under the slide, to the secret tunnel.

When they reached the secret tunnel, Ben's dad asked, "Ben, what's the magic password to open the tunnel?" Ben didn't know, but he noticed some kids' shoes with little holes in the bottom nearby. Ben thought maybe wearing the shoes would open the tunnel. His dad helped him put on the special shiny shoes, which were next to the secret tunnel.

As soon as Ben put on the shoes, he felt stronger and more powerful. He said, "Dad, the secret password is 'shoes'!" The moment Ben said "shoes," the secret tunnel opened up. Ben and his dad slid down into the tunnel and arrived at the magical train station. The station was full of people who looked normal, but you could put your fingers through their bodies, and they felt like light.

A see-through conductor blew a whistle and said, "Everyone step back! The special Cheetah train is coming!" Ben saw choo-choo train tracks made of blocks, and soon, a train that looked like a cheetah with legs instead of wheels appeared. The train carried a huge load of elephants, giraffes, and special titanium metal. The train stopped, and the conductor asked if anyone wanted to go inside. Ben, his mom, and his dad all said, "We do!" and climbed aboard.

Inside the Cheetah train, they met three silly piggies. One piggy was named Orange Juice, and he loved to drink orange juice, spill it on himself, and do a funny piggy dance. Another piggy claimed he was the fastest piggy in the world and could fly, even without wings. Ben didn't believe him, but the piggy jumped up and floated through the train. The piggy told Ben he could float too, thanks to his special shiny shoes with jetpacks. Ben stomped on the ground, activating his jet shoes, and started flying through the train.

Ben was having so much fun, but his dad warned him to be careful because the train wasn't very big. Ben held his mom's and dad's hands, and they flew out of the train window, through the underground tunnel, and all the way to the other side of the world.

When they arrived, Ben noticed that everyone was upside down. The people explained that they were on the bottom part of the round earth. Ben told them they should walk on their hands instead, so they'd be right side up. He handed out magical gloves to help them, and they thanked him. The people only had to walk on their hands at nighttime when they were on the bottom of the earth.

Ben and his family went back to the train station, where the Cheetah train was waiting to take them home. They turned off their jet shoes, climbed aboard, and raced back to their house. Ben and his parents lived happily ever after. The end.