Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Ben. Ben was walking outside to the playground with his dad and with his mom. As they were walking to the playground, Ben saw that there was a paper flying in the wind, and the paper was going down the street all the way to the playground. Ben noticed that the paper looked a little bit shiny, so he told his dad that they needed to run and get the paper. Ben's dad told Ben to wait right there on the sidewalk, and he ran as fast as he could and grabbed up in the air until he caught the paper. He brought the paper back to Ben, and Ben and his dad unfolded the paper.

When they looked at the unfolded paper, they were very surprised to see that it was a treasure map. The treasure map showed that behind the playground, there was a secret tunnel to get to an underground train station, which could take you to the other side of the world. The underground train station had underground trains that went through the middle of the earth all the way to the other side. Ben told his dad that they should follow the map past the playground, under the slide to the secret tunnel, which went to the train station.

When they got to the secret tunnel, Ben's dad said, "Ben, what is the magic password to open up the secret tunnel?" Ben said, "I don't know." He noticed that right next to the tunnel, there were some kids' shoes. The kids' shoes had little holes in the bottom. Ben said, "Well, maybe if I put on the kids' shoes over here, then that will open up the tunnel." Ben's dad said, "I don't know. It does say right next to these shoes that they're nobody's and that they're for free, so maybe we could try them on." Ben's dad helped Ben put on the special shiny kids' shoes, which were next to the secret tunnel.

When Ben put on the kids' shoes, he instantly felt stronger and more powerful. He said, "Dad, now I know what the secret password was. It was shoes." Just as Ben said "shoes," the secret tunnel opened up, and Ben and his dad went down the slide into the secret tunnel until they got to the magical train station. The magical train station had a lot of people that looked like regular people, but you could put your fingers through their bodies, and you didn't feel anything. People looked almost like light that was walking around. It looked like people, but whenever you tried to touch them, you could just put your hand right through them. Ben knew that there weren't real people in the magical train station.

There was a conductor, and you could also see through the conductor. The conductor had a whistle and said, "Everyone back from the platform because the special Cheetah train is coming." Ben looked past the platform, and he saw that there were choo-choo train tracks made out of blocks. The choo-choo train tracks, which were made out of blocks, were shaking a little bit, and suddenly he heard a Cheetah say, "Choo-choo." There was a whole train which looked like a Cheetah in front. The train had Cheetah legs instead of wheels and carried the biggest train load in the world, full of elephants, giraffes, and a lot of special titanium metal. The train stopped at the platform, and the Cheetah train opened its doors. The conductor said, "Does anyone want to go inside?" Ben, his dad, and his mom, who was also there, said, "We do." They went inside the Cheetah train.

Inside the Cheetah train, they saw that there were three piggies. The three piggies inside the Cheetah train were very silly because one piggy's name was Orange Juice. The piggy, whose name was Orange Juice, liked to drink orange juice, and he drank so much orange juice. After he drank the orange juice, he used to spill it on top of himself, and then he would do a silly piggy dance. There was another piggy, and the other piggy told Ben that he was the fastest piggy in the world, and he knew how to fly, even though he had no wings. Ben said, "I don't think a pig could fly if it doesn't have wings." The pig said, "Look." He jumped up and started to float through the middle of the Cheetah train on top of the other Orange Juice piggy. Just as he was floating, he said, "Ben, you could float, too." Ben said, "People can't float, and they can't fly." But the piggy told Ben he had to look at his special shiny shoes with the holes in them. Ben looked at his shiny shoes, and he saw that they had a jetpack. All he had to do was stomp on the ground, and it activated his jet shoes.

Ben used his jet shoes to fly in the air as fast as an airplane as he was flying through the cheetah train. Ben was having a lot of fun. But Ben's dad said, "Ben, be careful because the Cheetah train is not so big, and it's not meant for people to jet around using jet shoes." Ben said, "Okay, Dad, I'll be careful." He held his dad's hand and his mom's hand, and he went on using his jet shoes. He went right out of the train window, and he was flying around the underground train tunnel until he flew using his jet shoes, holding onto his mom and dad to the other side of the world.

When he got to the other side of the world, Ben noticed that all of the people were upside down. He asked the people, "Why are you upside down?" They said, "Because the earth is round, and we're on the bottom part." Ben told everyone that they needed to not be upside down. They told Ben that they were going to have to start walking on their heads. Ben told the people on the other side of the earth that they needed to walk on their hands instead so they'll be right side up. Everyone said, "Okay, we'll try." Ben handed out magical gloves that let everyone on the other side of the world walk on their hands. Then Ben told them, "Gravity is going to help you stick to earth, so you don't have to worry about falling off. But it's important that you're not upside down. Because if you're upside down on the other side of the earth, then the ceiling might be the floor." Ben didn't want everyone's ceiling to be their floor.

The people on the other side of the earth only had to walk around their hands when it was nighttime because that's when they're on the bottom of the earth. Ben told the people, and he gave magic gloves to make it easy for them. They said, "Thank you so much." Ben went back inside the train station, and he saw the Cheetah train was ready for him to go back home. He turned off his jet shoes, and he brought his parents inside the Cheetah train. They went racing on the Cheetah train tracks all the way back to Ben's house. Ben and his parents lived happily ever after. The end.