Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Audrey. Made up stories is the best podcast ever. Hi, my name is Ben, and I live in Portland, Oregon, and I'm four years old, and I would like a story about a jet and she that in a train station. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Ben who lives in Portland, Oregon, and who turned five years old yesterday on February 15. And so we want to say happy birthday, Ben. Happy birthday, hen. Ben and Ben asked for us to make up a story that includes a jet, a cheetah, and a train station. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Ben. Ben was walking outside to the playground with his dad and with his mom. And as they were walking to the playground, ben saw that there was a paper which was flying in the wind, and the paper was going down the street all the way to the playground. And Ben noticed that the paper looked a little bit shiny, so he told his dad that they needed to run and get the paper. And Ben's dad told Ben to wait right there on the sidewalk. And he ran as fast as he could and grabbed up in the air until he caught the paper. He brought the paper back to Ben, and Ben and his dad unfolded the paper. When they looked at the unfolded paper, they were very surprised to see that it was a treasure map. And the treasure map showed that behind the playground, there was a secret tunnel to get to an underground train station, which could take you to the other side of the world. And the underground train station had underground trains that went through the middle of the earth all the way to the other side. And Ben told his dad that they should follow the map past the playground, under the slide to the secret tunnel, which went to the train station. When they got to the secret tunnel, ben's dad said, ben, what is the magic password to open up the secret tunnel? And Ben said, I don't know. And he noticed that right next to the tunnel, there were some kids shoes. And the kids shoes had little holes in the bottom. And Ben said, well, maybe if I put on the kids shoes over here, then that will open up the tunnel. And Ben's dad said I don't know. It does say right next to these shoes that they're nobodies and that they're for free, so maybe we could try them on. And Ben's dad helped Ben put on the special shiny kids shoes, which were next to the secret tunnel. When Ben put on the kids shoes, he instantly felt stronger and more powerful. And he said, dad, now I know what the secret password was. It was shoes. And just as Ben said, shoes, the secret tunnel opened up, and ben and his dad went down the slide into the secret tunnel until they got to the magical train station. The magical train station, like a fake of them. The magical train station had a lot of people that looked like regular people, but you could put your fingers through their bodies, and you didn't feel anything. So people looked almost like light that was walking around. It looked like people, but whenever you tried to touch them, you could just put your hand right through people. So Ben knew that there weren't real people in the magical train station. There was a conductor, and you could also see through the conductor. And the conductor had a whistle. And the conductor said, everyone back from the platform because the special Cheetah train is coming. And Ben looked past the platform, and he saw that there were ChuChu train tracks which were made out of blocks, and the ChuChu train tracks, which were made out of blocks, were shaking a little bit, and suddenly he heard a Cheetah say, ChuChu. And there was a whole train which looked like a Cheetah in front. And the train had Cheetah legs instead of wheels, and it carried the biggest train load in the world, full of elephants and giraffes and a lot of special titanium metal. And the train stopped at the platform, and the Cheetah train opened its doors, and the conductor said, does anyone want to go inside? And Ben and his dad and Ben's mom, who was also there, said, we do. And so they went inside the Cheetah train. Inside the Cheetah train, they saw that there were three piggies. And the three piggies inside of the Cheetah train were very silly because one silly's name was Orange Juice. And the piggy, whose name was Orange Juice, all he liked to do was to drink orange juice, and he drank so much orange juice. And after he drank the orange juice, he used to spill it on top of himself, and then he would do a silly piggy dance. And there was another piggy, and the other piggy told Ben that he was the fastest piggy in the world, and he knew how to fly, even though he had no wings. And Ben said, I don't think a pig could fly if it doesn't have wings. And the pig said, look. And he jumped up and started to float through the middle of the Cheetah train on top of the other Orange Juice piggy. And just as he was floating, he said, Ben, you could float, too. And Ben said, people can't float, and they can't fly. But you know what? The piggy told Ben he had to look at his special shiny shoes with the holes in them. And Ben looked at his shiny shoes, and he saw that they had a jetpack. And all he had to do was stomp on the ground, and it activated his jet shoes. And then Ben used his jet shoes to fly in the air as fast as an airplane as he was flying through the cheetah train. And ben was having a lot of fun. But ben's dad said, ben, be careful because the cheetah train is not so big and it's not meant for people to jet around using jet shoes. And ben said, okay, dad, I'll be careful. And he held his dad's hand and his mom's hand, and he went on his using his jet shoes. He went right out of the train window. And he was flying around the underground train tunnel until he flew using his jet shoes, holding on to his mom and dad to the other side of the world. When he got to the other side of the world, ben noticed that all of the people were upside down. And he asked the people, why are you upside down? And they said, because the earth is round and we're on the bottom part. And ben told everyone that they needed to not be upside down. And they told ben that they were going to have to start walking on their heads. And ben told the people on the other side of the earth that they needed to walk on their hands instead so they'll be right side up. And everyone said, okay, we'll try. And ben handed out magical gloves that let everyone on the other side of the world walk on their hands. And then ben told them, gravity is going to help you stick to earth, so you don't have to worry about falling off. But it's important that you're not upside down. Because if they're upside down on the other side of the earth, then the ceiling might be the floor. And ben didn't want everyone's ceiling to be their floor. Yeah, but the earth goes around. And when they got to the top of the earth because the earth goes around, then those people get to be right side up, so they only have to do handstands. And the people on the other side of the earth only have to walk around their hands when it's nighttime because that's when they're on the bottom of the earth. And then ben told the people, and he gave magic gloves to make it easy for them. And they said, thank you so much. And then ben went back inside the train station, and he saw the cheetah train was ready for him to go back home. And he turned off his jet shoes, and he brought his parents inside the cheetah train. And they went racing on the cheetah train tracks all the way back to ben's house. And ben and his parents lived happily ever after. The End think for listening to makeup stories. The best podcast ever. Say your friends. Hi, my name is max. I live in denmark and I want to say hello to luca.