Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a princess named Aurelia. Aurelia wasn't a princess of a giant castle. She was a princess who lived in a regular house and was disguised as a regular girl. That meant that Aurelia wore regular girls' clothing, and none of her friends knew she was really a princess. The only one who knew her secret was her dog, Maximus. Maximus was a big, shaggy dog with bells on its neck, and whenever he walked around the house, he went, ding dong, ding dong.

Aurelia had a special game with Maximus because she was the secret princess of the house. She could tell him where to go, and he would fetch whatever she asked for. Sometimes, Aurelia asked Maximus to bring her toys. She could also ask him to get a princess dress because she knew she was really a princess. So, Aurelia asked Maximus to fetch her a princess dress, and he ran all the way to a princess dress store. Maximus returned with a beautiful dress and told Aurelia she could put it on.

When Aurelia put on her princess dress, her house magically transformed into a castle. Outside the castle, there were many birds, including kiwi birds. Kiwi birds are funny birds that don't fly but have big, silly bellies. They hopped around outside Princess Aurelia's new castle. Aurelia decided to let ostriches run in the garden too because her new castle had a maze. Kids, dogs, and even ostriches could go in the maze. Little toddlers could go in the maze too, as long as they went with their parents.

At the end of the maze, there was a magical grape inside a treasure box. When you opened the treasure box, a sound said, "Woohoo!" That meant you could take the treasure, which was the magical grape.

Aurelia got there first because it was her princess maze outside her princess castle. She put her hand on the grape, and it began to twinkle with little stars inside. Aurelia picked up the grape and looked at it closely. It seemed like there were little fireworks and tiny people inside the grape.

Aurelia grabbed a magnifying glass to see deeper into the grape. When she looked through it, she saw many tiny people, dogs, schools, buses, playgrounds, and swings inside the grape. There were so many wonderful things inside.

Aurelia decided not to eat the grape because it had a whole world inside it, and a princess wouldn't want to destroy that. She picked up the magic grape and told Maximus they needed to show it to the Kiwi birds, who knew a lot about magic grapes. Kiwi birds sometimes lived in forests where trees were made of grapes.

Aurelia and the Kiwi bird walked to the end of the castle, where they found a chicken with a magic wand and a cloth. The chicken said, "Give me the magic grape, Aurelia." The Kiwi bird told Aurelia it was okay to give the grape to the chicken. The chicken took the grape, hid it behind a curtain, and waved its magic wand, saying, "Avra keta avra." Suddenly, the curtain opened, revealing a fish tank full of mermaids. They were the ones living in the grape!

Aurelia realized it was really mermaids and sea animals that lived in the magic grape. She was so happy about this discovery that she told all her friends she had to leave the castle for a bit to tell her mom about the mermaids in the magic grape. And so, Aurelia and her family lived happily ever after. The end.