Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a princess whose name was Aurelia. Aurelia wasn't a princess of a giant castle. Aurelia was a princess who lived in a regular house and who was disguised as a regular girl. That meant that Aurelia used to wear regular girls' clothing, and all of Aurelia's friends didn't know that she was really a princess. The only one who knew that Aurelia was really a princess was Aurelia's dog, whose name was Maximus. Maximus was a big shaggy dog with bells on its neck, and whenever Maximus would walk around Aurelia's house, it would go, ding dong, ding dong.

Aurelia had a game because she was the secret princess of the house that she could tell the dog wherever she wanted it to go, and then the dog would have to get whatever she said. So sometimes, Aurelia would ask the dog to bring her toys. She could tell her dog to get the princess dress because she already knew she was really a princess. And so, Aurelia asked her dog Maximus to get her a princess dress, and her dog went running outside all the way to a princess dress store. The dog came home with a princess dress and told Aurelia that she could put it on.

So Aurelia put on her princess dress, and after she put on her princess dress, she saw that her house transformed into a castle. Outside of the castle, there were so many birds. Some of the birds were kiwi birds. Kiwi birds are birds that don't fly but have big silly bellies. The kiwi birds were hopping around right outside of Princess Aurelia's new castle. Princess Aurelia decided that she would let ostriches also run in the garden outside of her castle because, in the garden outside of Aurelia's new princess castle, she had a maze. Kids could go in the maze, dogs could go in the maze, and ostriches could go in the maze. Sometimes even little toddlers could go in the maze, and they wouldn't get lost because they would go with their parents.

At the end of the maze, which was by Aurelia's princess castle, there was a magical grape. The magical grape was in a treasure box. So after you walked to the end of the maze, you got to open up the treasure box. When you opened up the treasure box, there was a sound that said, "Woohoo." And after the sound said, "Woohoo," that meant that you got to get the treasure, which was a magical grape.

Well, Aurelia got there first because it was her princess maze outside of her princess castle, and she put her hand on the grape. When she put her hand on the grape, she saw that the grape began to twinkle, and it also looked like it had little stars inside it. Aurelia picked up the grape, and she looked at it more closely. She saw that it looked like there were little fireworks inside of the grape, and inside of the grape, it looked like there were lots of little people.

Aurelia picked up the grape, and she got a magnifying glass because she wanted to see deeper into the grape. When Aurelia picked up a magnifying glass and looked with her princess eyes through the grape, do you know what she saw? She saw so many people and so many dogs, and they were little people and little dogs, and they were all living inside the grape. There was a school inside the grape, and there were buses inside the grape, and there was even playgrounds inside the grape, and there were swings inside the grape. There were so many nice things inside the grape.

Aurelia said, "I shouldn't eat this grape because it has so many little people and little dogs and little buses inside it, and a princess wouldn't want to destroy a real place." So Aurelia picked up the magic grape, and she told her special dog, whose name was Maximus, that they needed to go back to the entrance of the castle and bring the grape with them to show it to the Kiwi birds because Kiwi birds know a lot about magic grapes. Kiwi birds sometimes live in forests where the trees are made of grapes.

Aurelia and the Kiwi bird walked to the end of the castle, and at the end of the castle, there was a chicken. The chicken had a magic wand and a cloth. The chicken said, "Give me the magic grape, Aurelia." The Kiwi bird told Aurelia that she could really give the magic grape to the chicken. The chicken picked the magic grape up, and it put it behind a curtain. Then the chicken waved its magic chicken wand and said, "Avra keta avra." Suddenly, just as Aurelia was trying to look as hard as she could, the curtain opened, and there was a fish tank full of mermaids. It was the mermaids that lived in the grape.

So Aurelia realized that it was really mermaids that lived in the magic grape. Aurelia was so happy at this discovery; she told all of her friends that she had to leave the castle a little bit to tell her mom that she found out it was really mermaids and sea animals that were in the magic grape. And Aurelia and her family lived happily ever after. The end.