Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Billy. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Aurelia, and I live in Kobe, Oregon, and I'll be for years old. And I want your story about a dog named Maximus, and the story and the magic rape and the kiwi bird that's real. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Orillia, who lives in Corbett, Oregon, and who turns four years old today on January 22. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Aurelia. Happy birthday, Aylia and Orlia asked for us to make up a story about a dog named Maximus, a kiwi bird, and a magic grape. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a princess whose name was Aurelia. Aurelia wasn't a princess of a giant castle. Aurelia was a princess who lived in a regular house and who is disguised as a regular girl. And that meant that Aurelia used to wear regular girls clothing. And all of Aurelia's friends didn't know that she was really a princess. The only one who knew that Aurelia was really a princess was Aurelia's dog, whose name was Maximus. Maximus was a big shaggy dog with bells on its neck. And whenever Maximus would walk around Orlia's house, it would go, ding dong, ding dong. And Orlia had a game, because she was the secret princess of the house that she could tell the dog wherever she wanted it to go, and then the dog would have to get whatever she said. So sometimes Aurelia would ask the dog to bring her toys. Why she could tell her to get the princess dress, because she didn't. She already knew. Yes. And so Aurelia asked her dog Maximus to get her a princess dress, because she knew she was really a princess. And her dog went running outside all the way to a princess dress store. And the dog came home with a princess dress. And the dog told Aurelia that she could put it on. So Aurelia put on her princess dress, and after she put on her princess dress, she saw that her house transformed into a castle. Outside of the castle, there were so many birds. Some of the birds were kiwi birds. Kiwi birds are birds that don't fly, but have big silly bellies. And the kiwi birds were hopping around right outside of Princess Aurelia's new castle. And Princess Aurelia decided that she would let Ostriches also run in the garden outside of her castle, because in the garden outside of Aurelia's new princess castle, she had a maze. And kids could go in the maze, and dogs could go in the maze, and Ostriches could go in the maze. Sometimes even little toddlers could go in the maze, and they wouldn't get lost because they would go with their parents. At the end of the maze, which was by Aurelius princess castle, there was a magical grape. The magical grape was in a treasure box. So after you walked to the end of the maze, you got to open up the treasure box. And when you opened up the treasure box, there was a sound that said, Woohoo. And after the sound said, Woo. Who. Then that meant that you got to get the treasure, which was a magical grape. Well, Aurelia got there first because it was her princess maze outside of her princess castle, and she put her hand on the grape, and when she put her hand on the grape, she saw that the grape began to twinkle, and it also looked like it had little stars inside it. And Orlia picked up the grape, and she looked at it more closely. She saw that it looked like there were little fireworks inside of the grape. And inside of the grape, it looked like there were lots of little people. And Orlia picked up the grape, and she got a magnifying glass because she wanted to see deeper into the grape. And when Aurelia picked up a magnifying glass and looked with her princess eyes through the grape, do you know what she saw? What? She saw? There were so many people and so many dogs, and they were little people and little dogs, and they were all living inside the grape. And there was a school inside the grape, and there were buses inside the grape, and there was even playgrounds inside the grape, and there were swings inside the grape. And there were so many nice things inside the grape. And Aurelia said, I shouldn't eat this grape because it has so many little people and little dogs and little buses inside it, and a princess wouldn't want to destroy a real place. So Aurelia picked up the magic grape, and she told her special dog, whose name was Maximus, that they needed to go back to the entrance of the castle and bring the grape with them to show it to the Kiwi birds, because Kiwi birds know a lot about magic grapes. Kiwi birds sometimes live in forests where the trees are made of grapes. And so Orlia got backed out of the maze, and she brought the magical grape, which you could look inside of and see tiny little people in, and she brought that grape all the way to the Kiwi birds. And there was one Kiwi bird who was in charge. And the Kiwi bird that was in charge had a long stick, and it wore a big coat, even though it wasn't cold outside. And that Kiwi bird also wore mittens, and it had boots on. It was a very silly Kiwi bird, but that Kiwi bird was in charge of everything. And so Aurelia asked the Kiwi bird, do you know what this magic grape is? And the kiwi bird said, my name is Wisawasa. And Wisawasa is a Kiwi bird that comes from a forest made of grapes. And in the forest made of grapes, there are lots of grape eggs, and inside the grape eggs, there are baby chickens, and inside some of the grape eggs, there are baby people. And the way that babies get in Mama's bellies is from the little grapes in this forest. And Aurelia said she wasn't sure if the Kiwi bird was right. And the Kiwi Bird said, that's why you see so many little people inside of the grapes. And Orlia said, oh, but why are there doggies? And a Kiwi bird said that, also, grapes can be used to have all sorts of wonderful imaginary things come to life. And Aurelius said, well, can I bite on the grape? And the Kiwi bird said, those grapes are not to eat. If you want the people to come out of the grape, then the way you could make the people come out of the grape is you have to bring it to the end of the castle. And Orlia asked if she could go with the Kiwi Bird to the end of the castle, and the Kiwi Bird said, okay. And Orlia and the Kiwi Bird walked to the end of the castle, and in the end of the castle, there was a chicken. And the chicken had a magic wand, and it also had a cloth. The chicken said, Give me the magic grape, Aurelia. And the Kiwi bird told Aurelia that she could really give the magic grape to the chicken. And the chicken picked the magic grape up, and it put it behind a curtain. And then the chicken waved his magic chicken wand and said, avra keta avra. And suddenly, just as Aurelia was trying to look as hard as she could, the curtain opened, and there became a fish tank, which was full of mermaids. It was the mermaids that lived in the grape. So Aurelia realized that really, it was mermaids that lived in the magic grape. And Aurelia was so happy at this discovery, she told all of her friends that she had to leave the castle a little bit to tell her mom that she found out. Really, it was mermaids and sea animals that were in the magic grape. And Aurelia and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. I want to announce a new special thing for kids. If you're a kid and you want to tell everyone that, listens to makeup stories, something special that happened to you today, then tell your parents to visit Facebook.com makeup stories, and then you could record the special thing that happened to you today and tell everyone.