Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Millie. Millie lived in a regular house in St. Louis, Missouri. But one day, when it was time for bath time and Millie opened up her bathroom door, she could see that her regular bathtub was gone. And instead of her regular bathtub, there was a green bathtub with yellow dots all over it. And the bathtub had a big cover on top of it. It was a blanket cover, and the blanket cover had pictures of dinosaurs. So Millie went to her parents, and she said, "Mom, Dad, what happened to our bathtub? It's gone. And now there's one with dots on it and with a dinosaur blankie on top of it." And Millie's parents said that while Millie was sleeping the night before, there was a worker person who knocked on the door and who told them that she could install a special kind of magic bathtub. And Millie's parents said that while Millie was sleeping, that worker person installed the bathtub in their bathroom for Millie to try out. So Millie asked if she could go in the special bathtub with a dinosaur blanket on top of it. And Millie's parents said okay.

So Millie went into the bathtub. When she got inside, she saw there was no water, but that the blanket was starting to spin around on top of her and that the bathtub was getting bigger and bigger. And when she got out of the bathtub, she saw that it was the olden days. Millie's parents were still with her, but their house was gone. Only the magical bathtub remained with the dinosaur blankie on top of it. So Millie pulled off the dinosaur blankie, and she looked up outside, and she could see that there were a lot of bushes. And there were also dinosaurs that were walking around. The dinosaurs were not such big dinosaurs. They were the kinds of dinosaurs that looked like they used to be toys. But the dinosaurs were real. They were walking about. And some of the dinosaurs were meowing like cats. Some of the dinosaurs were woofing like dogs. And there was one dinosaur that whenever it tried to roar, all that would happen is it would make tweet tweet sounds like a bird.

So Millie got out of her bath, and she held her parents' hands, and she said that it was time for them to explore the magical world. So Millie and her parents walked around, and they could see that there were some little alligators also. And they could also see that there were some kinds of old fish. But the fish weren't swimming in water. The fish were swimming through the air. The earth looked a little bit different. The sky wasn't blue. The sky was green. And the water all around them looked very special, because in the water, there were twinkly stars, just like you could see at night in outer space. Millie told her parents that the magical bathtub took them back to the olden days and that they were seeing what the world looked like when dinosaurs used to rule the earth.

The dinosaurs that were walking around had little dinosaur houses, and the dinosaur houses looked like big bird's nests because there were lots of little twigs and stuff. And the dinosaur moms and dads had little dinosaur eggs that were inside of the twigs. The eggs that were on the nests were rolling around and spinning about. And whenever an egg would spin really fast, a new dinosaur would come out. Well, Millie walked with her parents to one of the big dinosaur nests. It was surrounded by a bunch of dinosaurs that looked like they used to be big dinosaur toys. And Millie could see that one of the dinosaur eggs in the big dinosaur nest was starting to hatch. And out of the egg came a dinosaur whose name was Sharptooth. The dinosaur was born with really big teeth. The dinosaur had teeth in its mouth, but it also had teeth on its tail. And the dinosaur was really happy to see Millie. The dinosaur named Sharptooth saw Millie even before it saw its mom. And the dinosaur walked up to Millie and it said, "Are you my mama?" And Millie said no. But the dinosaur didn't understand Millie because the dinosaur didn't speak English. So the dinosaur crawled up into Millie's arms, and it said, "Could you hold me?" And Millie said okay. And then the dinosaur said that it wanted a bottle because it was thirsty, and sometimes even baby dinosaurs need to drink from bottles. Millie said that she didn't have a bottle, but just as she said that, she looked at her hand, and she saw that a bottle automatically appeared. And the bottle was full of milk. It was full of dinosaur milk. So Millie held the bottle, and she let the little cute dinosaur named Sharptooth drink from the bottle. As she held the dinosaur and rocked it back and forth and said, "You're a good dinosaur. You're alive. I love you." And Millie's parents told Millie that if she were a dinosaur mama for real, she would be a really good mama. But Millie reminded her parents that these dinosaurs used to be pretend dinosaurs, like toys. And it was only the bathtub that she went in with the dinosaur blankie on top of it that made them real.

Well, as Millie was holding the dinosaur and rocking it back and forth, the dinosaur closed its little dinosaur eyes and it fell asleep. Once the dinosaur fell asleep, it started snowing from the sky. And as it started to snow, all of the other little dinosaurs decided to have fun. And the dinosaurs started to play tag, and they would say, "You're it." And then the dinosaurs would try to run away from each other. Millie really wanted to play the game, but she also knew that she had to keep holding and rocking the dinosaur baby that she was holding because it was tired and it needed to sleep. Finally, Millie decided to put Sharptooth down. And when she put Sharptooth down, she changed, and Millie became a princess. And Millie's name changed from Millie, and her new name was Princess Rosie. Princess Rosie was an olden days Princess who was a princess of all of the dinosaurs. And the dinosaurs were starting to make snow forts and igloos and snowballs, and they were starting to make big dinosaur footprints in the snow when Millie told them, "You have to be quiet because Sharptooth is still sleeping." And all of the dinosaurs saw that Millie was now Princess Rosie, and they decided to be quiet.

Well, the little dinosaur named Sharptooth woke up, and so Millie picked it up again and said, "You're a good dinosaur." And Millie closed her eyes as she was holding the dinosaur named Sharptooth. And when she opened up her eyes again, she was back in her bathtub in St. Louis, Missouri, and she pulled off the dinosaur cover again, and she saw that she was back home and that the dinosaur world disappeared. But the little dinosaur named Sharptooth was still in her bathtub with her, and Millie was really a princess, and she lived happily ever after with her family. The end.