Once upon a time, there was a big boy named Billy. Billy lived with his family in a village. The village had lots of little houses, and each house had a little red fence in front of it. Every house in the village also had a small doggy house in front for their pet dogs. The dogs in the village lived in these doggy houses, and they all had ropes attached to them so they couldn't wander too far away.

One day, Billy thought that maybe the dogs didn't want to be attached to ropes and doggy houses, and maybe they wanted to be set free. So, Billy found some scissors in his parents' room and went to his doggy house. He used the scissors to cut the rope and set his dog free. Then, he went to his neighbor's house and set their dog free too. He continued freeing dogs in the village until all of them were off their leashes.

The next morning, everyone in the village woke up and started cooking bacon and eggs for breakfast. As they were cooking, they heard a lot of barking because all the dogs were no longer in their doggy houses and wanted to eat breakfast too.

Billy decided to tell his mom what he did, but he didn't want to get in trouble. He went to his mom's room and said, "Mom, while dad is cooking breakfast, I need to tell you something important." Billy's mom asked, "What did you do?" Billy tried to explain, but his mom couldn't understand him at first. Finally, she saw the scissors in Billy's pocket and realized what he had done.

Billy told his mom that he set the dogs free because he thought they would be happier. His mom looked out the window and saw that there were many dogs outside, all waiting for bacon and eggs.

Billy's mom came up with an idea to solve the problem. She suggested they build one big dog house for all the dogs to live in together and give them hot dogs to eat. Billy agreed, and they built the big dog house.

The next day, all the dogs moved into the big doggy house, and Billy told everyone in the village that the dogs didn't need to be on ropes anymore. Everyone agreed, and they made Billy the chief explorer of the village. Billy decided to take all the dogs on an adventure into the forest.

Billy led the dogs through the forest, giving them commands like "red light" to stop, "green light" to go, and "yellow light" to go slowly. He even made up a command called "purple light" that made the dogs do a silly dance.

As they were exploring, they found a cheetah named Chippy with a thorn stuck in its paw. The dogs tried to help Chippy, but they couldn't get the thorn out. So, they asked Billy for help.

Billy didn't have any tools to remove the thorn, but he wanted to help Chippy save another baby cheetah that was lost on the other side of a lake. They needed a way to cross the lake, but there was no boat or way to swim across.

Suddenly, they heard a hissing sound and saw a giant snake named Annie the Anaconda. At first, they were scared, but Annie turned out to be friendly and wanted to help. Billy asked Annie to stretch across the lake like a bridge, and they all walked across her back to the other side.

They found the baby cheetah and brought it back to Chippy. The baby cheetah used its teeth to remove the thorn from Chippy's paw. Chippy thanked Billy and the dogs, and they all said goodbye as Chippy took the baby cheetah home.

Billy and the dogs returned to the village and told everyone about their adventure. The dogs were happy that Billy set them free and that they now lived in the big dog house together. Billy went home to his family, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.