Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. Get ready to listen to fun and non scary stories that I make up on the fly without preparing. I tell these stories to my five year old son as part of his bedtime routine. Thanks for listening. Okay, so this story is about a boy, a family, a cheetah, and an anaconda. Once upon a time, there was a big boy whose name was Billy. And Billy lived with his family in a village. The village had lots of little houses and each of the houses had little red fences in front of them. And every house in this village had a little house in front of it just for doggies. And the doggies in the village lived in doggy houses and they all had ropes attached to them so they couldn't go too far away from the doggy houses. Well, one day there was a big boy named Billy in the village who decided that maybe all the doggies didn't want to be attached to ropes and attached to the doggy houses, and maybe they wanted to be set free. So Billy went to his mom and dad's bedroom and found some scissors. Then he went in front of his house to the little doggy house and used the scissors to cut the rope and he let the doggie free. And then he went over to his neighbor's house and let that doggie free by cutting that rope as well. And he kept freeing different doggies in the village until all of the doggies were off the leash. And then everyone in the village woke up because it was breakfast time and they all started cooking bacon and eggs for breakfast. And just as everyone in the village started cooking bacon and eggs for breakfast, they heard a lot of woof woofing because all of the doggies weren't by their doggy houses and they all wanted to eat bacon and eggs. Well, Billy decided to tell his mom what he did, but he didn't want to get in trouble. So he went over to his mom's room and said, mom, while dad is cooking breakfast, I need to tell you something important. And Billy's mama said, Billy, what did you do? And Billy said and Billy's mama said, what are you trying to say? Are you trying to say sit? And Billy said no. And Billy's mama said, Are you trying to say sizzle? And Billy said no. Scissors. And Billy's mama said, did you take my scissors? And Billy looked away and his mama saw that in Billy's pocket there were some scissors. Well, Billy decided to tell his mama what he did because he didn't want all the doggies to just run around. So he told his mom that he tried to set the doggies free, so he had to cut them off of the ropes. And now all of the doggies were waiting outside all of the houses in the village to get bacon and eggs. And billy's mama looked out the window and saw that indeed there were 20 different dogs in a pack with a lot of them all together woof woofing and waiting for bacon and eggs. So Billy's mama said, well, I have an idea for how we could save the day. And Billy said, what should we do? And Billy's mom said, how about we build one big dog house for all of the dogs to live in together? And then we bring a lot of hot dogs for the dogs to eat because hot dogs have meat in them and that rhymes with dog hot dog. And Billy's mom said, that's not really a rhyme. It just sounds the same. And Billy said, Whatever, Mom. Well, all the dogs the next day gathered together and lived in the big doggy house. And Billy announced to everyone in the village that the dogs didn't have to be on ropes anymore. And everyone said okay. Well, everyone thought that Billy was so good at having adventures, so they told him he could be the chief explorer in the village. And the next day, Billy said that he was going to take all of the doggies on a trip into the forest. And everyone said okay. And Billy told the dogs to march single file behind him, and they had to follow in a line. And if he said red light to the doggies, then the doggies had to stop. And if he said green light to the doggies, then the doggies had to go. And if he said yellow light to the doggies, it meant the doggies had to go slowly. And Billy also said that there's a rule. If he says purple light to the doggies, then the doggies have to do a silly, silly doggy dance. Well, Billy started going through the forest, and he said, green light. So all the doggies were going through him. They passed by a lake, and Billy decided it was a good time to have a doggy dance. So he said, purple light. And all the doggies did a silly woof woof waggy tail dance. And they had a lot of fun. But just as they were having so much fun, they saw a cheetah that had a boo boo on one of its feet. And the cheetah couldn't go so fast. And the cheetah was able to talk to the doggies. And the cheetah said to the doggies, my name is Chippy the Cheetah, and I'm a friendly cheetah. I was walking to try to help a little cheetah, and while I was walking, I got a big thorn stuck in my paw, and now I can't walk so good. And all of the doggies said, well, we could try to take it out. And the doggies tried to lick the cheetah's paw, chippy cheetah's paw. But they couldn't get it out. So the doggies went up to Billy and asked for help. Well, Billy didn't have any tweezers on him, and he had no scissors, so he didn't know how to take it out. Well, the cheetah saw that the other chippy the cheetah saw that the cheetah he was trying to save was on the other side of the lake all by himself and couldn't get home. So Chippy cheetah told the doggies to tell Billy that he needed some help getting to the other side of the lake. And the doggies told Billy that the chippy cheetah needs help saving the other cheetah that's on the other side of the lake because the other baby cheetah is all alone and scared and needs his mama. Well, Billy decided the best way to get across the lake was to have a rowboat and to row across the lake. But there was no rowboat there, and there's no oars and no way to swim across the lake. Suddenly, while Billy was thinking of ideas, he heard something go hiss, hiss, hiss. And all the doggies started woof woofing when they heard that noise. And they saw it was the biggest snake in the world. And the snake's name was Annie the anaconda. And the snake went. And at first, Billy was worried that this snake, the big anaconda named Annie, would eat up the doggies. But instead, Annie the anaconda said that she's a friendly anaconda snake and she wanted to help. And so Billy said to his doggies, tell Annie the anaconda that she should stretch out from one side of the lake all the way to the other side of the lake because anacondas are the longest snakes in the world. And then it could be like a bridge. The next longest name bulld is the boa instructor. That's right. The next longest snake is a boa constrictor. Well, that's also a very long stake. Well, both of them could squeeze until die. That's right. Well, Annie the anaconda decided to be such a friendly snake, and it let the doggies and Chippy the cheetah and Billy walk on her back all the way to the other side of the lake, where the other cheetah, the baby cheetah, was lost in all alone. And they went to save the baby cheetah and brought the baby cheetah back to Chippy cheetah. And Chippy cheetah told the baby cheetah that he tried to save her but had a little thing stuck in his paw thorn, which would hurt so much. A thorn is like a big splinter, but it comes from plants, and it's sharp. And Chippy Cheetah was very pleased when the little cheetah took the thorn out by biting it with its cheetah teeth. And then Chippy cheetah felt better and told Billy and all the doggies bye bye because it took the baby cheetah home to its mama and daddy. And Billy the cheetah said, thank you very much to the nice anaconda named Annie. And Annie the anaconda went away and swam into the lake. And then Billy went home with the doggies after Billy got home late because as long as all house rooms, I think anacondas could grow to be I'm not sure exactly, but maybe about 15ft long. That's as long as, like, one house room or maybe two. But this wasn't such a big lake. Well, in any event, Billy decided to bring the doggies home because their adventure was over. And when he brought all the doggies home to the big doggy house in the village, all of the people from the village and all of Billy's friends and everyone from his school was there. And he told them their adventure story of how he met a cheetah that had a paw that had a thorn in it. And there was an anaconda named Annie who helped them get to the other side of the lake to save a different cheetah. And they all went home after that. All the doggies were so happy that Billy set them free and that they now lived in this big, big house altogether. And Billy went home to his mama and daddy and lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. If you want me to make up a special story for you, then tell me three special things you want to be in the story and your name and write a review. I'll make up a special story just for you.