Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Palace. Palace lived in a magical forest made entirely of flowers. There were no trees, just flowers. Some flowers were small and yellow, some were big and red. Some flowers were green and grew legs, while others could walk and even talk! There were even flowers that could skate on things, gliding on top of little floaty things on the ground.

The flower forest that Palace lived in was full of wonderful sights. Friendly caterpillars as big as snakes lived there. Some caterpillars carried umbrellas even when it wasn't rainy, and others dressed up like kings and queens. There were also other silly creatures, like colorful grasshoppers with a special switch. When you turned on the grasshopper switch, they would light up!

Now, you might wonder if the switch could burn the grasshopper. But the grasshopper switch didn't use electricity like a regular switch. It used a special kind of magic. A long time ago, a princess with a magic wand created these grasshoppers. She used the tip of her wand to create the on and off switch for the lights. So, the grasshoppers didn't need batteries or electricity. They were just touched by the magic wand, and you could touch the switch to make them light up in different colors as they hopped through the flower forest.

The flower forest also had really colorful birds. Some birds had four or even five wings! They used to fly so high. There were birds that lived underground and even birds with no wings that could swim. There were several different kinds of funny fish too. The first kind of funny fish could turn into a frog, then a turtle, and finally a kitty cat. Every time this creature transformed, it eventually turned into a flower. So, all the flowers in the flower forest used to be these special fish that came from frogs and turned into flowers after a long, long time.

One day, Palace was walking around the forest with her mom and dad when she noticed a mirror on the ground. Usually, there are no mirrors on forest grounds, just dirt. Palace told her parents to look, and when they did, they saw their faces with masks on them. The masks covered their mouths and noses and sometimes floated in the air above the mirror. The masks were dancing masks that loved going on different flowers. They would touch a flower petal, kick off, and float through the air to another flower. Sometimes, they would even go back on a person by themselves. These magical masks were a lot of fun to play with.

But that wasn't the only thing in the flower forest. When Palace looked at the mirror and saw the floating mask, she also saw a big cupcake in the sky. From far away, it looked like a cloud, but up close, it was a cupcake-shaped cloud. If you looked closely with your owl eyes, you could see that the clouds had sprinkles on them and were giant cupcakes in the sky above the flower forest. These cupcakes were special because instead of raining rain, they rained sprinkles. Rainbow sprinkles would fall on the flower forest from the cupcake clouds. That's why the caterpillars had umbrellas - they were worried about sprinkles falling on them! But the sprinkle rain was a lot of fun for all the kids in the flower forest. There were snowmobiles that could ride on top of sprinkles and big trucks that helped move the sprinkles out of the way. Whenever kids wanted sprinkles on ice cream or anything yummy, there was enough for everyone, and it was free!

Palace loved living in the flower forest. But one day, someone decided they wanted to live on top of all the flowers. A caterpillar who lived in the forest said that wouldn't be nice because the person would be too heavy for the flowers, and they might fall down. So Palace had to be the judge and decide who was right. Was the caterpillar right that the person shouldn't live on top of the flower, or was the person right that they could live on top of a beautiful, colorful flower that was so high it reached the cupcake cloud?

The caterpillar and the person came up to Palace. The caterpillar said it wasn't fair for the person to live there because the flower might fall, and that's not good for the forest. The person said it would be so fun to live in the flower. Judge Palace decided it wasn't fair for the person to live on top of the flower. Instead, they could find a different flower that wasn't so high up and was already kind of old. They could use the flower petals to make a flower house. The person agreed that it was a fair decision, and Judge Palace did a good job.

Palace, the person, and the caterpillar collected fallen flower petals and built the most beautiful flower house in the whole flower forest. Everyone who lived in the forest was happy again. They all cheered for Palace, the good judge who lived in their town. Palace and her family lived happily ever after in the magical flower forest. The end.