Welcome to made up stories. This is Ferrari from London. My name is Pash, and I learned her on her, and I'm four years old. And I would like a story about a cupcake, a mask, and flowers. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story be is a request from a girl named palace who lives in Toronto, Canada, and who turned four years old last week on June 3. And so we want to say, happy birthday, palace. Happy birthday, palace. And palace asked for us to make up a story that includes a cupcake, a mask, and some flowers. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was palace. Palace lived in a forest that was made up of flowers. There were no trees in the forest, just flowers. Some of the flowers were yellow and small. Some were red and large. Some of the flowers were green, and they grew legs. And some of the flowers could walk. There were some flowers that could talk. And there were even flowers that were able to kind of skate on things. Like they would find little floaty things on the ground, and they would be able to just glide on top of them. Well, the flower forest that palace lived in was home to many wonderful sights. There were caterpillars that lived there that were as big as snakes, and they were friendly caterpillars. Some of the caterpillars liked to bring umbrellas with them even when it wasn't rainy. And some of the caterpillars dressed up like kings and queens. And there were also other silly creatures. For example, there were grasshoppers. And the grasshoppers were so colorful, and they had a kind of switch on them. And when you turned on the grasshopper switch, they would light up. Yeah, bud, what happens if something happened and then the switch burned the grasshopper? Well, the grasshopper switch didn't use electricity like a regular switch. It used a special kind of thing. When those kinds of grasshoppers in this forest were first created, it was because a long time ago, there was a princess that had a magic wand. And the princess used the tip of her magic wand to create a little part of the grasshopper that was the on and off switch for the lights. And so the grasshoppers didn't need batteries, and they didn't use ElectriCities. They were just touched by the magic wand, and you could just touch the on and off switch, and the grasshoppers would light up in different colors as they would hop through the flower forest. The flower forest also had really colorful birds. Some of the birds that lived there had four, even five wings. The birds used to fly so high, and there were some kinds of birds that lived under the ground. There were even birds in the flower forest that had no wings and that can swim. There were several different kinds of funny fish. The first kind of funny fish was a fish that could also turn into a frog. And then when it was a frog, it could turn into a turtle. And then after it was a turtle, it could turn into a kitty cat. And so every time that kind of thing died, it just became a new thing and eventually it turned into a flower. And so all of the flowers in the flower forest used to originally be the kind of fish that came from a frog, and they turned into flowers after a long, long time. Well, one day, palace was walking around the forest with her mom and with her dad, and palace noticed that there was a mirror on the ground of the forest. And usually there's no mirrors on the grounds of forests. Usually it's just dirt. And so palace told her parents to look. And when palace and her parents looked in the mirrors, they could see their face. But their faces had masks on them. And the masks that their faces had on them went over their mouths and over their noses. And sometimes it would jump off and the mask would float in the air on top of the mirror as palace and her parents would look at it. The mask was a kind of dancing mask. And the dancing mask used to love going on different kinds of flowers. So it would go to one flower and then touch the flower's petal, and then it would kind of kick off of the flower petal and the mask would float through the air to a different flower, and sometimes it would go back on a person by itself. They were magical kinds of masks and they were a lot of fun to play with. But that wasn't the only thing in the flower forest, because palace, when she looked at the mirror and she saw the floating mask, she also saw that in the sky of the flower forest, there was a big cupcake. The cupcake, if you were looking from far away, it looked like it was just cloud in the sky. But if you looked closely at the cloud, the cloud is really the shape of a cupcake. And if you put on your owl eyes and you kind of put your hands around your eyes so you could see through your fingers, and then you looked at the clouds, you can see that the clouds had sprinkles on them and were giant cupcakes in the sky on top of the flower forest. And those cupcakes were the best kinds of cupcakes because instead of raining rain, like regular kinds of clouds, they would rain sprinkles. And rainbow sprinkles would always fall on top of the cupcake, on top of the flower forest, coming from the cupcake clouds. And that's why, after all, the caterpillars had those umbrellas, it was because they were worried about sprinkles falling on them. But the sprinkles falling was actually a lot of fun for all the kids that lived in the flower forest because there were kind of snowmobiles that could go on top of sprinkles, and there were big trucks that helped move the sprinkles out of the way. And whenever kids wanted sprinkles on like ice cream or anything yummy, there was enough for everyone and it was free. You didn't even have to pay money. Palace loved living in the flower forest. But one day somebody decided that they want to live in the flower forest on top of all of the flowers. And a caterpillar who lived in the forest said that wouldn't be nice, because if the person lived on top of the flowers, then that would weigh too much for the flowers and the flowers might fall down. So palace told the person that she had to be the judge and she had to decide who was right. Was the caterpillar right that the person shouldn't live on top of the flower, or was the person right and they could live on top of a beautiful colorful flower that was so high, it went really high in the sky, close to the cupcake cloud. Well, the caterpillar came up to palace and so did the person. And the caterpillar said, it's not fair. It's not fair. If the person lives there, then the flower might fall, and that's not good for the forest. And the person said, but palace, but palace, it's such a nice place to live. It would be so fun to live in the flower. And Judge Palace decided she made a decision that it wasn't fair for the person to live on top of the flower. But instead of living on top of that flower, they could find a different flower that wasn't so high up and that was already kind of old, and they could use the flower petals to make a flower house. And the person decided that was a fair decision. And Judge Palace did a good job. And palace then helped the person, and the caterpillar did also, as the person collected a lot of fallen flower petals and built the most beautiful flower house in the whole flower forest. All of the people who lived in the forest were happy again. And all of them were saying, Palace, palace, because all of them were so happy to have such a good judge who lived in their town. And palace and her family lived happily ever after. The end.