Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They went on a hike with their parents to see a big mountain that had a glacier on it, which is like a huge pile of ice and snow. As they were hiking up the mountain, there was a trail that they were following, and there were tall trees on both sides of them. Suddenly, there was an earthquake, and the trees started shaking. They lifted up out of the ground and flew away off the side of a cliff.

On the ground by the trail, you could see all of the empty holes where the trees were and the little tunnels where the tree's roots were. Suddenly, there were lots of bugs that started to come out of the tunnels where the tree's roots used to be. Jesse asked if the bugs were coming out of the tunnels because of the earthquake, but the bugs didn't look like regular bugs, because all of the bugs were yellow and blue.

You know how some people say that for every animal that there is on the ground, there's also a similar fish in the sea. Like, for example, there's a horse that's on the ground, and there's also a seahorse that lives in the sea. It's the same with bugs. Not everyone has discovered all of them. But for every kind of animal that there is on the ground, there's also a similar kind of bug. Like, there's a dog bug that lives deep underground. And there's a kitty bug that has a little kitty tail, but it's so small that it can't even make any noise or meow like a cat. Normally these kinds of bugs live deep underground, which is why people don't see them so much. But the earthquake shook the ground so much that they all started to come out of the ground, and they started to go on the trail because they didn't want to stay in the ground anymore.

There was one kind of bug that is kind of like a helicopter bug. It doesn't have wings. It has propellers on top, and it looks a little bit like its face is like a bee, and it has yellow and black stripes just like a bee. But instead of flying with wings, it flies kind of like a helicopter. The helicopter bug, instead of making honey, it likes to make a kind of thing that's kind of like ice cream, but it's strawberry flavored. Just like bees are the only bugs that could make honey, helicopter bugs are the only kinds of bugs that could make this strawberry kind of ice cream. Most people haven't tasted it because the only people that could taste it are the people that work in mines and stuff and go deep underground because that's the only place where these bugs are in caves because they have to fly a little bit and they also have to live underground. They make a little kind of yellow light where their yellow stripe is, and a kind of black light where their black stripe is.

All of those helicopter bugs started to surround Jonah and Jesse because they saw that Jonah and Jesse had some candy and lollipops from their hike. Those helicopter bugs really like to eat candy because they need that sugar to turn it into the strawberry ice cream. But Jesse and Jonah had never seen these helicopter bugs before, so they started to run up the trail, but there was no escaping because helicopter bugs go really fast. That is when Jesse said, "Help! Help!" And Steve came running to the rescue.

What Steve decided to do is he got a water bottle and he threw the water on the helicopter bugs, and the water made their propellers get wet, and it was hard for them to fly, so they stopped chasing Jonah and Jesse up the trail. But the farther up the trail that Jonah and Jesse got, the more different kind of bugs that they saw come out of the ground because of the earthquake.

There was one kind of bug that looked a little bit like a cow, because this was a cow bug. The cow bug is a kind of bug that makes teensy tiny drops of milk. The milk that this cow bug makes, it makes in eggs. So it makes little bitty, bitty eggs, and the eggs have milk in them. A lot of the cow bugs altogether make so many eggs, and altogether, it can make a lot of milk. But if it's just one teeny tiny egg, then that could be enough for like, an ant to eat or a cockroach or a little bug, but definitely not enough for a person.

When Jonah saw those cow bugs, that's like just a crumb. Yeah, it would just be like a crumb. So when Jonah and Jesse saw the cow bugs, that's when they had an idea to try to catch some of the cow bugs in the empty water bottle that their dad had for the hike. And then they could bring home some of the cow bugs and make like, a cage with the cow bugs. And then the cow bugs could make a lot of eggs. And then whenever they wanted milk, they wouldn't have to go to the grocery store. They could just hatch open the eggs and there would be milk inside.

Jesse got the water bottle ready and the cow bugs all marched inside because cow bugs are not so smart and they didn't even know it was a trap. Cow bugs don't have big brains. Their brains are so teensy and tiny, and they all just marched right in and they got caught in the water bottle. And then Jesse and Jonah decided they should probably go back down the mountain because there were too many different kinds of bugs. And let's say there was different. Like if there's a helicopter bug that could try to attack them and turn and eat all their food and turn their food into this strawberry kind of ice cream, then what other kind of bugs could there even be?

So Jonah and Jesse decided it was time for them to go down the mountain. And they started heading back down the trail when suddenly Jesse saw that there were some different kinds of bugs that wore shoes. Now, obviously, shoes have to be really big because they're like, for people feet. Bugs have little feet. And the kind of shoes that these bugs wore were so small, they were like the size of a crumb. And they weren't made out of the regular material that shoes are made out of. They were made out of a little tiny piece of dirt. But if you looked closely, you could see that there were shoelaces on it. And then they had different kinds. And bugs have lots of legs. It's not like a person which just has two legs. And so they had lots of different shoes. 1, 2, 3, 4 bugs. Yeah, and some bugs even have more than four legs. And so I think ants have more than four legs, right?

Well, centipedes have like so many legs. Yeah, centipedes, I think, have like 100. That's why they call them centipedes. Cent means like 100. Jonah, were you going to say something? One of the bugs was like, this was the biggest bug. It was so big, or as big as like a finger. And it had 1000 legs.

Yeah, there was one bug that had 1000 legs. And the silly thing about this bug was it was the shape of a ring. It went around in a circle. And the bug couldn't even go straight or anywhere because all of the legs just marched in a circle. And so it would just turn around and around. And that's okay if it's deep underground because it could go around and around to dig. But on top of the ground, it was just silly because it was just going round and round and round, and then it would fall down just like if you said ring around a rosy. It was a very silly kind of bug.

Jesse looked at the bug that was wearing all of those shoes, and he saw the reason why they wore those shoes, because he accidentally stepped on one of them. And when Jesse stepped on the bug, the bug's legs fell off. But with the shoes, it was able to make new legs, and so the foot was able to come right back on.

But Jesse and Jonah decided they had to escape very quickly because they were also like a kind of mosquito. And when this mosquito bit you, instead of giving you a mosquito bite, it gave you a little sunburn. And they didn't want to get any more sunburn from those kinds of mosquitoes because it was too itchy. So they ran the rest of the way down the mountain carrying the special cow bug that made those eggs full of milk, and they brought it home, and they ended up starting a little milk factory, which they still have today.

Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.