Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Mila. Mila was so lucky because she and her parents lived on a rainbow-colored houseboat. The houseboat was so much fun because it had a slide on it, and you could slide from the top of the houseboat all the way to the bottom. The slide even turned around! The houseboat didn't have any sails or engines. If you wanted to make the houseboat go, there was a bicycle on it, and you had to pedal the bicycle. When you pedaled the bicycle, a fan in the back of the houseboat would blow wind, and it blew so much wind that that's how the houseboat moved. It was a really nice houseboat because it was rainbow-colored.

Lots of ducks liked rainbow-colored houseboats. So, wherever Mila and her parents sailed their houseboat, many yellow and white ducks would swim and follow the houseboat, saying, "quack, quack, quack." One day, Mila woke up, got out of her bed in the houseboat, and her mom asked, "Mila, are you ready for some pancakes?" Mila said, "I didn't know today was pancake day!" But Mila's mom showed her that in the kitchen of the houseboat, they had saved up some special strawberry pancakes. Mila had never had strawberry pancakes before, but they were so yummy. They didn't taste like breakfast food; they tasted like dessert! Mila was so lucky to have strawberry pancakes for breakfast.

After Mila had her strawberry pancake breakfast, she went on the deck of the boat and started to look outside. When she looked out over the ocean, she saw some fish jumping out of the water. All of the fish would jump in a circle, and it seemed almost like they were dancing around something. So Mila told her mom and dad to take turns pedaling the bicycle on the houseboat so they could go to where the fish were jumping. First, Mila's mom went and pedaled the bike, and soon the rainbow-colored houseboat started going fast. Then it was Mila's dad's turn. Mila's dad wasn't a very good bicycle rider, and he tried his hardest, but the houseboat went pretty slow. Mila said, "Dad, if you try really hard, I'll tell mom that you can have a strawberry pancake tomorrow too." Mila's dad said, "Okay, I'll try my hardest." He pedaled so hard, and the rainbow-colored houseboat went all the way to where the fish were.

When Mila got to where the fish were jumping up and down in the ocean in a circle, she saw a mermaid. The mermaid was sleeping on top of the water. Even though mermaids live underwater, sometimes when they sleep, they like to float on top of the water and sleep as the waves push them up and down. Mila said to her mom, "Mom, look! The reason the fish are jumping up and down in a circle is that there's a mermaid sleeping next to them." Mila's mom said, "You're right. There really is a mermaid." Mila called out, "Mermaid, can you hear me?" Just as she said that, the mermaid woke up. The mermaid rubbed her eyes and asked, "What? Who is that?" Mila said, "It's me, mermaid. It's Mila, and it's also my birthday." The mermaid looked at Mila and the rainbow-colored boat and asked, "Mila, are you my mommy?" Mila thought that was so silly because she said, "No, I just turned four years old. I'm not old enough to be your mommy. And also, people can't have mermaids for babies." The mermaid told Mila that sometimes people can have mermaids for babies. If a person practices swimming a lot and lives in a houseboat in the ocean, sometimes it might happen that if a mama gives birth to a baby, the baby could be a mermaid.

The mermaid told Mila that she was resting in the ocean when the rainbow-colored houseboat came by because she didn't have anyone to play with. The mermaid asked Mila, "Can you play with me?" Mila said, "Okay." Mila's mom said, "You can go in the water. I'll watch you." Mila went in the water, and guess what happened? All of the ducks that used to follow the rainbow-colored houseboat went right next to Mila so she could float. The ducks helped Mila float because ducks float. The ducks went under Mila's arms to hold her up so she wouldn't sink. As the ducks were holding Mila up, the mermaid asked, "So, what do you want to play?" Mila said, "Well, I like to play treasure hunt games." The mermaid said, "Mila, you won't believe what kind of treasure I found in the ocean one day." Mila asked, "What is it?" The mermaid said, "Wait here." Mila held onto the ducks, and the mermaid dove down into the water and swam all the way to the bottom of the ocean. She swam past an octopus, a blue fish with red eyes, and a whale that looked like an elephant.

When the mermaid got to the bottom of the ocean, she saw a treasure box. The treasure box had a big lock on it and looked so heavy. But luckily, mermaids have strong arms and are good swimmers. The mermaid used all her might and picked up the important treasure box from the bottom of the ocean floor. Some octopuses helped the mermaid push the treasure box all the way up to the top of the ocean. When the mermaid got to the top of the ocean, she saw Mila waiting, and the ducks were holding Mila up right next to her rainbow-colored houseboat. Mila's dad and mom were watching, and they were all so proud of her. The mermaid showed Mila the treasure box, and Mila saw that it really was a treasure box. But she asked, "How are we even going to open the treasure box because we don't have the key?" Just as she said that, one of the ducks said, "Mila, I do have the treasure box key because I come from an island where there are so many keys." The duck held the treasure box key in its mouth and brought it over to Mila. Mila picked up the treasure box key, put it in the treasure box, and heard a noise that went "click." Suddenly, the top of the treasure box started opening up all by itself, and it looked a little bit shiny inside. A little cloud came out of the treasure box after it opened, and there were some echoes coming out of the treasure box. Whatever Mila said, it echoed.

Mila said, "Mermaid, do you see the treasure box?" Just as she said that, she heard again, "Mermaid, do you see the treasure box?" Mila looked into the treasure box, and the mermaid looked into the treasure box, and the ducks looked into the treasure box, and Mila's mom and dad tried to look into the treasure box. Mila was very surprised. Inside the treasure box, she saw lots of crayons. The crayons were all in little gloves, and there were so many gloves full of different color crayons. The mermaid said, "Mila, pick up some of the gloves that are full of crayons." Mila picked up one of the gloves full of crayons. The mermaid explained that if you put the glove in the ocean, it makes the ocean a different color. Mila picked up the glove with crayons, and the mermaid asked, "Are you sure you want to do that magic?" Mila said, "Yeah, I think it's going to be fun." The mermaid said, "Yay!" and started clapping her hands.

After Mila picked up the glove with crayons, she put it back in the treasure box and looked at her fingers. Guess what happened to Mila's fingers? The ends of Mila's fingers looked like crayons. Mila now had crayon fingers so she could draw with her fingers. Mila realized that she had a magic power that from now on, she didn't even need crayons or markers or nail polish. She could just draw whatever she wanted with her fingers. Mila went back on the boat and said thank you to the mermaid. Mila started to draw all over the boat with her new finger power. Mila and her family lived happily ever after. The end.