Welcome to makeup stories. My name is echin. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hello. My name is Miwa. I was in Gate Harm. My birthday is almost close to us, and I was almost four, and I free now. And I wrote Soy Duck, a treasure test, mermaid and ice cream, strawberry pie. Thank you, and see you later. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Mila who lives in Gig Harbor, Washington, and who turned four years old yesterday on March 20. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Mila. Happy birthday, maila. And Mila asked for us to make up a story that includes a treasure chest, a mermaid, and a strawberry ice cream pile. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Mila. Mila was so lucky because she and her parents lived on a rainbow colored houseboat. And the houseboat was so much fun because it had a slide on it, and you can slide from the top of the houseboat all the way to the bottom of the houseboat, and its slide even turned around, and the houseboat didn't even have any sails, and the houseboat didn't even have any engines. If you wanted to make the houseboat go, there was a bicycle on it, and you had to turn the pedals of the bicycle. And if you pedaled the bicycle, then a fan in the back of the houseboat would blow wind, and it blew so much wind that that is how the houseboat went. And it was a really nice houseboat because it was rainbow colored. There's a lot of ducks that like, rainbow colored houseboats. And so wherever Mila and her parents sailed their houseboat, there were so many yellow ducks and also white ducks that used to swim and follow the houseboat and say, quack, quack, quack. And Mila woke up one day, and she got out of her bed in a houseboat, and her mom said, mila, are you ready for some pancakes? And Mila said, I didn't know today was pancake day, but Mila's mom showed her that in the kitchen of the houseboat, they had saved up some special strawberry pancake. Mila never had strawberry pancake before, but it was so yummy. It really didn't taste like a breakfast food. It tasted like dessert. So Mila was so lucky that she got the strawberry pancake for breakfast. After Mila had the strawberry pancake breakfast, she got on the deck of the boat and started to look outside. When she looked outside all over the ocean, she saw that there were some fish that were jumping out of the water, and all of the fish would jump in a circle, and it seemed almost like they were dancing around something. So Mila told her mom and her dad to take turns going on the bicycle on the houseboat so they could make the houseboat go all the way to where the fishies were jumping first, Mila's mom went, and she started pedaling and pedaling the bike, and soon the rainbow colored houseboat started going so fast. And then it was Mila's dad's turn. Mila's dad was not a very good bicycle rider, and he tried his hardest, but the houseboat went pretty slow. And then Mila said, dad, if you try so hard, then I'll tell mom that you could have a strawberry pancake tomorrow also. And then Mila's dad said, okay, I'll try my hardest. And he pedaled so hard. And the rainbow colored houseboat went all the way to where the fishies were. When Mila got to where the fishies were jumping up and down in the ocean in a circle, she saw that there was a mermaid. And the mermaid was sleeping on top of the water. Because even though mermaids live underwater, sometimes when mermaids sleep, they like to float on top of the water, and they just sleep as the waves push them up and down through the water. And Mila said to her, mom, mom, look. The reason the fishies are jumping up and down in a circle is because there's a mermaid sleeping next to them. And Mila's mom said you're right. There really is a mermaid. And Mila said, Mermaid, can you hear me? And just as she said that, the mermaid woke up. And the mermaid rubbed her eyes, and the mermaid said, what? Who is that? And Mila said, it's me, mermaid. It's me. It's Mila, and it's also my birthday. And the mermaid looked at Mila, and she looked at the rainbow colored boat, and she said, Mila, are you my mommy? And Mila thought that was so silly, because Mila said, no, I just turned four years old. I'm not old enough to be your mommy. And also, people can't have mermaids for babies. And then the mermaid told Mila that, really, sometimes people can have mermaids for babies. The way a person could have a mermaid for a baby is first they have to practice swimming so much. And especially if you live in a houseboat that's in the ocean so many times, then sometimes it might happen that if a mama gives birth to a baby, the baby could be a mermaid. Well, the mermaid told Mila that it was in middle of resting in the ocean when the rainbow colored houseboat came by, because it didn't have anyone to play with. And the mermaid said, Mila, can you play with me? And Mila said, okay. And Mila's mom said, you could go in the water. I'll watch you. And Mila went in the water, and do you know what happened? What? All of the ducks that used to follow the rainbow colored houseboat, they went right next to Mila so that she could float. And the ducks because ducks float. So the ducks went under Mila's arms to hold her up so she wouldn't sink. And as the ducks were holding people float. People could float a little bit. But you also have to be very careful in water, because if you're new to swimming, then you have to be careful. And, Mila, this was the ocean, which has so much water. So all the ducks came to help her float. And as the ducks were helping her float, the mermaid said, So what do you want to play? And Mila said, Well, I like to play find treasure games. And the mermaid said, Mila, you won't believe what kind of treasure I found in the ocean one day. What? And Mila said, what is it? What is it? And the mermaid said, Wait here. And Mila held onto the duckies, and the mermaid dove down into the water and swam all the way to the bottom of the ocean. Past an octopus, passed a blue fishy that had red eyes and also passed a whale that looked like an elephant. And when the mermaid got to the bottom of the ocean, she saw the treasure box. The treasure box had a big lock on it, and it looked so heavy. But luckily, mermaids have strong arms and are good swimmers. So the mermaid used all her might, and she picked up the important treasure box from the bottom of the ocean floor. And some octopuses helped the mermaid push the treasure box all the way up to the top of the ocean. And when the mermaid got to the top of the ocean, she saw that Mila was waiting, and the duckies were holding Mila up right next to her rainbow colored houseboat. And Mila's dad was watching, and Mila's mom was watching, and they were all so proud of her. The mermaid showed Mila the treasure box, and Mila saw that it really was a treasure box. But she said, how are we even going to open the treasure box because we don't have the key? And just as she said that, one of the duckies said, mila, I do have the treasure box key, because I come from an island where there's so many keys. So the ducky held the treasure box key in its mouth, and it brought it over to Mila. And Mila picked up the treasure box key and she put it in the treasure box, and she heard a noise that went and suddenly the top of the treasure box started opening up all by itself, and it looked a little bit shiny in the treasure box. And a little cloud came out of the treasure box after it opened, and then there was some echoes coming out of the treasure box. And whatever Mila said, it echoed it. Mila said, Mermaid, do you see the treasure box? And just as she said that, she heard again, Mermaid, do you see the treasure box? And Mila looked into the treasure box, and the mermaid looked into the treasure box, and the duckies looked into the treasure box, and Mila's mom and dad tried to look into the treasure box. Mila was very surprised. Inside the treasure box, she saw lots of crayons. And the crayons were all in little gloves, and there were so many gloves that were full of different color crayons. And the mermaid said, Mila, pick up some of the gloves that are full of crayons. And Mila picked up one of the gloves that was full of crayons. Why? They put crayons in it. So if you put the glove in the ocean, it makes the ocean a different color. And Mila picked up the glove with crayons, and the mermaid said, Are you sure you want to do that magic? And Mila said, yeah, I think it's going to be fun. And the mermaid said, yay. And the mermaid started clapping her hands. And after Mila picked up the glove with crayons, she put it back in the treasure box, and she looked at her fingers. And do you know what happened to Mila's fingers? What? The ends of Mila's fingers looked like crayons. And Mila crayons so that she could draw off her fingers. Yep. And Mila realized that she had a magic power that from now on, she didn't even need crayons or markers or nail polish. She could just draw whatever she wanted with her fingers. And Mila went back on the boat and said thank you to the mermaid. And Mila started to draw all over the boat with her new finger power. And Mila and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Donnia. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.