Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Anna. Anna was really special because she knew how to color with lots of different colors and make a rainbow. Most kids used only two or three colors, but Anna knew how to make a rainbow with many colors. One day, Anna made a rainbow to show her doggie, Lua. Lua was a big, strong doggie. Lua looked at the rainbow, and first, she licked it because doggies like to lick things. Then, Lua tried to eat the rainbow. Anna told Lua that rainbows were not for eating, but Lua didn't listen and ate the rainbow picture anyway.

After Lua ate the rainbow picture, something amazing happened. Lua turned into a rainbow-colored doggie! Soon, another doggie named Bear came into the house, and he was rainbow-colored too. Both Lua and Bear wore capes and masks that made them look like people, but they still had four legs. Lua and Bear were really good doggies. Lua told Anna she was sorry for eating her rainbow, and Anna said it was okay.

Suddenly, Anna heard a woo-woo noise outside her house. She looked outside, and so did Lua and Bear. It was hard to see because of the trees, but they saw a fire truck, a police car, and an ambulance all going in the same direction. Lua asked Anna where they were going, and Bear had an idea. He used a magnifying glass and said they were going to the toy store. Lua, Bear, and Anna decided to form a secret agency that saves toy stores.

Anna rode on Bear's back to the toy store, with Lua following close behind. When they got there, they saw that the fire trucks, police cars, and ambulances were afraid to go in because there was a monster outside the toy store. This monster was called the Hatchu Monster, and it sneezed toys! The problem was that the Hatchu Monster was sneezing out so many toys that it was making a big mess on the street.

Anna, Bear, and Lua knew they had to save the day. They made sure their capes were working and pressed a secret button that made tissues appear. They knew that if they could give the Hatchu Monster a tissue, it would stop sneezing toys everywhere. Anna, Bear, and Lua came up with a plan. They would use their capes to fly up to the Hatchu Monster and put a tissue on its nose.

As they started their plan, the Hatchu Monster looked at them. Anna told Lua and Bear to hurry. The rainbow-colored dogs used their capes to put the tissue on the Hatchu Monster's nose. The monster tried to sneeze out toys, but they couldn't get out. Anna then told the Hatchu Monster that it was good to make toys, but not to sneeze them all over the street. The Hatchu Monster said it was sorry and that it couldn't hear anyone because its ears were full of water. Anna told Bear and Lua to fly up to the Hatchu Monster's ears and lick out the water.

Anna, Lua, and Bear fixed the problem, and the Hatchu Monster promised to make toys neatly in the future. The firemen, policemen, and ambulance drivers thanked Anna for saving the day. Anna went home with a certificate, a sticker, and a special fire truck hat. She told Lua and Bear that they were such good doggies. Anna and her family, along with the rest of the secret agency, lived happily ever after. The end.