Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Anna. And Anna was a really special big girl because she knew how to color with a lot of different colors and make a rainbow with those colors. And other kids who made rainbows usually put like two, three colors maybe. But Anna knew how to make a rainbow with lots of different colors. One day, Anna made a rainbow to show her doggie. Her doggie was a big, strong doggie named Lua. And Lua looked at the rainbow, and first she licked the rainbow because doggies like to lick things. And then after Lua the doggie licked the rainbow that Anna made, Lua the doggie tried to eat it up. Well, Anna told her doggie, Lua, that rainbows were not supposed to be eaten, that Lua could put it on a wall, or Lua could put it next to her doggy food bowl, but she wasn't supposed to eat it up. And then Lua, her doggie, didn't listen, and she ate the rainbow picture anyway.

After Anna's doggie Lua ate the rainbow picture, do you know what happened to the doggie? It turned into a rainbow-colored doggie. And very soon, another doggie came in the house also. And the other doggie's name was Bear. And both Bear and Lua were rainbow-colored doggies. Not only were they rainbow-colored, but they also wore capes. Usually, only superheroes that are people wear capes. Doggies do not usually wear capes. But these rainbow-colored doggies named Lua and Bear liked to wear capes. And in addition to wearing capes, the doggies also wore some masks. And the masks made them look like people because the masks were of people faces. But the doggies still had four legs, so they didn't really look like people, even though they had a person-like mask that they wore. And these were really good doggies. The first thing that the doggie Lua did is Lua told Anna that she was sorry for eating her rainbow, and Anna said, it's okay.

And then suddenly after Anna said it's okay, Anna started to hear a woo woo noise outside of her house. And the noise went, woo woo, woo, woo, woo woo. And Anna looked outside, and her doggies, Lua and Bear, looked out the window as well. It was pretty hard to see that day because there were a lot of trees blocking. But Anna saw that there was an emergency. There was a fire truck and a police car and an ambulance all headed in the same direction. Well, Lua the doggie asked Anna, where do you think they're going? And Anna said, I'm not sure. But Bear the doggie said, I have an idea. And he got a magnifying glass from the floor and tapped it on his cape. And he said, I'm going to use the clues. I think they are going to the toy store. And Lua and Bear the doggies said, woof, woo, woo, woo. And they decided to form a team with Anna to become part of a secret agency that saves toy stores.

So Anna decided to take a ride on her dog, Bear. It was okay to take a ride on Bear because Bear was a rainbow-colored doggie that was so strong, it could even give big kids rides. And so Anna, Lua, and Bear went all the way to the toy store. And when they got to the toy store, they saw that the fire trucks and the police cars and ambulances were afraid to go in. And the reason they were afraid to go in was that there was a monster outside of the toy store. Now, this monster was a special kind of silly monster because this monster did something so silly that the police and ambulance people and fire truck people didn't know what to do. This monster was as big as a building, and it had green dots on its skin, and it was called the hatchu monster. And whenever something went close to the hatchu monster, it sneezed. But it didn't sneeze regular like water that a person sneezes. The hatchu monster hot chewed toys. And the problem was that the hatchu monster was sneezing out so many toys in front of the toy store that it was making a big mess on the street. And it would say, hachu. And suddenly balls would fall down and shovels would fall down and unicorns would fall down and cars and ChuChu trains and dolls and all sorts of buses. All toys would fall on the ground.

And so Anna told Bear and Lua that they were going to have to save the day because if toys kept falling on the ground, then the hatchu monster would make a pile as big as a mountain. And so Bear and Lua said, woof, woof, woof. Off to adventure we go. And they made sure that their capes were working, and they decided to press the secret club button which Anna was carrying in her pocket. So they put their paws on the button, and when they pressed it, it went beep poo, beep poo. And suddenly the hachu monster saw that Anna, Lua, and Bear doggies had some tissues. Now, when there is a monster that sneezes a lot of toys. The best thing you can do to make it sneeze not so many toys is give it a tissue. And so Anna had to decide how she and bear and Lua could sneak some tissues right in front of the monster so that when it would sneeze, it would go into the tissues and wouldn't go on the ground. Well, Lua and Bear decided to have a plan. The plan was that Anna would get a napkin or a tissue from her pocket, and then Lua and Bear would use their capes to fly up to the hatchu monster, and they would put the tissue or napkin right on the hutchu monster's nosy, using their capes to get there, and then they would fly down.

Well, suddenly as they hatched this plan, the hatchu monster looked at them. And so Anna said, quick, Lua, quick. Bear and the secret agency dogs, which were both rainbow-colored, used their capes to get the tissue all the way on top of the hatchu monster's nosy. And then the hatchu monster tried to sneeze out some toys, but the toys couldn't get there. And then Anna got her microphone out, and she started telling something important to the hatchu monster. She said, hachu, monster, it's good that you're making toys, but it's not nice to have them hatchu all over the street because then people can't walk on the sidewalk and cars can't go. And the hatchu monster said that he was sorry and that it wasn't his fault because he couldn't hear anyone because his ears were full of water. And so Anna told her doggies, Bear, and Lua to fly up to the hatchu monster's ears and to lick out the water so that the hatchu monster could hear again and know not to do that.

Well, Anna and Lua and Bear fixed the problem, and the hatchu monster decided he would be good and only make toys in a neat pile in the future. And the firemen and the policeman and the ambulance drivers told Anna that she saved the day. Anna went home to her mom with a certificate from the police people, and she also got a sticker. And the fireman even gave her a special fire truck hat. And Anna told her doggies, Bear, and Lua that they were such good doggies. And so Anna and her family and the rest of the secret agency lived happily ever after. The end.