Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six and a half-year-old girl named Ava. Ava was famous all over the world because she could talk to owls. She also had a magical power that allowed her to have owl eyes. When Ava used her owl eyes, she could see very far and turn her head all the way around.

Ava told everyone that when she was little, she met an owl named Queen Twiggy. Queen Twiggy was the queen of all the owls in Twiggy Forest. The owls in the forest knew how to fold paper and make paper airplanes. Queen Twiggy was in charge of all the other owls, and they had to say only good things about her. Whatever Queen Twiggy wanted, the other owls had to agree. Queen Twiggy was Ava's friend.

One day, Queen Twiggy told Ava that if she drank a magic juice her mom gave her, she would be able to turn her neck around like an owl. Ava drank the magic blue juice, and after that, she gained the owl powers and could see behind her.

One day, there was an octopus named Oka. Oka was swimming in the ocean near Twiggy Forest. On the beach, there were Oreo cookies instead of rocks. Kids loved going to the beach because they could find and eat Oreo cookies.

Oka the octopus went in front of the Oreo cookies and changed its color to look like an Oreo. Ava's mom saw the octopus and thought it was a yummy Oreo cookie. She bent down to pick it up, but Ava used her owl eyes and saw that it wasn't a real Oreo cookie. It was actually Oka the octopus camouflaged as an Oreo. Ava told her mom not to eat it, and her mom listened. The octopus jumped back into the water and started talking to Ava.

Oka the octopus thanked Ava for saving him and told her about his secret candy castle. Ava had never seen a candy castle before. She used her owl eyes and turned her head around to look for it. She saw a secret door camouflaged in the cliff that led to the candy castle.

Inside the candy castle, there were many different kinds of candy. The castle was sturdy because it was made of lollipops, but it was also soft and comfortable inside. There were couches and beds made of cake, and pillows made of donuts. When kids took baths, they bathed in chocolate pudding that didn't make them dirty.

Ava left the candy castle and told all her friends about her discovery. She showed them the way in, and they all agreed that Ava could be in charge. Ava and her friends lived happily ever after in the candy castle. The end.