Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six and a half-year-old girl whose name was Ava. Ava was famous in the whole world because she was the only girl who was able to speak to owls. And Ava also had a magic power where she was able to make owl eyes. And when Ava had her owl eyes on, Ava was able to see so far, and she could turn her head all the way around. 

Ava told everyone that when she was a little kid, a long time ago, there was an owl whose name was Queen Twiggy, and Queen Twiggy was an owl that was the queen owl of all of the owls in the Twiggy Forest. The owls knew how to fold paper and make paper airplanes. But there was one owl who was in charge of all the other owls and who every other owl had to say only good things about. And whatever that owl wanted, the other owls had to say yes. And that was Queen Twiggy, the owl. And that was Ava's friend.

Well, Queen Twiggy, the owl told Ava that if she drinks a magic juice that Ava's mom let her drink, and she went after she drank the juice, then she would be able to turn her neck around and Ava picked up the cup with the magic blue juice and she drank it. And after she drank it, Ava got the owl powers where she could see behind her.

One day there was an octopus whose name was Oka. And Oka, the octopus was swimming around in the ocean right near the Twig forest. And do you know what kind of thing that there was on the beach? There were Oreo cookies. And the whole beach was made up of cookies. And kids loved to go to the beach because instead of finding rocks, the kids could just find Oreo cookies and they would not decide to walk on it, they would just eat it.

The octopus went right in front of the Oreo cookies and changed its color skin so that it looked like an Oreo cookie. Ava's mom was walking by and Ava's mom was like, oh, this is going to be a yummy Oreo cookie. So she bent down and she tried to pick up the Oreo cookie. But before she could, Ava used her owl eyes. And she saw very closely that it wasn't a real Oreo cookie, that it was really Octi, the octopus camouflaged, looking like an Oreo cookie. And she said Ava said, mom, don't eat that Oreo cookie. It's really part of an octopus. And Ava's mom said okay. And the octopus jumped back down to the ground, and the octopus started to talk to Ava. 

The Octopus told Ava, Ava, because you helped make sure that your mom didn't eat me, and because you used your owl eyes and because you could turn your head all the way around, which all of the other kids want to do, and because you are friends with Queen Twiggy the owl. The Octopus said he was going to show Ava his secret candy castle. And Ava said, well, I've never seen a candy castle. And she looked around with her owl eyes, and Ava turned her head and around, around and around. And do you know what she saw? She saw that camouflaged in the cliff. There is a secret candy door which kids should really look for if you're ever looking, like, on the side of a mountain, because this exists on some mountains, there's a secret door that looks like it's covered in grass and stuff, so it looks like it's part of the mountain. 

And if you open up the door and you go into the mountain, then, yeah, that's only for makeups. If you open the door in the mountain and you go into the mountain, then it would be a cave one. Yeah. Well, in makeups, if you open the door and go into the mountain, bud then sometimes you could find big candy castles in the middle of the mountains. And the big candy castles, they're made of different kinds of candy. Like, usually you need them to be pretty sturdy. And so to make the candy castle sturdy, they use a lot of lollipops, but you also want to make sure that it's comfortable inside. And, you know, it's usually, like, pretty soft, like cakes. So there's a lot of couches and stuff. There's a whole bed that's made out of cake and for pillows. The pillows were made of donuts, and you can put your head right in the middle of the donut, and that's where kids just went to sleep. And then when you took baths, it wasn't in regular water. It was in chocolate pudding, actually. But the chocolate pudding didn't make you dirty. 

And the candy castle had a lot of really fun things, and kids loved to go in the candy castle. Well, Ava went out of the candy castle, and she told all of her friends that she discovered a candy castle hidden in a mountain using her owl eyes. That queen twiggy the owl gave her, did she show her friends the way in? And Ava showed her friends the way in if her friend said that Ava could be in charge and Ava said yes and her friend said yes and Ava and her friends lived happily ever after. The end.