This is willow. Welcome to my duck toys. Hi, my name is Ava and I'm six and a half years old. I live in Melbourne, Australia. I would like my story. Queen Twiggy the owl and oreo octopus and a candy castle. Thank you. I listen to your stories every night. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a six and a half year old girl whose name is Ava and who has a birthday coming up on December 22, which is in just two weeks. And Ava lives in Melbourne, Australia. Ava asked for us to make up a story that includes Queen Twiggy, the owl, and also, Daddy also had a birthday that's coming up in two weeks. That's true. My birthday is coming up in three days. Ava asked for us to make up a story that includes queen Twiggy, the owl, oreo, octopus, and a candy castle. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six and a half year old girl whose name was Ava. Ava was famous in the whole world because she was the only girl who was able to speak to owls. And Ava also had a magic power where she was able to make owl eyes. And when Ava had her owl eyes on, ava was able to see so far, and she could turn her head all the way around. Buddy, have you ever seen a person that could turn their head all the way around? So I once saw a person do it. You really have? Okay. Yeah. I thought you were tricking, because I don't think regular people were able to do it. But Ava was so famous, and everyone wanted to come see her and take her picture because she learned how to turn her head all the way around, just like an owl. And everyone what regular people? It's hard for them to turn their neck around. And everyone kept asking, Ava, Ava, Ava, how did you learn how to do that? And Ava told them. She said, Isn't it supposed to be a secret? So they don't know? They don't know. Well, no. Ava decided she was going to tell people because they asked so nicely. Did they say pretty please? Yes. So Ava told everyone that when she was a little kid, a long time ago, there was an owl whose name was Queen Twiggy, and Queen Twiggy was an owl that was the queen owl of all of the owls in the Twiggy Forest. And the reason people called it the Twiggy Forest is because the forest had twigs, which are like little branches that grew just like grass, and they would come out of the ground, and it would look like it's hard to walk in. But the owls knew what to do, and they flew over the twigs, and they would find mice and stuff between them. And there were so many owls in the Twiggy Forest, and the owls would be on the branches and the tops of the tree. And the owls wore special dresses and the boy owls wore regular pants. And do you know what they did? Bud what? They flew paper airplanes. The owls knew how to fold paper and make paper airplanes. But there was one owl who was in charge of all the other owls and who every other owl had to say only good things about. And whatever that owl wanted, the other owls had to say yes. And that was Queen Twiggy, the owl. And that was Ava's friend. Well, Queen Twiggy, the owl told Ava that if she drinks a magic juice that Ava's mom let her drink, and she went after she drank the juice, then she would be able to turn her neck around and Ava picked up the cup with the magic blue juice and she drank it. And after she drank it, ava got the owl powers where she could see behind her. Owl can also see so many things that people can't see. For example, most octopuses, I think a lot of people know. Where do they live? Bud where do octopuses live? In the ocean? Yeah, they live in the ocean. They live in water. But there's a special kind of thing that octopuses can do. And do you know what that is? What? They can camouflage themselves. They're like chameleons. They could change colors, and if they're standing right next to something green, they could make the octopus skin green. So it's hard to see. An owls can do that. Well, owls can't do that, but owls are very good at seeing. So one day there was an octopus whose name was Oka. And Oka, the octopus was swimming around in the ocean right near the Twig forest. And do you know what kind of thing that there was on the beach? An alcohol? Twizzy no, there was instead of rocks on the beach, they had Oreo cookies. And the whole beach was made up of cookies. And kids love to go to the beach because instead of finding rocks, the kids could just find Oreo cookies and they would not decide to walk on it, they would just eat it. Yeah. Well, the octopus what would happen to the beach? The beach was good and it always got cleaned up. There was a wind that whenever it got dirty, the wind blew away the dirt. So the Oreo cookies stayed good, but there was an octopus that came out and the octopus remember that it's good at camouflaging. Bud the octopus went right in front of the Oreo cookies and changed its color skin so that it looked like an Oreo cookie. No, because it went all over a lot of different Oreo cookies. So it looks like it was part of one cookie and a different part of it was a part of different cookie. And the octopus blended in with the Oreo cookies. Well, Ava's mom was walking by and Ava's mom was like, oh, this is going to be a yummy Oreo cookie. So she bent down and she tried to pick up the Oreo cookie. But before she could, Ava used her owl eyes. And she saw very closely that it wasn't a real Oreo cookie, that it was really octi, the octopus camouflaged, looking like an Oreo cookie. And she said Ava said, mom, don't eat that Oreo cookie. It's really part of an octopus. And Ava's mom said okay. And the octopus jumped back down to the ground, and the octopus started to talk to Ava. And Octopus told Ava. Ava, because you helped make sure that your mom didn't eat me, and because you used your owl eyes and because you could turn your head all the way around, which all of the other kids want to do, and because you are friends with Queen Twiggy the owl. The Octopus said he was going to show Ava his secret candy castle. And Ava said, well, I've never seen a candy castle. And she looked around with her owl eyes, and Ava turned her head and around, around and around. And do you know what she saw? Bud what? She saw that camouflaged in the cliff. There is a secret candy door which kids should really look for if you're ever looking, like, on the side of a mountain, because this exists on some mountains, there's a secret door that looks like it's covered in grass and stuff, so it looks like it's part of the mountain. And if you open up the door and you go into the mountain, then, yeah, that's only for makeups. If you open the door in the mountain and you go into the mountain, then it would be a cave one. Yeah. Well, in makeups, if you open the door and go into the mountain, bud then sometimes you could find big candy castles in middle of the mountains. And the big candy castles, they're made of different kinds of candy. Like, usually you need them to be pretty sturdy. And so to make the candy castle sturdy, they use a lot of lollipops, but you also want to make sure that it's comfortable inside. And, you know, it's usually, like, pretty soft, like cakes. So there's a lot of couches and stuff. There's a whole bed that's made out of cake and for pillows. But what are that? Pillows? Well, the pillows were made of donuts, and you can put your head right in middle of the donut, and that's where kids just went to sleep. And then when you took baths, it wasn't in regular water. It was in orange juice. No, it was in chocolate pudding, actually. But the chocolate pudding didn't make you dirty. And the candy castle had a lot of really fun things, and kids loved to go in the candy castle. Well, Ava went out of the candy castle, and she told all of her friends that she discovered a candy castle hidden in a mountain using her owl eyes. That queen twiggy the owl gave her, did she show her friends the way in? And Ava showed her friends the way in if her friend said that Ava could be in charge and Ava said yes and her friend said yes and Ava and her friends lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to makeup because they like it.