Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big boy named Ryan. Ryan and his whole family lived in a giant igloo at the South Pole, and the giant igloo was made of ice cream. The outside of the igloo was all vanilla ice cream. Since it was at the South Pole, the ice cream stayed cold, and you didn't want the ice cream on the igloo to melt. You wouldn't want to lick that ice cream because it held the igloo together instead of being made out of snow or ice. They decided to make this igloo out of ice cream.

Most of the igloo was made out of vanilla ice cream, and it was white. But the roof of the igloo was made out of strawberry ice cream, so it looked red. Ryan had a special slide that went into the igloo. When people knocked on the door, they had two choices. You could open the door one way. If you pulled it open, there was a slide. But if you pushed the door open, which not everyone knew you could do, you could enter Ryan's ice cream igloo. On the other side, there was a fireman's pole, and you could hold onto the pole and slide down to the bottom. Under the fireman's pole, there was a big foam pit with soft stuff, so when kids went into the igloo, even if they weren't good at holding onto the pole and sliding down, they wouldn't get hurt. That was the way kids liked to go into Ryan's ice cream igloo house.

But there were also different ways for grownups because they didn't fit down the fire pole, and some didn't fit on the slide. There was a special way for grownups to get into Ryan's ice cream igloo house, and it was a little bit silly. First, the grownups had to crawl. They had to get on their hands and knees, and if they wanted to open the door, they didn't knock. There was no doorknob. Instead, there was a giant doggy door. It was like a little door for dogs or cats to go through, but it was really big. When Ryan's parents needed to go into the ice cream igloo house, they had to crawl through the person door, which was like a doggie door.

Ryan loved to show his friends where the ice cream factory was because his igloo wasn't a regular ice cream igloo. It was on top of the biggest ice cream factory in the whole world, located at the South Pole. Under Ryan's house, under the ice cream igloo, and under the ground in the South Pole where it stays cold, that's where all the ice cream comes from that they bring to factories to make ice cream treats. This is also where the ice cream comes from if you've ever been to an ice cream store and wondered where they get the ice cream for the machines and buckets.

Ryan was a very important kid because his job at the ice cream factory was to make sure all the ice cream got shipped to different places. He had a great idea for when a big cargo ship filled with a giant crate of ice cream had to ship ice cream. If an ice cream ever fell off the ship, they attached many helium balloons to it, so the ice cream had lots of balloons attached, and it would start floating up in the air, so it wouldn't sink to the bottom of the ocean.

One time, Ryan was telling a ship in the South Pole goodbye because it was going to deliver a big giant ice cream berg, like an iceberg but made out of ice cream, to a factory in Michigan. Ryan told the captain to be careful during the sailing voyage because there were many sharks. Some sharks like to eat other fish, but there's another kind of shark called the ice cream shark. This shark's head is the shape of an ice cream cone, but it has two eyes like a regular shark and a big strong fin in the back. It's shaped a bit like an ice cream cone. This kind of shark will open its big mouth and stick out its big tongue to eat the ice cream.

Ryan told the captain of the ship to avoid those sharks while going from the South Pole to Michigan to deliver the ice cream, but it was too late. Ryan saw that right when the captain had the ship go, a big ice cream berg fell off the ship and into the water. Three different ice cream sharks that looked like the shape of ice cream cones but had shark teeth started circling around the ice cream berg and eating it. Ryan quickly told the captain to remember to pull the string. The captain was confused, but Ryan was right. Ryan had attached an emergency string onto the ice cream berg, so when the ice cream sharks surrounded it and started eating it, the helium balloons would deploy and start pulling the ice cream berg into the air.

Once it was in the air, some eagles on the lookout grabbed onto the strings of the helium balloons and guided the big ice cream berg over the Pacific Ocean, then into the Atlantic, up the coast of South America, through Central America, and northwards to Michigan. It was a giant spectacle, a floating ice cream berg made of vanilla ice cream, attached to balloons, and directed by eagles. As they got closer to Michigan, the big ice cream started dripping, and it rained ice cream snow, the yummiest snow.

All the kids in different cities on the way up to Clawson, Michigan, would look up, and suddenly it would be snowing ice cream snow. Some of their parents thought it was regular snow, but it wasn't because they could see the giant piece of ice cream, as big as an iceberg but made of ice cream, being carried by helium balloons and directed by eagles all the way to Michigan. Ryan saw that it eventually got to Michigan, to the biggest ice cream factory there. On the way there, it passed a field of rabbits, and the rabbits were excited to see the ice cream shower. They stopped eating grass and carrots and ate ice cream, but then they got tummy aches. Luckily, Ryan's neighbor was a veterinarian, a doctor that helps animals. He gave all the bunny rabbits some medicine, and they felt better. Ryan and his family lived happily ever after. The end.