Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big boy whose name was Ryan. Ryan and his whole family lived in a giant igloo on the south pole, and the giant igloo was made of ice cream. And the outside of the igloo was all vanilla ice cream. Well, because it was in the south pole, the ice cream stayed kind of cold, and you didn't want the ice cream that was on the igloo to melt. And you wouldn't want to lick that ice cream just because it's to hold the igloo together instead of the igloo being made out of snow or ice. They just decided to make this igloo out of ice cream.

Now, most of the igloo was made out of vanilla ice cream, and it was white. But the roof of the igloo was made out of strawberry ice cream, and so it looked red. And Ryan had a special slide that would go into the igloo. So people who knocked on the door, they had two choices. You could open the door one way. If you pull it open, then after you open up the door, there's a slide. But if you push the door open, which not everyone knows you could do, but you could push the door into Ryan's ice cream igloo. Then on the other side, there's a firemen pole, and you can hold onto the firemen pole, and you could just kind of slide down to the bottom. And under the firemen pole, there's a big foam pit. It has a lot of soft stuff, so that when kids go into the igloo, even if they're not so good at holding onto the pole and sliding down, they still won't get hurt. That was the way that kids like to go into Ryan's ice cream igloo house.

But there were also different ways for grownups, because the grownups didn't fit down the fire pole, and some of the grownups also didn't fit on the slide. So there was a special way for grownups to get into Ryan's ice cream igloo house, and the way that grownups had to go in was a little bit silly. First, the grownups had to start to crawl. So all grown ups had to get on their hands and knees and if they wanted to open the door, they didn't knock. And there was no doorknob. Instead, there was a giant doggy door. It was like the kind of door that could be a little door and dogs or kitty cats could go through. But it was really big. And when ryan's parents needed to go into the ice cream igloo house, they had to crawl through. It was called the person door. The person door. It was like a doggie door. And they would go inside ryan's ice cream igloo house.

And all the time ryan would love to show his friends where the ice cream factory was because ryan's igloo wasn't a regular ice cream igloo. It was in the top of the biggest ice cream factory in the whole world that's located in the south pole. And it's there under ryan's house, under the ice cream igloo. Under the ground in the south pole where it stays cold. That's where all of the ice cream comes from that they bring to factories so that factories can make ice cream treats. And also this is where the ice cream comes. If you've ever been to an ice cream store and you want to know where they get the ice cream to put in the machines and the buckets and stuff, this is where they go.

So ryan was a very important kid because his job at the ice cream factory was to make sure that all of the ice cream got shipped to different places. Yeah. Bud. Was there like emergency cases if like, a ship dropped an ice cream with the boards on board to go shoot and get it? Yeah. So ryan, because the ice cream factory under the Igloo was in the south pole, a lot of people wondered what might happen if during transit, during the voyage, while the ice cream was being shipped to factories around the world. Whether, like if it fell off a ship, if there was anything that could happen, or if it would just sink to the bottom of the ocean and that would just be a waste of ice cream.

So that wouldn't be good. But ryan had special plans. Ryan had a really good idea. Whenever they had like a big cargo ship and they filled it with a giant, giant crate of ice cream. Whenever that happened, if an ice cream ever fell off the ship, do you know what they did? What? They attached so many helium balloons to it so that the ice cream had so many balloons attached to it and it would start floating up in the air so it wouldn't sink to the bottom of the ocean.

And one time ryan was telling a ship in the south pole goodbye because it was going to deliver a big giant ice cream burg. It was like an iceberg but made out of ice cream. It was going to deliver that to a factory in Michigan. And Ryan told the captain that he had to be careful during the sailing voyage because there were so many sharks. And sharks. There's some kind of sharks that like to eat other fish. Those are the not nice sharks. But there's another kind of shark called the ice cream shark. And those kinds of sharks, those are the ones that if like if you ever drop ice cream into an ocean, which you shouldn't do, but if you do, you'll see that there's a particular kind of shark. Its head is the shape of an ice cream cone, but it has two eyes like a regular shark and a big strong fin in the back, but it's shaped a little bit like an ice cream cone. And that kind of shark will open its big mouth and it has a big tongue, and it sticks it out and eats the ice cream.

So Ryan told the captain of the ship that while they're going from the South Pole to Michigan to deliver the ice cream to make sure to avoid those sharks, but it was too late. Ryan could see that right when the captain had the ship go, a big ice cream burg fell off of the ship and it fell into the water. And right away there were three different ice cream sharks that were they looked like the shape of ice cream cones, but they did have shark teeth and stuff. And those sharks started circling around the ice cream burg and they were starting to eat it all up when Ryan quickly told the captain, remember to pull the string. And the captain was like, what the string? But Ryan was right. Ryan had attached an emergency string onto the ice cream burg so that in case the ice cream sharks would surround it and start eating it, all that would happen was the helium balloons would deploy and they would go off and they would start pulling the ice creamburg into the air.

And once it was in the air, there were some eagles that were on the lookout. And the eagles grabbed on to some of the strings of the helium balloon and they guided the big ice creamburg over the Pacific Ocean and then into the Atlantic as it went up the coast of South America, all the way through Central America and northwards to Michigan. It was a giant spectacle, a floating ice cream burg made of ice cream, vanilla ice cream, and it was attached to balloons, and there were eagles that were flapping their wings to guide it. And the big ice cream, because it was a little bit hot, as they got closer and closer to Michigan, would start dripping. And when it would drip, it would rain ice cream snow. And the ice cream snow was the yummiest snow.

So all of the kids in different cities on the way up to Clawson, Michigan, would look up, and suddenly it would be snowing. Ice cream snow. And some of their parents thought it was regular snow, but it really wasn't, because if they looked up, they could see the giant piece of ice cream, which was as big as an iceberg, but made of ice cream, being carried by helium balloons and directed by eagles all the way to Michigan. And Ryan saw that it eventually got to Michigan, to the biggest ice cream factory there. And on the way there, it passed a field of rabbits, and the rabbits were so excited to see the ice cream shower. Yeah, bud. Well, they're like, hey, I'm going to get all this ice cream in my hole instead of eating grass and carrots.

Yeah. And all of the rabbits in the whole of Michigan stopped eating grass, and they stopped eating carrots, and they ate ice cream, and then they got a tummy ache. But luckily, Ryan's neighbor was a veterinarian, which is a doctor that helps animals. So he gave all of the bunny rabbits a little bit of medicine, and they felt all better. And Ryan and his family lived happily ever after. The end.