My name is Olivia. Welcome to make dip stories tell y'all your friends. My name is Olivia, and I will turn five in April 17. I have two brothers named Noah and Roman, and Noah's two years old, and Romans two and a half months old, and I live in Costa Rica. I would like a story about a big giant pool with a purple giraffe and a Lego fairy. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Olivia who lives in Costa Rica and who turned five years old today on April 17. And so we want to say happy birthday, Olivia. And Olivia asked for us to make up a story that includes a pool that has a purple giraffe and also a Lego fairy. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Olivia. Olivia had some Lego at her house, and sometimes she would build castles made out of Lego. And the most magical Lego piece of all that all the kids who played Lego wanted looked like a triangle on top, but it was in the shape of a crown. And Olivia told her mom she really wanted one of those things that was triangle for on top of a Lego castle, but also had a crown on it. And her mom said, Olivia, I don't think there is such a Lego piece. And Olivia told her mom, mom, I know there is, because one day while I was building my Lego castle, there was a Lego fairy who stopped by and went in the house, and she was floating on top of the castle. And the Lego fairy told me, she said, go get the silver triangle piece that goes on top of fairy castles and also has a crown on it. And so Olivia told her mom, mom, you have to believe me. And Olivia's mom said she was not so sure. Well, Olivia had a really good idea. Olivia told her mom that she needed to turn the camera of her phone on, and then she told her mom they were going to leave their phone camera on over the whole night, and the camera would see if any Lego fairy would come and leave a special piece. And Olivia's mom said okay. So they used Olivia's mom's phone, and they turned the camera on, and they left the camera there overnight as Olivia slept in her bed, and Olivia's mom slept in her bed. The next morning, when it was breakfast time, olivia told her mom that even before she had yummy pancakes with maple syrup, she needed to go see the Lego. So Olivia went with her mom to where she kept her Lego toys. And they did see that there was her regular Lego castle, but there wasn't the triangular piece on top that had a crown. And Olivia told her mom, mom, the piece still didn't come. And Olivia's mom said, well, that means there's no Lego fairy. And Olivia said, Wait, mom, we put your phone here last night, and we turned the camera on. Should we check it? And Olivia's mom said okay. So Olivia looked through her mom's phone, and she saw that there was a video that lasted so long, and it was a little bit dark in the video because it was nighttime, but in middle of the video, while everyone was sleeping, you could see something that had kind of like clear butterfly wings come in the room. And that thing was wearing a dress, and it had little teensy tiny shoes that were made of Lego, and it had a Lego crown, and it was the Lego Fairy. The Lego Fairy had come during the night because Olivia saw it on her mom's phone. It was on the camera. There was a video of it. So Olivia showed her mom the video, and Olivia's mom said, wow. And they looked in the video, and they saw that the fairy left the special Lego piece right next to Olivia's special doll. And Olivia went over to her doll, which looked a little bit like a stuffy because it was a silly kind of doll. And she saw that there was really that special Lego piece, the one that was shaped like a triangle but had a crown on it. And she said, Mom, I found it because I saw the Lego Fairy leave it in the video. And Olivia's mom looked, and she really did have the magical Lego piece. So Olivia picked up the magical Lego piece, and she put it on top of her Lego castle. Just as she put it on top of the Lego castle, she saw that it made some magic because the walls of her house, the walls of Olivia's house started to turn into Lego walls, and the stairs in her house turned into Lego stairs, and the windows in Olivia's house looked like Lego windows. Olivia looked outside, and she saw that even her car, her mom's car, turned into a Lego car, and there was a Lego stroller, and there were so many things that were made out of Lego. Olivia asked her mom, mom, do you think this is because we found that magic Lego piece that had the crown on it? And Olivia's mom said she thinks this has something to do with the Lego Fairy. Olivia told her mom that they should go for a drive in the Lego car. So Olivia's mom put Olivia in the Lego car seat, and Olivia's siblings went with her also. And then her mom started to drive the Lego car all the way down the Lego highway past other Lego cars until they got to a forest, which was made out of Lego. All of the trees in the forest were big brown pieces of Lego stacked on top of each other, and there were Lego flowers. There was even Lego grass, which wasn't a lot like real grass, because real grass is soft and you could bend it, but Lego grass is hard and it's not so easy to bend. And Olivia saw all the magic things in the Lego forest, but she told her mom that she saw there was a big pool which was made out of Lego, and you can see that pool behind some of the Lego trees. So Olivia and her mom went all the way through the Lego trees, down the Lego trail to the big Lego pool. The Lego pool was the biggest Lego pool in the whole world. And tourists and visitors would come from around the world to Costa Rica to see the big giant Lego pool. There were even lots of Lego animals in the pool. There was a big purple giraffe that lived in the pool, and that giraffe was actually friends with the Lego fairy because they knew each other's names. And the purple giraffe also said hello to Olivia. And Olivia said, I don't know the purple giraffe. But the purple giraffe told Olivia that really, they did meet a long time ago while she was having a dream because the purple giraffe was splashing in the pool, and he even put soap and bubble bath in a pool. So Olivia said that maybe she remembered the Lego purple giraffe a little bit. And then Olivia and her mom went into the big Lego pool, and they swam around and had so much fun. But later they decided it was time to go home, and they wanted to see if their house was still made of Lego. So Olivia and her mom drove with Olivia's siblings all the way back to their house, and when they got there, they saw it was still Lego. And then Olivia realized there was a magic button on top of the triangle with the crown on it. And if you press the magic button, your house becomes a regular house again. So Olivia decided to press the magic button, and poof. The Lego house became a regular house, and Olivia went to sleep with her parents, and she lived happily ever after. The End thanks for listening to Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.