Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six-year-old girl named Freya. One day, when Freya woke up, her dad said, "How about we go on a train ride together?" And Freya said, "That sounds like a great idea." So Freya's dad packed some yummy snacks for her, and they went to the train station.

When Freya and her dad got to the train station, they saw that there were no regular trains that day. The only trains there on that special day were Thomas trains, and there was also Stanley Steamer, and some of Thomas's friends, but no regular trains. So Freya's dad said, "I got a ticket to the Thomas train today, and we're going to ride on Thomas." And Freya said, "Yay."

The conductor, the chubby conductor, said, "Okay," and Thomas the train said, "Okay." He looked at their ticket and let them on the Thomas train. When they got on the Thomas train, do you know what they saw? There was a lot of candy in the train. So Freya and her dad went on the Thomas train, and the Thomas train left the station on an adventure.

As the Thomas train was going, Freya looked out the window and saw that they were no longer in Surrey, England. It looked like they had gotten to a magical place where there were rainbows in the sky and so many nice things. Thomas the train stopped and said, "Abaluda." That was Thomas's way of saying that everyone could go off the train to have fun.

Freya and her dad got off Thomas train and looked outside. Freya could not believe what she saw. There was so much grass everywhere, and there were some magical sheep. The magical sheep that lived in this magical place that Thomas the train took Freya to were really special. They didn't have regular sheep legs; the sheep had bananas for legs. The sheep were so silly because some of the sheep were playing jump rope, and they had a rope, and they were trying to jump over the rope, but some of them were slipping because bananas are kind of slippery. These sheep had bananas for legs.

The sheep also had special hands that grew out of their back. One of the sheep was using his hands to hold onto a kite, and the sheep was flying a kite. Freya had never seen a sheep that was flying a kite. There was another sheep that was blowing bubbles, and the sheep had so much fun blowing the bubbles all around. There was even a playground for the sheep. One of the sheep went down the slide and came right up to Freya and said, "Freya, do you want to play with us?" And Freya said, "Okay."

Freya asked if she could pet the sheep. The sheep were a regular white color. But do you know what happened when Freya pet the sheep? The sheep turned into rainbow-colored sheep wherever you pet them. So if you pet the sheep on the back, then the back turned rainbow-colored. If you pet the sheep on its head, then its head turned rainbow-colored. All of the sheep were loving to have fun. They were playing so many games and running here and there and everywhere.

Suddenly one of the sheep blew a whistle, and after he blew the whistle, do you know what happened? A unicorn came. The unicorn said, "Sheep, sheep, magical sheep, guess what? It's time for us to have some fun." The sheep said, "Yippee yay," because the sheep knew that this unicorn was so much fun. The unicorn was wearing his pajamas and said, "Attention all the sheep. And also Freya and Freya's dad, Gary, and anyone who is on Thomas the train. It's time for us to go in the bounce house and to jump around."

There was a bounce house, and the sheep started going on the bounce house. It was like a kind of bounce house that has air in it, and you can jump in it. It was so much fun inside. All of the sheep were on their banana legs jumping up and down in the bounce house, and Freya was in the bounce house, and the unicorn, who was wearing pajamas, was in the bounce house. Everyone was having so much fun.

Freya's dad's belly was getting really cold in the bounce house. Freya said, "Dad, is your belly turning into something that's not a regular belly?" The unicorn said, "Magic. Magic. Maboom, I am turning your dad's belly into a snowman belly." Her dad's belly became white like a big snowball, and it turned into a snowman's belly. Freya said, "Dad, your belly is a snowman's belly. It's so big and smooshy." Her dad said, "Yeah, it got so big."

One of the sheep said, "Magic. Magic. Balula," and do you know what happened to her dad's beard? M&Ms got stuck all over her dad's beard. Freya said, "I want the M&Ms. I want the M&Ms." She started reaching her hands into her dad's beard, and M&Ms came out, and they were so yummy.

Freya's dad, Gary, said, "I want to have a regular belly again." So he started to ask the unicorn very nicely, using the word "please," if he could have a regular belly again. The unicorn said, "Okay," and turned his belly back to a regular belly again.

Then all of the sheep said it was time for them to go swimming. The magical unicorn made a kiddie pool appear. Suddenly, right next to the bounce house, there was a really fun kiddie pool, and there was floaty equipment floating in it. The sheep, the unicorn, Freya, and Freya's dad started splashing in the kiddie pool and floating about, and they had so much fun.

It was getting late, and Thomas was ready to go back to the train station in Surrey, England. Thomas said, "Chu. Chu." The conductor came out and said, "Ding, ding, ding." It was time for Freya and her dad to go back on the train. Freya had an idea. She asked the conductor if a unicorn could come with her and a sheep. The conductor said yes.

Freya and her dad went on the train with a unicorn and a sheep, and they went back to their house in Surrey, England. They secretly kept a sheep and a unicorn for whenever they wanted to have a big adventure. From that day forward, whenever they went on a walk through Surrey, England, they brought their magic rainbow-colored sheep and the special unicorn that wore kids' pajamas. Freya and her family lived happily ever after. The end.