Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime. Wampies. Hi, I'm Freya. I'm six years old, and I live in England. Sewy and I would like him unicorn and a magic rainbow sheep, and my daddy. Bye and thank you. You tonight's makeup story is a request from a six year old girl named Freya who lives in Surrey, England. And Freya asked for us to make up a story that includes a unicorn, a magic rainbow sheep, and her daddy, whose name is Gary. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six year old girl whose name was Freya. One day, when Freya woke up, freya's dad said, how about we go on a train ride together? And Freya said, that sounds like a good idea. So Freya's dad packed some yummy snacks for her, and they went to the train station. When Freya and her dad got to the train station, they saw that there were no regular trains that day. The only trains that were there on that special day were Thomas trains, and there was also Stanley Steamer, and there was also some of Thomas's friends, but there were no regular trains. So Freya's dad said, I got a ticket to the Thomas train today, and we're going to get a ride on Thomas. And Freya said, Yay. And the conductor, the fat conductor, said, okay, that's the name of the conductor. And Thomas. The train said okay. And he looked at their ticket, and he let them on the Thomas train. And when they got on the Thomas train, do you know what they saw? There was a lot of candy in the train. So Freya and her dad went on the Thomas train, and the Thomas train said, and it left the station out on adventure. Well, as the Thomas train was going, freya looked out the window, and she saw that they were no longer in Surrey, England. It looked like they had gotten to a magical place where there were rainbows in the sky and there were so many nice things. And do you know what happened? What? Thomas. The train stopped. And he said, Abaluda. And that was Thomas's way of saying that everyone could go off the train to have fun. And Freya and her dad got off Thomas train, and they looked outside, and Freya could not believe what she saw. She saw that there was so much grass everywhere, and there were some magical sheep. And the magical sheep that lived in this magical place that Thomas the train took Freya to were really special. They didn't have regular sheep legs. The sheep had bananas for legs. And the sheep were so silly because some of the sheep were playing jump rope, and they had a rope, and they were trying to jump over the rope, but some of them were slipping because bananas are kind of slippery. And these sheep had bananas for legs. Well, the sheep also had special hands that grew out of their back. And one of the sheep was using his hands to hold onto a kite. And the sheep was flying a kite. And Freya had never seen a sheep that was flying a kite. And there was another sheep that was blowing bubbles, and the sheep had so much fun blowing the bubbles all around. And there was even a playground for the sheep. And one of the sheep went down the slide. And after he went down the slide, he came right up to Freya and said, freya, do you want to play with us? And Freya said okay. And Freya asked if she could pet the sheep. The sheep were regular white color. But do you know what happened when Freya pet the sheep? Bud what? The sheep turned into rainbow colored sheep wherever you pet them. So if you pet the sheep on the back, then the back turned rainbow colored. If you pet the sheep on its head, then its head turned rainbow colored. And all of the sheep were loving to have fun. And they were playing so many games and running hither and thither and back and forth and here and there and everywhere. And suddenly one of the sheep blew a whistle and went and after he blew the whistle do you know what happened after he blew the whistle? A unicorn came. And the unicorn said, Sheep, sheep, magical sheep, guess what? It's time for us to have some fun. And the sheep said, Yippee yay. Because the sheep knew that this unicorn was so much fun. And the unicorn was wearing his pajamas. And the unicorn said, Attention all the sheep. And also Freya and Freya's dad, Gary, and anyone who is on Thomas the train. It's time for us to go in the bounce house and to jump around. There was a bounce house bud and the sheep started going on the bounce house. It's like a kind of bounce house that has air in it and you can jump in it. And it was so much fun inside. And so all of the sheep were on their banana legs jumping up and down in the bounce house, and Freya was in the bounce house, and the unicorn, who was wearing pajamas, was in the bounce house. And everyone was having so much fun. And Freya's dad, his belly was getting really cold in the bounce house. And Freya said, dad is your daddy. Is your belly turning into something that's not a regular belly? And the unicorn said, magic. Magic. maboom, I am turning your dadda's belly into a snowman belly. And her dadda's belly became white like a big snowball, and it turned into a snowman's belly. And then Freya said, dad, your belly is a snowman's belly. It's so big and smooshy. And her dad said, yeah, it got so big. And then one of the sheep said, Magic. Magic. Balula and do you know what happened to her dadda's beard? What? There was Eminems inside Eminems got stuck all over her dadda's beard. And Freya said, I want the Eminems. I want the Eminems. And she started reaching her hands into her dadda's beard, and Eminems came out, and they were so yummy. Well, Freya's dad Gary said, I want to have a regular belly again. And so he started to ask the unicorn very nicely. He used the word please if he could have a regular belly again. And the unicorn said, okay, and turned his belly back to a regular belly again. And then all of the sheep said it was time for them to go swimming. And the magical unicorn made a kiddie pool appear. And suddenly, right next to the bounce house, there was a really fun kiddie pool, and there was floaty equipment floating in it. And the sheep and the unicorn and Freya and Freya's dad started splashing in the kiddie pool and floating about, and they had so much fun. Well, it was getting late, and Thomas was ready to go back to the train station in Surrey, England. And so Thomas said, chu. Chu. And the conductor came out and said, Ding, ding, ding. And it was time for Freya and her dad to go back on the train. But Freya had an idea. She asked the conductor if a unicorn could come with her and a sheep. And the conductor said yes. And Freya and her dad went on the train with a unicorn and a sheep, and they went back to their house in Surrey, England, and they secretly kept a sheep and a unicorn for whenever they wanted to have a big adventure. And from that day forward, whenever they went on a walk through Surrey, England, they brought their magic rainbow colored sheep and the special unicorn that wore kids pajamas. And Freya and her family lived happily ever after. The end. It tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.