Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Sophie. Sophie was walking with her mom on a trail in the forest. On both sides of the trail, they could see big trees. Right under their feet, there was a lot of dirt. There were also some caterpillars that were crossing the trail. You could see them squiggling under some of the rocks. There were some worms on the sides of the trail. Behind the trees, there was also a pond. The pond had green water. Sophie knew that she was never supposed to go in that pond. But this day, her mom asked Sophie if they wanted to go swimming together. Sophie said that was a good idea. So, Sophie and her mom went back to their house, and they got some bathing suits, and they also brought some towels so that they could dry off after they went swimming in the green water.

When they got back to the trail, they saw that the trail was kind of silly. Something had happened to it. First, the dirt started to come out of the ground, and it looked like the trail turned into a big path that went up through the trees and around in a spiral. So instead of just walking on the ground, as they walked on the ground, the ground started to get higher, and the trail went higher and higher, kind of like a slide as it went through trees. Sophie was also surprised that when she and her mom went, the pond was no longer green water. Instead, all of the water turned into rainbow-colored water. It was a real mystery. Sophie's mom said she didn't know how that could happen. But then Sophie saw a clue. There was a big white horse that had a star on his forehead. The big white horse that had a star on its forehead looked like it was the horse of a queen or a king. So Sophie showed her mom that there was the horse there. Sophie's mom said that it must have been that a magical queen or king came. They had a secret kingdom which was actually near Sophie's house in the forest. Sophie said it was very strange, and she didn't even know how this happened. She asked her mom if they should still go swimming, and Sophie's mom said, well, it probably would be fun to go swimming in the rainbow-colored water.

So Sophie and her mom put on their bathing suits, and they went swimming in the rainbow-colored water. Once they went into the rainbow-colored water, some of the water started to turn into whipped cream. The different parts of the rainbow that were different colors turned into different color whipped cream. Sophie saw that her legs were changing from a person's legs to a mermaid's legs. Sophie's mom was already a mermaid. Sophie told her mom that it was kind of fun to be a mermaid, but she was surprised that just going in this rainbow-colored water would turn her into a mermaid. Sophie's mom said, "look at this trick that I can do." She started flapping her mermaid legs around, and it was kind of like a fin, like a fish has. Sophie's mom was able to do a really cool acrobatic trick in the water. Then Sophie said, "well, look what I can do." First, Sophie swam underwater using her mermaid special kinds of legs. Then she swam all the way to the top of the water, where the whipped cream was as fast as she could, and she shot out of the water, and she must have jumped like 4 ft high. Then she splashed back into the water, and the splash that she made from the water was like whipped cream splashes that went all over the trees.

The white horse that was looking decided that it wanted to go swimming as well. The white horse came down to the rainbow-colored water, and the white horse started to go into the water. When the white horse went into the rainbow-colored water, and the whipped cream started to touch it, the white horse started to grow a unicorn horn right where the star was on its forehead. Sophie said, "look, mom, we turned into mermaids, and the white horse is turning into a unicorn." Sophie's mom looked, and she saw that it was true. When the white horse went into the water, it turned into a unicorn. The unicorn wanted to have fun. The unicorn was pretending that the whipped cream was soap, and it was rubbing the whipped cream all over its unicorn body. But it wasn't really soap; it was rainbow whipped cream. So the unicorn was getting a little bit dirty, but in a silly kind of way. The unicorn decided that it wanted to get clean. The unicorn jumped out of the water, and when it splashed back in, all of the water turned from rainbow-colored water to regular colored water, like the kind in a bath or a pool. The unicorn got clean, but it was still a unicorn. The unicorn started to talk to Sophie. Sophie asked the unicorn how it changed from a horse into a unicorn. The unicorn told Sophie and her mom that the same kind of water that turned them into mermaids was good at turning different things into magical things, and that the white horse was actually secretly the queen of all unicorns. Because the white horse was the queen of all unicorns, it could change forms, and it could transform into a regular horse when it wanted, and it could also turn back into a unicorn when it wanted.

Sophie remembered that she once did get a pony ride from a white kind of pony. She wondered if when she got the pony ride, that really maybe the pony was secretly a unicorn. It just didn't go in the rainbow water. She asked the queen unicorn that question. When she asked that question, a crown started to float on top of the unicorn's horn. The unicorn told Sophie that she had a special ability to change whenever she wanted, not just into a regular white horse but also into a white pony. When Sophie did get that pony ride all the way back when she was younger, that really was secretly a unicorn. There are some kids in the world that might have gotten horse rides and unicorn rides, and it looks like the ride is a regular pony or a regular unicorn. But if that horse or that pony has never gone into rainbow-colored water, then you don't even know if that might have been a unicorn. Sophie said to the queen unicorn that that was really cool because she always knew that that pony might have secretly been a unicorn. She just didn't want to tell anybody.

Then Sophie asked the queen unicorn how she could turn back into a regular person. The queen unicorn said, "oh, that's easy. All you have to do is go out of the water." So Sophie and her mom went out of the water, and they got their regular people legs on again. They dried off using the towels that they brought with them. They got dressed, and they went back home. But now they knew the secret way to get to this hidden place in the forest. Sophie and her mom lived happily ever after. The end.