Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Brooks. Brooks was very excited because his mom told him that they were going to visit a magical museum. Brooks had been to a different museum before, but that was just a regular museum, and he really wanted to see what a magical museum looked like. So Brooks got into his car seat, and his mom drove him to the museum.

On their way to the museum, they saw that there were different color traffic lights. Usually, a traffic light is red, yellow, or green. But on the way to the magical museum, there were yellow lights, purple lights, and orange lights. When the light was orange, a car had to go backward, and different lights meant different things. Sometimes there was even a special white light. When it was a white light, a car had to try to go up and down, and everyone in the car had to open and close the door.

Soon, Brooks saw that the magical museum was really close. On top of the museum, there was a big rainbow. In front of the museum, there was a waterfall that went upside down, with the water starting at the bottom and climbing up rocks to the top. Brooks's mom took him out of the car seat, and they went past the waterfall into the magical museum.

When they got inside the magical museum, the person at the front asked Brooks if he wanted some magic powers. Brooks said yes, so the person told him, "Brooks, look into my eyes, and I will give you this magic power." Brooks looked up at the person's eyes, and the person looked at Brooks. Just as the person looked at Brooks, he thought he saw a little star in the person's eyes. The little star went into Brooks's eyes, and that's how he got the magic power.

Brooks felt that he now had the power to turn grownups back into kids. He held his mom's hand and said, "Mom, I'm going to turn you into a kid." Brooks looked into his mom's eyes using his new stare eye power. His mom looked into his eyes, and then Brooks said, "Poof." His mom turned into a four-year-old girl.

Brooks's mom asked, "Brooks, how did you turn me into a kid?" Brooks said he just had stare eye power and that he would turn his mom back into a grown-up after they left the Magic Museum. His mom agreed and said she wanted to play. Brooks said they had to look through the museum first, and then they could play. His mom, now a four-year-old girl, agreed.

Brooks looked around the museum and saw that it was very special. None of the food in the museum, like milk, spoiled or got old, and fruits couldn't rot. Everything in the museum stayed good forever. If you dropped a big toy from the roof of the museum to the ground, it wouldn't break. Toys couldn't break in the Magic Museum. If a piece of the toy fell off, it would magically come back on. The magic museum was really special.

Brooks showed his mom a Transformer motorcycle. Usually, motorcycles have two wheels, one in the front and one in the back. But the Transformer motorcycle that Brooks saw had a big circle made up of wheels, with wheels on every part of the circle. As the motorcycle moved, all the wheels in the circle moved too. The driver of the motorcycle sat in the middle of the big circle wheel. Brooks told his mom that it looked like a fun ride, but it might not be very safe.

His mom said she wanted to go on a slide. Brooks saw a slide that went into a kiddie pool. He and his mom went on the slide, which turned around and went round and round until it reached the kiddie pool. The pool wasn't very deep, but there were a few fishies. Brooks and his mom swam in the kiddie pool and played with the fishies.

After they were done swimming, Brooks and his mom dried themselves off with a towel. Then Brooks decided it was time for them to take a drive through the museum because there was a race car and a carpet for the race car to drive on. Brooks showed his mom the race car, and they ran over to it, hand in hand.

When they got to the race car, Brooks saw a monkey race car driver. He asked the monkey if he and his mom could have a turn driving the race car on the carpet because kids were allowed to drive this race car. The monkey said they could and that there were car seats in the driver's seat and the passenger seat.

Brooks got into the car, and after he did, the car started to talk to him. The car asked Brooks if he wanted to go slow, medium, or fast. Brooks told the car to wait until he and his mom were strapped in. Once they were both strapped into their car seats, Brooks told the car to go a little fast. The talking car went a little fast, then medium, and finally very fast as it sped across the magical carpet in the museum.

Brooks and his mom neared the end of the carpet, and other kids wanted turns in the race car. So they got out of their car seats, opened the doors, and said goodbye to the race car. The car said goodbye and that it had a lot of fun driving with them.

Brooks's mom asked if it was a good time to turn her back into a grown-up, and Brooks agreed because they needed to get lunch, and he needed his mom's grown-up help. Brooks looked into his mom's eyes, and she looked into his. Brooks used his star power and said, "Poof." His mom turned back into a grown-up.

Brooks and his mom got some yummy lunch, which was a hot dog with ketchup and a carrot that tasted like a cupcake. They loved the carrot cupcake treats. Afterward, Brooks and his mom left the Magic Museum and lived happily ever after. The end.