Welcome to makeup stories. My name's Audrey. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Hi, I am Brooks and I'm from Colorado and I still to be about Spiderman and the kodak and talk and as morose angle. How old are you? And I'm three years old. And where are you from? Bayfield, Colorado. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a boy named Brooks, who lives in Bayfield, Colorado, and whose birthday was yesterday, February 3, when Brooks turned four. And so we want to say happy birthday, Brooks. And Brooks asked for us to make up a story that includes Spiderman, which is a superhero, a car that can talk, and a motorcycle. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Brooks. Brooks was very excited because his mom told him that they were going to go to a magical museum. Brooks had been to a different museum, but that was just a regular museum, and Brooks really wanted to see what a magical museum looked like. So Brooks went in his car seat, and Brooks's mom drove him to the museum. On their way to the museum, they saw that there were different color traffic lights. Normally, a traffic light is red or yellow or green. But on the way to the magic museum, there were yellow lights and purple lights and orange lights. And when the light was orange, a car would have to go backwards, and different lights meant different things. Sometimes there is even a special light that was the color of white. And when it was a white light, a car had to try to go up and down, and everyone in the car had to open and close the door. Well, Brooks saw that the magical museum was really close to him. On top of the museum, there was a big rainbow. And in front of the museum, there was a waterfall that was going upside down, and the water was starting at the bottom, and it was climbing up rocks to go to the top. Well, Brooks's mom took Brooks out of the car seat, and Brooks and his mom went past the waterfall into the magic museum. When they got inside the magic museum, the person at the front of the museum asked Brooks if he wanted some magic powers. And Brooks said, okay. And so the person said, Brooks, look me in my eyes, and I will give you this magic power. And Brooks looked up at the person's eyes, and the person looked at Brooks. And just as the person looked at Brooks, brooks thought he saw, like a little star in the person's eyes. And then the little star went into Brooks's eyes. And that's how Brooks got the magic power. Brooks felt that he now had the power to turn grownups back into kids. And he held his mom's hand, and he said, mom, I'm going to turn you into a kid. And Brooks looked in his mom's eyes using his new stare eye power. And his mom looked in his eyes, and then Brooks said, Poof. And Brooks's mom turned into a four year old girl. Brooks's mom said, Brooks, how did you turn me into a kid? And Brooks said he just had stare eye power and that he would turn his mom back into a grown up after they got out of the Magic Museum. And Brooks's mom said, okay, and that she wanted to play. And Brooks said, first they have to look through the museum, and then they could play. And Brooks's mom, who was also a four year old girl, said, okay. Brooks looked around the museum, and he saw that it was a very special museum because none of the food in the museum, like the milk didn't spoil or get old, and a fruit couldn't get rotten. Everything in the museum stayed good forever. And if you dropped a big toy from the roof of the museum all the way to the ground, it wouldn't break. Toys couldn't break. In the Magic Museum, all that would happen is because it dropped, a piece of the toy would fall off, but then magically, it would come back on. And the magic museum was really special. So Brooks showed his mom that there was a Transformer motorcycle. Usually motorcycles just have two wheels, one in the front and one in the back. But the Transformer motorcycle that Brooke saw had a big circle, and the circle was made up of wheels, and there were wheels on every part of the circle. And as the motorcycle would go, all of the wheels in the circle would go as well. And the driver of the motorcycle would sit in middle of the big circle wheel. And Brooks told his mom that that looked like a fun ride, but it might not be so safe. And Brooks's mom said that she wanted to go on a slide. And Brooks saw that there was a slide that went into a kiddie pool. And Brooks and his mom went on the slide, and the slide turned around and went round and round until it went into the kiddie pool. And the kiddie pool was not very deep, but there were a couple of fishies. And so Brooks and his mom got to swim in the kiddie pool, and they got to play with the fishies. And then Brooks told his mom that they were done going in the pool, and they saw that there was a towel, so they dried themselves off. And then Brooks decided that it was time for them to take a drive through the museum because really there was a race car in the museum, and there was a carpet that the race car could go on. And so Brooks showed his mom where the race car was, and Brooks's mom held Brooks's hand, and they started to run all the way to the race car, which was parked. When they got to the race car. Brooks saw that there was a monkey race car driver, and Brooks asked the monkey race car driver if he could have a turn driving the race car on the carpet because kids were allowed to drive this race car. And the monkey said to Brooks, you and your mom are allowed to drive the race car and that there are some car seats in the driver's seat and the passenger seat. And Brooks got in the car, and after he got in the car, the car started to talk to him. And the car asked Brooks if he wanted to go slow, medium, or fast. And Brooks told the car that he had to wait until he got strapped in. And Brooks's mom also needed to get strapped in to her car seat because she was also a little kid because of Brooks's stare eye power. And Brooks told the car that he was strapped in and they were ready to go. And the car said, okay. And then Brooks didn't even have to turn a steering wheel, and he didn't have to press a pedal, whatever. He told the talking car that's what the car had to do. So Brooke said, a little fast. And then the race car that could talk went a little fast. And then Brooke said medium. And then the race car said, went medium. And then Brooke said, very fast. And the race car sped across the magical carpet in the museum. And Brooks's mom and Brooks said we well, they were nearing the end of the carpet, and there were other kids who also wanted turns to go in the race car. So Brooks and his mom went out of their car seats, and they opened up the driver and passenger doors. And Brooks and his mom got out of the race car, and the race car said goodbye to them and that he had a lot of fun driving with him. And Brooks said goodbye. Brooks's mom asked Brooks if it was a good time to turn her back into a grownup, and Brooks said, okay, because they also needed to get lunch, and Brooks needed his mom's grownup help. So Brooks looked into his mom's eyes, and Brooks's mom looked into Brooks, and Brooks used his star power and said, Poof. And Brooks's mom turned back into a grown up. And Brooks and his mom got some yummy yummy lunch, which was a hot dog with ketchup, and they had a kind of carrot that tastes like a cupcake, and they loved the carrot cupcake yummy treats. And Brooks and his mom went out of the Magic Museum, and they lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Say your friends.