Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse used to go to sleep on two beds in the kids' bedroom in their house. Every night before sleep, their dad would tell them a makeup story or a story about when he was younger. After their dad went out of the room, Jonah and Jesse would make sure the door was closed so that their dad couldn't hear them. They would use the secret key that they had hidden under their pillow. They would put the key in the wall, and the wall would turn into a computer screen, and the computer screen would turn into a curtain, and the curtain would start to go up into the ceiling. Then, instead of going to sleep, Jonah and Jesse used to go through the empty space where the curtain was and enter the portal.

When Jonah and Jesse entered their portal, it looked like their bodies were still laying down on their bed, and it looked like they were sleeping. So if their dad or their mom checked their room, their parents would just see kids sleeping. But really, using the special key to the portal that made the wall in the room turn into a computer screen, and the computer screen turn into a curtain, and the curtain open up, Jonah and Jesse were able to go to a place where they could stay awake the whole night.

The portal that they entered was a little bit like part of a dream. Everyone who lived in the portal could fly, and it was light everywhere. There was not even such a thing as nighttime. There were always rainbows in the sky, and people could get as big or small as they wanted. All you had to do was hold your breath for a long time, and then it would kind of blow you up just like you were a balloon. So just like people could blow out air to blow up a balloon, if they sucked in air, then they got bigger in the portal.

In this portal, people could get to be as big as they wanted, and they could also get to be as small as they wanted. People could also fly around, and they could do lots of cool things. One of the special things about the portal was that the people who were all around could be any age because people in this portal, if they felt like they were starting to get old, all they had to do was eat some sugar, and it would make them young again. If people were starting to get sick, then they used to have to get a special pink kind of sugar, and they would eat the pink sugar, and it would start to make them feel better.

If you were starting to get old, you could eat a certain kind of sugar, and then it would make you start to get younger again. It was a really fun thing. That's why lots of kids liked to go to this portal. But one day there was a real problem. The king of this portal, whose name was King Huang, had a report. The report was from one of his soldiers. The soldier had a flying cape and held a big fork, and he was reading a piece of paper that had a picture on it. The soldier read a report that said there was a kid who lived in this portal, and his name was Jesse. The kid kept eating sugar to make himself older and to make it be his birthday. After it was his birthday, he would get cake and have a party. Once his party was over, he would have the other kind of sugar and get younger again so that every day he could have a new birthday party. The soldier read from the piece of paper that it wasn't fair that the kid was making himself younger every day to have a new birthday party.

The king of the portal, King Huang, decided that the kid had to go before him in the royal court. An eagle carried a special message that was written on a piece of paper and had a stamp on it, and it was a unicorn stamp. The eagle carried the paper all the way through the clouds until it got to the igloo where Jesse lived. Jesse's igloo floated in the sky. Inside the igloo, right in the middle, there was an ice cream cake. Jesse was in the middle of blowing out the candles to the ice cream cake because it was his birthday again that day when the soldier told Jesse he had to stop blowing out the candles and appear before the royal court.

Jesse decided to use a trick. Instead of stopping to blow out the candles, Jesse blew out the candles and didn't listen to the soldier. But you get to make a wish when you blow out the candles. Jesse wished that the soldier would go away. He closed his eyes and made the wish that the soldier would go away. He blew the candles, and poof, the soldier went away.

The next day, King Huang woke up and said, "Whatever happened with that Jesse? And why didn't he come to my royal court?" Everyone started looking for the soldier who was supposed to bring the message with an eagle to Jesse, and nobody could find the soldier. The next day, King Huang said that they had to send ten soldiers all the way to Jesse's house, and they had to tell him to go to the royal court because he couldn't have so many birthdays. The next day, ten soldiers went riding their magic unicorns through the clouds all the way to Jesse's igloo. But when they got to Jesse's igloo, they saw that Jesse wasn't blowing out candles. Instead, he was hiding behind a mirror. Wherever they looked around for Jesse, they couldn't find him. They could only see their own reflection. It was a magic mirror in Jesse's igloo. The mirror made new people come alive whenever people looked in it. The ten soldiers now became twenty soldiers. All of those twenty soldiers started to laugh and giggle and point at each other because they thought it was so funny that they all had twins. The twenty soldiers left.

Jesse decided to come out from behind the mirror. When he came out, he saw that his big brother Jonah was there. He said, "Jonah, I'm just trying to hide because the soldiers were trying to tell me to go to the royal court because King Huang says I'm having too many birthdays." Jonah told Jesse he had a good idea. Jesse said, "Well, what is it?" Jonah told Jesse that if the king was trying to find him, he should just hold Jonah's hand, and they should escape together past the special curtain that turned into a computer screen that was where the wall was in their bedroom. Jesse held Jonah's hand, and they went past the special screen until they got back into their bedroom and were back on their beds. The next day, Jonah and Jesse woke up, and they lived with their family happily ever after. The end.