Yiddaya. Welcome to make it up stories. My name is Alma go to makeup stories.com. Tonight's makeup story is a request for my son Jonah, who asks for us to make up a story that includes a key to a magic portal, a dead person that comes back alive again, and a family and a picture. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse used to go to sleep on two beds in the kids bedroom in their house. And every night before sleep, their dad would tell them a makeup story or a story about when he was younger. And every night after their dad went out of the room, jonah and Jesse would make sure the door was closed so that their dad couldn't hear them. And they would use the secret key that they had hidden under their pillow. And they would put the key in the wall, and the wall would turn into a computer screen, and the computer screen would turn into a curtain, and the curtain would start to go up into the ceiling. And then instead of going to sleep, jonah and Jesse used to go through the empty space where the curtain was and enter the portal. When Jonah and Jesse entered their portal, it looked like their bodies were still laying down on their bed, and it looked like they were sleeping. So if their dad or their mom checked their room, their parents would just see kids sleeping. But really using the special key to the portal that made the wall in the room turn into a computer screen, and the computer screen turn into a curtain, and the curtain open up, jonah and Jesse were able to go to a place where they could stay awake the whole night. The portal that they entered was a little bit like part of a dream. Everyone who lived in the portal could fly, and it was light everywhere. There was not even such a thing as nighttime. There were always rainbows in the sky, and people could get as big or small as they wanted. All you had to do was hold your breath for a long time, and then it would kind of blow you up just like you were a balloon. So just like people could blow out air to blow up a balloon, if they sucked in air, then they got bigger in the portal. Yeah, bud, could you come alive then? Do you never die? And in this portal, people could get to be as big as they wanted, and they could also get to be as small as they wanted. And people could also fly around, and they could do lots of cool things. One of the special things about the portal was that the people who were all around could be any age, because people in this portal, if they felt like they were starting to get old, all they had to do was eat some sugar and it would make them young again. And so if people were starting to get sick, then they used to have to get a special pink kind of sugar and they would eat the pink sugar and it would start to make them feel better. Yabud. Why not just get younger or older and then you just recover? Well, that's exactly what the sugar did. If you were starting to get old, you could eat the certain kind of sugar and then it would make you start to get younger again. And it was a really fun thing. And that's why lots of kids like to go in this portal. But one day there was a real problem. The king of this portal, whose name was King Huang, had a report. And the report was from one of his soldiers. And the soldier had a flying cape and he also held a big fork and he was reading a piece of paper that had a picture on it. And the soldier read a report that said there was a kid who lived in this portal and his name was Jesse. And the kid kept eating sugar to make himself older and to make it be his birthday. And then after it was his birthday, he would get cake and have a party. And once his party was over, do you know what he would do? What? He would have the other kind of sugar and get younger again so that every day he could have a new birthday party. And the soldier read from the piece of paper that it wasn't fair that the kid get making himself younger every day to have a new birthday party. Well, the king of the portal, King Huang, decided that the kid had to go before him in the royal court. And so there was an eagle that carried a special message that was written on a piece of paper and it had a stamp on it and it was a unicorn stamp. And the eagle carried the paper all the way through the clouds until it got to the Igloo where Jesse lived. And Jesse's Igloo floated in the sky. And inside the Igloo, right in middle, there was the ice cream cake. And he was in middle of blowing out the candles to the ice cream cake because it was his birthday again that day when the soldier told Jesse he had to stop blowing out the candles and he had to appear before the royal court. But do you know what Jesse did? Jesse decided to use a trick. Instead of stopping to blow out the candles, jesse blew out the candles and didn't listen to the soldier. But you get to make a wish when you blow out the candles. And so Jesse wished that the soldier would go away. And Jesse closed his eyes and he made the wish that the soldier would go away. And he blew the candles and poof. The soldier went away. Well, the next day, King Huang woke up, and he said, whatever happened with that Jesse? And why didn't he come to my royal court? And everyone started looking for the soldier who was supposed to bring the message with an eagle to Jesse, and nobody could find the soldier. And so the next day, King Huang said that they had to send ten soldiers all the way to Jesse's house, and they had to tell him to go to the royal court because he couldn't have so many birthdays. And the next day, ten soldiers went riding their magic unicorns through the clouds all the way to Jesse's Igloo. But when they got to Jesse's Igloo, they saw that Jesse wasn't blowing out candles. Instead, he was hiding behind the mirror. And wherever they looked around for Jesse, they couldn't find him. They could only see their own reflection. And it was a magic mirror in Jesse's Igloo. The mirror made new people come alive whenever people looked in it. And so those ten soldiers now became 20 soldiers. And all of those 20 soldiers started to laugh and giggle and point at each other because they thought it was so funny that they all had twins. And the 20 soldiers left. Well, Jesse decided to come out from behind the mirror. And when he came out, he saw that his big brother Jonah was there. And he said, Jonah, I'm just trying to hide because the soldiers were trying to tell me to go to the royal court because King Huang says I'm having too many birthdays. And Jonah told Jesse he had a good idea. And Jesse said, well, what is it? And Jonah told Jesse that if the king was trying to find him, he should just hold Jonah's hand and they should escape together past the special curtain that turned into a computer screen. That was where the wall was in their bedroom. And so Jesse held Jonah's hand, and they went past the special screen until they got back into their bedroom and were back on their beds. And the next day, Jonah and Jesse woke up, and they lived with their family happily ever after. The End aya thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Oliver. Go to Makeup stories.com if you want to be a part of the club. Bye. Thank you. Bye, everyone.