Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Lilac. Lilac lived in a very interesting forest. This forest wasn't made of trees, but of grass! And all the people who lived in Lilac's forest were little, as tall as a shoe. When they walked around the grass forest, the blades of grass were taller than them because they were so small. They were regular people living in this grass forest. For example, Lilac had a friend named Nancy, who was really good at playing. She especially liked to jump rope and could go really high on the swing. But the jump rope Nancy used was a piece of dental floss, which is what parents use to clean their teeth. And when Nancy wanted to go on a swing, she didn't use a regular swing. She used a swing made out of a piece of grass.

In this grass forest, there were some friendly turtles. One of the turtles was named Tommy. Tommy the turtle had a shell that was not a regular turtle shell, but it was made out of an ice cream cone. Tommy also wore a helmet and goggles, even though he wasn't swimming underwater. Lilac and her friend Nancy always told Tommy Turtle that he didn't need goggles because he was just walking through grass. Tommy Turtle used to laugh whenever they said that, and he thought it was so silly. He would give turtle rides to the people in the grass village.

One day, Lilac and Nancy were going on a ride on Tommy the Turtle, and they asked him why he needed a helmet. Tommy the turtle said it was because his shell was just made of an ice cream cone, and if there was ever a predator that tried to get him, it was useful for him to have a hard helmet because his ice cream cone shell was not hard enough. So as they were going on this ride, suddenly Lilac and Nancy heard a noise. The noise said, "Help! Help!" They looked over and saw that on top of a little pile of leaves, there was another little person. It was Prince Peter, the ruler of the whole Grass village. Prince Peter was a really special boy, and all the kids loved to hang out with him, especially Lilac and Nancy. Prince Peter was the kid in the whole Grass village who could climb up grass the fastest. He also knew how to make silly noises and sometimes spoke in a funny language that no one could understand.

Prince Peter said he needed help because he was stuck in a hole that a doggie had been digging. Lilac, Nancy, and Tommy the Turtle tried to help him, but they couldn't reach him. So Lilac had an idea. She whistled for the friendliest dog of all, whose name was Danny. Danny was a dog that was only as big as a mouse, but he always loved to save the day. Danny the dog ran over to where Tommy the turtle, Lilac, and Nancy were waiting by the hole. He put his tail in the hole, and Prince Peter grabbed Danny's doggy tail. Danny's doggie ran out, carrying Prince Peter out of the hole.

When they got out of the hole, they saw a pile of poop and a big bug climbing on it. Prince Peter asked Lilac what kind of bug it was, and Lilac told him it was a dung beetle, a type of bug that climbs on top of poop and eats it. Prince Peter said, "That's disgusting!" Lilac, Nancy, and Danny the doggie agreed and laughed.

They all went back to their grass village where they decided to have a playdate with all their friends. During the playdate, Lilac told everyone about their great big adventure. All of Lilac's friends listened to Lilac and Nancy as they told the story. And Lilac and everyone else lived happily ever after. The end.