Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime wombus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a listener whose name is Lilac. And Lilac is a big girl, and she asked for us to make up a story that includes a prince and a turtle. And we are also going to add dung beetle to the story. Dung beetles are types of beetles which are black bugs that like to go on poopoo. And dung beetles love to eat poop. And we're also going to add to the story a doggie that ended up giving birth to wolves and Siberian husky dogs and all kinds of modern day dogs. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Lilac. Lilac lived in a very interesting forest. The forest wasn't in the trees. It was a forest that was made out of grass. And all of the people that lived in Lilac's forest were little. The people were so big that they were only as tall as a shoe. And when the people walked around the grass forest, the pieces of grass were taller than the people because the people were so little. They were regular people that lived in this grass forest. For example, Lilac had a friend whose name was Nancy, and Nancy was really good at playing. She especially liked to jump rope, and she could go really high on the swing. But the jump rope that Nancy used was a piece of dental floss, which is what parents used to clean their teeth. And when Nancy wanted to go on a swing, she didn't use a regular swing. She used a swing made out of a piece of grass. Well, in this forest made up of grass, there were some friendly turtles. And one of the turtles names, did they need to use floss because they were only this big? Yes. And all of the people in Lilac's village needed to use pieces of dental floss and stuff like that because they were so little. And Lilac was a big girl, but she was still as little as a shoe. And her mama was, and her daddy was, and her friend Nancy was. And there were turtles that used to walk around the grass forest, and the turtles were the nicest turtles, because they would let all of the people who lived in this grass village go on rides. And the friendliest turtle was named Tommy. Tommy the turtle had a shell that was not a regular turtle shell, but it was made out of ice cream cone. And Tommy also had a helmet on. Now, most turtles don't usually need helmets, because what turtles do is if they see something scary, they could hide their head inside their shell, so they don't need a helmet. And if they're going to bang their head, they could just put their head in the shell. Well, Tommy turtle was the silliest turtle of all, and he wore a helmet. Tommy the turtle also wore some goggles, even though he wasn't swimming underwater. And Lilac and her friend Nancy used to always tell Tommy Turtle, you do not need goggles because you're just walking through grass. And Tommy Turtle used to laugh whenever they said that, and he would think it was so silly, and he would give turtle rides. Well, one day, Lilac was going on a turtle ride on Tommy the Turtle because his shell was made out of ice cream cones. Yes, one day, Lilac and Nancy were going on a ride on Tommy the Turtle, and they asked him why he needed a helmet. And Tommy, the turtle said, really? It's because his shell was just made of an ice cream cone. And if there was ever a predator that tried to get him, it's useful for him to have a hard, hard helmet because his ice cream cone shell was not hard enough. So as they were going on this ride, suddenly Lilac and Nancy heard a noise. And the noise said, Help. Help. And they looked over, and they saw that on top of a little pile of leaves, there was another little person. And it was a person who was the ruler of the whole Grass village. And the ruler's name was Prince Peter. Prince Peter was a really special boy, and all of the kids loved to hang out with him, especially Lilac and especially Nancy. Prince Peter was the kid in the whole Grass village that could climb up grass the fastest. And Prince Peter also knew how to make silly noises. And instead of speaking in regular English, sometimes he spoke in a silly language that sounded like this said a gum to the gymes of the guys for their geek it again it a gay, said the gay lithighee with a gang with a Gidge of the gowns lithogyke. They're the gifts. And Nancy and Lilac would say, what are you even saying? And Prince Peter said I said I need you guys to help because I'm stuck. And they said, well, where are you stuck? We can come to the rescue. And they told Tommy the Turtle to turn around, and they started to go right where Prince Peter was stuck. And Prince Peter showed them that he was stuck on the bottom of a hole in the ground. And it was a hole that a doggie had been digging, but Prince Peter was not tall enough to get out of it because Prince Peter was small, just like all the rest of the people. And Prince Peter said, Lilac, Nancy, can you help me get out of this hole? And Lilac and Nancy said we can help. And they asked Tommy the Turtle if Tommy the Turtle could back in. Tommy the Turtle couldn't get all the way there. And so Lilac had an idea. She whistled a whistle for the friendliest dog of all whose name was Danny. And she went and just as she said that Danny the dog appeared danny was a dog that was only as big as a mouse. It was the littlest dog of all. But Danny the dog is the dog that sometimes had big babies. Danny the dog could sometimes give birth to wolves. And Danny the dog could sometimes have babies that were golden retrievers or coyotes or lots of different types of dogs. And Danny the dog always loved to save the day. So Danny the dog woofed over to where Tommy the turtle, Lilac and Nancy were waiting by the hole, and he put his tail in the hole and Prince Peter grabbed the Danny's doggy's tail and Danny's doggie ran out, carrying Prince Peter out of the hole. But when they got out of the pole, out of the hole, they saw that there was a pile of poop. And Prince Peter said, we wouldn't want to step in that. And Lilac and Nancy laughed because they thought that was too silly. But they saw a big bug climbing in the pile of poop. And Prince Peter asked Lilac, lilac, what kind of bug is that? That's black, and that is climbing on the poop, and why is it doing that? And Lilac told Prince Peter that that is a dung beetle. And a dung beetle is a type of bug that climbs on top of poop and eats poop. And Prince Peter said, that's disgusting. And Lilac and Nancy agreed and they laughed. And Danny the doggie said, Woof, woof, woof. And they all went back to their grass village where they decided to have a playdate with all of their friends. And when they had their playdate, Lilac told all of her friends. Announcement and everyone, I want to tell you about my great big adventure. And all of Lilac's friends listened to Lilac and Nancy as Lilac told about her great adventure. And Lilac and everyone else lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. If you liked the story, tell your friends about makeup stories and write us a five star review. You can also connect with us on Facebook at make depth stories.