Welcome to makeup the kids bedtime rumpus. Hi, my name is Lisa and I live in Washington and mine, and I'm one, two, three of old and my brother's name is Sam. And we lost three of a valley's unicorn, christmas, it's and devil. Tonight's makes up story is a request from a three year old listener who lives in Everett, Washington and whose name is Reese. Reese and her brother Sam, who's one year old asked for us to make up a story that includes fairies, which are like boats that you could get rides on, unicorns, and Christmas lights, which have a lot of different colors. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a three year old girl whose name was Reese. Reese lived pretty close to the ocean. And Reese always wanted to take a ferry to go to the other side of the ocean, because she thought they might find some special things along the way. Well, Reese asked her dad, dad, can you take me on a ferry ride? And we'll go explore the ocean and we'll make sure there's like a real captain on the ferry and such. And Reese's dad said yes. So the next day they brought their fishing rod and they also brought some bubbles, and they got some snacks and they went to board the ferry. The ferry ship had a lot of other people and some cars on it. It was such a big ferry ship that it could carry 17 cars. And there were also places on the ferry ship where kids could get cookies. And there were places where you could get orange juice and apple juice. And you can go to the top of the ferry and look out and see the ocean or the clouds. Or you could go inside the ferry in the bottom, and then you can see where there were little toy pony rides. And you could go on the pony ride. It wasn't a real pony because it had electricity attached to it. And the pretend pony would make you go up and down and up and down. Could the ferry fit 100 people? That's a good question, bud. And the ferry was so big, it could fit about 84 different people. Well, as they were going, Reese noticed that the clouds in the sky were starting to change different colors and it was starting to rain bubbles. Bubbles were falling down from the clouds instead of rain. And the bubbles would come down. That's not good for the fishies. Yes. And the bubbles would start coming down. And Reese said, Captain, captain, bubbles are coming down from the sky and it's not good for the fishies. And the captain looked at the bubbles and saw that they were very colorful bubbles. And the captain told Reese and everyone else on the boat, attention everybody. I have an important announcement to make. For the first time ever, it is raining bubbles from the sky. Usually bubbles aren't good for fishies. But this is a kind of bubble that has no soap and seems to pop before it reaches the water. And it also might be magic bubbles. And just when the captain of the ferry ship said that it might be magic bubbles, a big bubble, the biggest bubble in the whole world, a bubble that was bigger than a building, a bubble that was bigger even than a storm cloud came and went on the whole ferry, and the whole entire ferry started floating up. The whole entire ferry got covered in this big bubble. And then the bubble ended up going under the water. It still stayed a bubble. It didn't pop. And the whole bubble took the ferry ship under the water, did it transform into a submarine? And it was able to go through the water even though it wasn't a submarine. And the bubble still didn't pop since it was magical and everyone could breathe because they were still in the magic bubble. So nobody had to worry about, well, we're underwater, we can't breathe, and you can still stay on top of the boat. And as long as you're in that big, big magic bubble around the boat, you're okay. Well, the ferry boat kept going lower and lower into the ocean until it got to the bottom of the ocean. Now, what Reese saw, and she was the first person on the ship to see this because her brother Sam, who's one year old, was crying by the window. And when she looked at why Sam was crying, do you know what she saw? Bud what? She saw a whole bubble city that looked like it was magical and that might have been a lost city that was under the water from a long time ago. The city that was in a bubble and under the water was so close. And her ferry ship, which was also in a bubble, went into the city's bubble. And the ferry ship parked in the airport of the city because the city that was underwater in a bubble even had an airport. And Reese worried all of them. Only the airports had seaplanes. And Reese was like, what kind of plane could even go underwater? And do you know what it was? What? There's a secret type of submarine called a submarine airplane that could fly over the sky and dive under the water and go to this secret city. And so we saw that in the airport of this city, there really had submarine airplanes. Now, this city was really special because the underground bubble city was the home to all the unicorns. And the sky in the underground bubble city was covered in red and green and blue blinking Christmas lights, and it looked very pretty. And she saw that the unicorns were all playing special unicorn games. And the unicorns were like jumping up and down. But unicorns can jump even higher than people. They could jump as high as a building, and the unicorns were on the swings, and the unicorns had strawberries to share, and the unicorns were eating yogurt, and the unicorns were doing so many fun things. But these unicorns were not regular unicorns because they had to move around this underground bubble city. And the way these unicorns moved around is they had a fan at the end of their unicorn horns. And when they wanted to go somewhere, they would turn the fan on, and they would fly like a helicopter because the fan would be on top of their unicorns. They would stick their head in the air, and suddenly they would fly using their unicorn horns, which had a fan at the end, and it would go. But sometimes the unicorns could make their helicopter like fans, make different sounds, and they could even sound like motorcycles, and they could even sound like police cars. And it was so much fun. One of the unicorns said, reese, do you and your brother Sam want a ride? And Reese looked at her dad and said, should we get a ride? And Reese's dad said, I think that would be a good idea. And so Reese took a ride on a unicorn, which actually had a car seat on top of it, and there was a different unicorn that gave her brother Sam a ride also. And that unicorn also had a car seat strapped to it. And then they used their horns and the fan on top of their unicorn horns to go fly around. And just as they were getting to have so much fun, they passed an amusement park where there was cotton candy and a ferris wheel in this bubble city that was under the water, and there's a merry go round and so many fun rides. But Reese noticed that the bubble with her ship was starting to go up again, and so she told her dad to hurry. And her dad carried her little brother Sam, and Reese and her dad and her little brother Sam got on the ferry, and the bubble went back up to the regular top of the ocean. And Reese told her parents that they had a wonderful, fun adventure in the hidden under the water bubble city where unicorns come from. And the ferry that they were on went all the way back home to Everett, Washington. And Reese and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.