Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jesse. One day, Jesse woke up, got out of his bunk bed, and walked to his parents' room. He saw that his mom and dad were sleeping, and he really wanted to wake them up. So he gently touched his mom's hair and said, "Mama, wake up." When his mom got out of bed, there was a copy of her. One mom stayed in bed, and the other got up. Jesse then went to his dad and said, "Dad, wake up. There's an extra mom." When his dad got up, there was an extra dad too. Jesse, his dad, and his extra mom all went back to Jesse's room to wake up his brother Jonah. But when they got there, they saw an extra Jesse sleeping on the bed. Jesse told his parents, "That's not me. That's just a pretend me." They woke up Jonah, and an extra Jonah appeared too. They realized they were creating so many people!

They went to the kitchen for breakfast and saw that all the trees outside their house had turned into chocolate trees. The trees looked normal, but they were growing little pieces of chocolate. Jesse told everyone to look at the chocolate trees. They all went outside, and Jesse got a piece of chocolate from one of the trees. He decided to mix it with his cereal. His extra mom poured milk and Cheerios into a bowl, and Jesse added the chocolate. When he mixed it, the cereal turned into a circle rainbow, looking a bit like Lucky Charms. Jesse tasted it, and suddenly he started getting bigger, like there was a balloon inside his tummy being blown up. His shoes and pants got bigger too. Soon, Jesse's head touched the ceiling, and he had to crawl just to stay inside the house.

Jonah wanted to get big too, so he tried the cereal. But instead, he got really small, like an ant. Their dad, Steve, tried the cereal and started floating. Their extra mom, Amanda, tried it and turned into water, spilling all over the floor. Jesse said, "Oh no, mom went away." But then he remembered it was just the copy of his mom. He woke up his real mom and told her not to try the cereal because of what happened to everyone else. Amanda looked around the room and asked, "Why is everything so silly?" Jesse told her about the chocolate trees and the magical cereal.

Jesse told his family they should all go outside since he was too big to stay inside. When they went outside, they saw other kids who had also turned into giants. Little Jonah asked Jesse for a ride on his shoulder, and Jesse agreed. Steve floated around, and Jonah reminded Amanda not to eat the chocolate from the trees.

The whole family decided to walk to the playground to figure out the mystery. When they got there, they saw a crowd of giants who used to be kids, all clapping. Jesse noticed that one of the giants had a picture of a square on his shirt, just like Jesse. He pressed the square on his shirt, and a magical TV appeared in front of him. The other giants did the same. Jesse used the square to make Jonah big again and tried to help Steve stop floating, but it only worked for kids.

Jesse had an idea to help Steve. They had to get a straw and attach it to Steve's belly button. Then they would suck in from the other side of the straw to get all the floaty air out. They did this, and Steve stopped floating. The sun started turning green, and as the green light covered the town, the chocolate trees turned back into regular trees. Jesse and Jonah returned to their normal sizes, and Amanda didn't turn into water anymore. All the kids in town turned back to normal too.

They all agreed that it was fun but a little scary. Maybe everything became normal because of what they did with the straw and Steve's belly button, or maybe it was the green sun. Either way, Jesse, Jonah, Steve, Amanda, and everyone else in town lived happily ever after. The end.