Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup Stories, and I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www dot Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use. Aya Yiddi. Diana my name is Aliana makeup Show is the best podcast ever. I listen to it every night. Tell your friends. Okay, Jesse, what do you want tonight's Makeup Story to be about? A square that can float and turn off TVs. A square that can float and turn off TVs. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse. And Jesse woke up one day, and he got out of his bunk bed, and he walked on the carpet, and he went all the way to his mom and dad's room, and he saw that his parents were sleeping, and he really wanted to wake them up. So he started putting his hand through his mom's hair, and he said, Mama, wake up. And when his mom got out of bed, there was like a copy of her. One of his moms stayed in bed, and then the other got up. So then Jesse walked over to his dad and said, dad, wake up. There's an extra mom. And when his dad got up, there was an extra dad also. And then Jesse and his dad and his extra mom all walked out of their bedroom, and they went back to Jesse's room so that they could wake up Jonah. But when they got to his room, they saw there was an extra Jesse sleeping on the bed also. And Jesse told his parents, that's not me. That's just to pretend me. And they woke up Jonah. And then an extra Jonah got off of his bunk bed, and they realized they were just creating so many people. They went out to the kitchen to get some breakfast. And when they looked out the window, they saw that all of the trees outside of their house turned into chocolate trees. The wooden part of the tree looked the same, and there was bark on the outside, and it also had regular branches, but by all of the leaves, it was growing little pieces of chocolate. And Jesse told his mom and dad and also the extra Jonah to look outside at the chocolate trees. They all went outside, and Jesse went on his extra dad's shoulders, and he got a piece of the chocolate from one of the chocolate trees. He told his parents that he was going to mix that with his cereal. So his extra mom poured some milk into a bowl, and she also poured some Cheerios into the bowl. And then Jesse put the piece of chocolate that he got from the chocolate tree into the bowl also. And when he started to mix it, he saw that it was like turning into a circle rainbow. And the circle rainbow inside of his cereal looked a little bit like lucky Charms. He told his dad that he was going to taste it because it looked really yummy. And when Jesse put the spoon in his mouth, suddenly he started getting bigger. It felt like there was a balloon inside his tummy and that there was a giant blowing in the balloon. And his tummy was getting bigger and bigger. Jesse's shoes were also getting bigger, and so were his pants. Soon Jesse's head was touching the ceiling, and he had to crawl just to stay inside the house. Jonah said that he wanted to get big also. So he swirled the cereal, and when the little rainbow came, he drank a little bit of it also, using the spoon. Jonah had like a little bit of the lucky charm part. And when Jonah put it into his mouth, he got really small. He got so small, he was like a little ant. And then Steve said that he wanted to try some of the cereal also. So Steve mixed around the cereal, and he lifted the spoon to go right next to his mouth, and he ate a little bit of the cereal. And when Steve ate some of the cereal, he turned into a floating Steve. And then Amanda said that she wanted to try some of the cereal also. So she took a spoonful of the cereal and she put it into her mouth, and her whole body turned into water, and she started spilling all over the floor. Jesse said, oh, no, mom went away. But then he remembered that it was just the copy of his mom. So he went to the bedroom and woke up his real mom. And then she got up and he told his mom, you don't try the cereal because it made me into giant. It made Jonah into, like, a little tiny person, and it's making dad float. But when you ate it, it turned you into, like, water, so don't try that cereal. Amanda looked around the room and she said, why is everything so silly? And Jesse told her about the trees outside that grew chocolate and how he tried to eat some of it. And so Amanda said to Jesse that she wasn't going to try any of that cereal. Jesse told his whole family that they should all go outside because it was hard for him to stay inside the house since he was so big and he hardly fit. So they opened up the big door and they went outside the big glass door. When they got outside, Jesse finally saw that he was, like, not the only person that was big because there were other kids that also turned into giants that were walking about the street. And Jonah, who is really small, he asked Jesse if he could get a ride on Jesse's shoulder. So Jesse the giant put little Jonah on his shoulder so that Jonah could see everything. And Steve was floating around. And Jonah reminded his mom, amanda, no matter what, don't eat the chocolate from the chocolate tree, or else you'll just turn into liquid, like a kind of water, and you'll spill all over the place. The whole family decided that they would walk to the playground to see what this whole mystery was about. And as they got closer to the playground, they saw that there was a big crowd of giants. And the giants, they used to be kids, and they were all clapping. And Jesse looked to try to figure out why all of the giants were clapping. And one of the giants had a picture of a square on his shirt. And Jesse looked down at his shirt, and he saw that he also had a square on his shirt. Jesse decided to press the square on his shirt. And when he pressed the square on his shirt, he saw that there was a big magical TV that appeared in front of him right by the playground. And he also saw that the other giants were pressing their shirts, and there were TVs that appeared in front of them also. And Jesse told his family that this was a square that could, like, turn a TV on or turn it off or do anything. Jonah asked Jesse if he could become big again. And Jesse touched his square, and he said, make Jonah big. And then Jonah turned into a giant also. Steve asked Jesse if he could stop floating so he could just walk like a regular person. And Jesse touched his square. But first it didn't work. Steve was still floating. And that's when Jesse realized that it only worked for kids. So they had to figure out how to get Steve not to float. I know what. We pop a hole, and when he gets to smoosh him, we pop a hole in him, and then we let it like all of the floating nail go out of him and let the air that he breathes out go into him. So Jesse had an idea, and he told Jonah that what they had to do was they had to get a straw, and they had to attach it to Steve's belly button. And then they would suck in from the other side of the straw, and that would get all of the floaty air out of Steve's belly button. And Jonah got a straw, and they got all of the floaty air out of Steve's belly button, and he stopped to float. Well, they saw that the sun was starting to turn green, and as the green light was going all over the whole town, all of the chocolate trees were starting to go away. And they were starting to turn into regular trees. And Jesse felt like he was getting small again, and Amanda felt like she wouldn't turn into any liquid or water. And Jonah was also getting regular size. And suddenly all of the kids turned regular again. And they said that was fun, but a little bit scary. And Jesse and Jodha popping a hole and then unattaching, it wouldn't make everything normal. Yeah, and everything became normal, maybe because of what they did with the straw and the belly button. And it was also the green sun that helped make everything normal. And Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda and everyone else in town lived happily ever after. And hi, my name is Pepper. Thanks for listening to makeup salad. Go to makeupsallies.com to zone in the job. Tell your friends. Bye.