Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl named Heidi. Heidi loved having campfires with her family outside at night. Her dad and mom would help make the campfire, and Heidi would gather some sticks. Every time they had a campfire, they would roast marshmallows, and Heidi was in charge of putting the marshmallows on sticks. Sometimes, they would also have graham crackers and chocolate to make s'mores.

One night, while Heidi and her family were outside, they looked up at the stars, and Heidi saw that one of the stars changed colors. It was a little dot in the sky, but it was blue. It wasn't white like all the other stars in the sky. And the blue star started to get closer and closer. As it got closer to the Earth, it got bigger and bigger. And when the blue star kept getting closer, you could see that it had an upside-down smiley face on it. The eyes and the upside-down smiley face were made of strawberries, and the nose was a carrot, and the mouth was made of buttons. It was a very silly red shooting star.

As it got closer to the campfire and to where Heidi and her parents were, Heidi could tell that it was an alien spaceship. It couldn't be a regular shooting star because regular shooting stars stay white as they shoot through the sky. This one was red, and it definitely had strawberries and a carrot on it. The red alien spaceship went right above Heidi and her family, where they were making the campfire, and a door on the bottom of the spaceship opened up.

Heidi and her family felt a fan-like wind coming from the spaceship, making the campfire grow bigger and bigger. But the campfire didn't burn anything else. The fire got so big, it started to catch fire to everything around it. But then Heidi and her family saw that it wasn't a regular fire. The fire from the alien spaceship made things float.

Suddenly, Heidi and her family could float. Not only could they float, but all the trees, bugs, and little rabbits around them could float too. The fire wasn't hot; it felt like a regular temperature. Heidi and her family decided that floating was fun. Heidi told her parents they should float next to the alien spaceship to ask the aliens some questions.

They floated to the bottom of the spaceship where the door was open. Inside, they saw a cheetah wearing a necklace with a big whistle on it. The cheetah blew the whistle, and the fire stopped. Heidi realized that the cheetah could control the magical fire that made things float. She asked the alien cheetah if the whistle was magic, and the cheetah touched his necklace. The alien cheetah told Heidi that their spaceship could go all the way to the North Pole from anywhere in the world in just 1 minute.

Heidi asked if they could see polar bears, penguins, and maybe even secret unicorns at the North Pole. The cheetah, wearing the necklace and whistle, said they could go. So Heidi and her parents went on the spaceship with the carrot nose and strawberry eyes, and it lifted up into the air.

As the spaceship got higher, Heidi saw clouds attached to white seesaws in the sky. Bunny rabbits that had floated up when the alien cheetah used his whistle to make the magic fire were jumping on the seesaws, making the clouds go higher and lower.

Heidi remembered they were on their way to the North Pole, so she told her parents to buckle up their seatbelts in the spaceship. The seatbelts were made of jump rope, and the only snacks were lollipops. Heidi asked her parents if she could have one of the alien cheetah's lollipops.

The cheetah had candy for when other kids came on the spaceship. The cheetah usually only liked broccoli lollipops, which might not sound yummy, but these special broccoli lollipops tasted like whatever you wanted. You could lick it and say "ice cream," and it would taste like ice cream, then say "chocolate," and it would taste like chocolate.

The cheetah let Heidi have some of the special broccoli lollipop, and then the spaceship arrived at the North Pole. There was so much snow, and Heidi saw a little red light hiding under the snow. She and her parents went to check out the red light, and they lived happily ever after. The end.