Yiddi. My name is Lucy. Welcome to makeup stories. It's the best podcast ever. My name is Heidi, and I'm four years old, and I live in Houston. I want a story about a shooting star, a tuna named Annie, and the Norris Pole. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Heidi, who is four years old and who lives in Houston, Texas. And so we want to say, hi, Heidi. Hi, Heidi. And Heidi asked for us to make up a story that includes a shooting star, a cheetah named Annie, and the North Pole. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl whose name was Heidi. Heidi used to always have campfires with her family outside in the nighttime. And her dad and her mom would help make the campfire, and Heidi would also gather some sticks. Every time they had a campfire, they would roast some marshmallows, and Heidi was in charge of putting the marshmallows on sticks. Sometimes, when they were roasting marshmallows, heidi would also get to have graham crackers and chocolate, and they would make s'mores. One night, while Heidi and her family were outside, they looked up at the stars, and Heidi saw that one of the stars changed colors. It was a little dot in the sky, but it was blue. It wasn't white like all of the other stars in the sky. And the blue star started to get closer and closer. And as it got closer to the Earth, it got bigger and bigger. And when the blue star kept getting closer to Earth, you could see that it kind of had an upside down smiley face on it. And the eyes and the upside down smiley face were made of strawberries, and the nose was a carrot, and the mouth was made of buttons. It was a very silly red shooting star. And the closer it got to the campfire and to where Heidi and her parents were staying, the more Heidi could tell that it was an alien spaceship. There's no way it was a regular shooting star, because regular shooting stars, they kind of always stay white as they shoot through the sky. This was red, and it definitely had strawberries, and it definitely had a carrot on it. Well, the red alien spaceship went right on top of Heidi and her family, where they were making the campfire, and a door on the bottom of the red alien spaceship opened up. And then Heidi and her family could feel that there was a kind of fan, and the fan was going the other way, so it was making the wind from the campfire go up. And the alien spaceship made the campfire get bigger and bigger. But the campfire still wasn't burning anything else. The campfire got so big, it was starting to catch fire to all of the things around it. But then Heidi and her family could see that it wasn't a regular kind of fire. The kind of fire that the alien spaceship made that was catching on to everything around it was a kind of fire that could make things float. And so, suddenly, Heidi and her family were able to float. And not only were Heidi and her family able to float, but all of the trees and all of the bugs and all of the little rabbits that were hanging around outside were also able to float in the air. The fire wasn't hot. It felt like a regular temperature. And Heidi and her family decided that it was kind of nice to float. Heidi told her parents that they should float right next to the alien spaceship because next to the alien spaceship, they could ask the aliens some questions. They floated right to the bottom of the alien spaceship where the door was open. And when they got to the open door, they saw that there was a cheetah inside the alien spaceship. It was a really fast cheetah. And the Cheetah was wearing a necklace. The necklace that the Cheetah was wearing had a big whistle on it. And the Cheetah was picking up the whistle, and it was blowing the whistle. But when the Cheetah blew the whistle, heidi and her family could see that the fire was stopping. And that's when Heidi realized that the Cheetah was able to control the magical kind of fire that isn't hot and that lets people and trees float. So Heidi said hello to the alien. And she asked the alien if the whistle was a magic whistle that made this good kind of fire. And the alien cheetah touched his necklace. And the alien Cheetah told Heidi that this kind of spaceship was the kind of spaceship that could go all the way to the North Pole from anywhere in the world in 1 minute. And Heidi asked that if she went to the North Pole, if they could see some polar bears and if they could see some kinds of, like, penguins, and also if they could find any secret unicorns that might be hiding there. And the Cheetah, who is wearing the necklace and who had the whistle around his neck told Heidi that they could go. So Heidi and her parents went on the spaceship that had the carrot nose. And they went on the spaceship with the strawberry eyes, and it lifted up in the air. And as the spaceship got higher up in the air, heidi could see that all of the clouds were kind of getting attached to seesaws. And there were white seesaws in the sky that were making the clouds go higher and lower. And on top of the white seesaws in the clouds were the bunny rabbits that floated up when the alien Cheetah used his whistle to make the magic fire. And on one side of the seesaw, there would be a bunny attached to one cloud. And on the other side of the seesaw, there would be a white bunny attached to a different cloud, and the bunnies would jump up on the seesaw and see how high and low they could bounce the clouds. Well, Heidi remembered that they were on their way to the North Pole, and so she told her parents that they had to buckle up their seatbelts in the spaceship. The seatbelts in the spaceship were made of jump rope, and the only snacks in the whole spaceship were lollipops. And Heidi knew that she wasn't supposed to have so many lollipops, so Heidi asked her parents if she could have one of the alien cheetahs lollipop. Do you have a question? Did eat a special kind, or did it keep the wiggle? Did it eat a special walk lollipop? That's a really good question. The Cheetah that was on the spaceship, so it had candy. And the reason that the cheetah had candy was for when other kids came on. And also, this was the kind of cheetah, sometimes for Halloween, it could kind of drop candy in the forest using its spaceship because it could go so fast. But the cheetah itself usually only liked broccoli lollipops. Now, I know what you're thinking. You might think, well, broccoli lollipops are probably not the yummiest kinds of lollipops, and that is what I would think, too. But then you've probably never tried this kind of broccoli lollipop, because this kind of broccoli lollipop, whenever you put it in your mouth and you licked it, it tasted like whatever you wanted it to taste like. And so you could take, like, the first lick of the lollipop and say, ice cream, and then it would turn into ice cream flavor. And then the second lick, you could decide, is, like, chocolate, and then it'll be chocolate flavor, and then you could choose honey, and it'll be honey flavor. So the cheetah let Heidi have some of this special kind of broccoli lollipop that usually it only ate. And then the spaceship arrived at the North Pole. When the spaceship arrived at the North Pole, heidi could see that there was so much snow, and it was so white, but she saw a little red light hiding under the snow, and Heidi decided that they would check out what the red light is. So she got off the alien spaceship with her parents, and she and her parents walked off to the magical red light, and they lived happily ever after. The end. I O NI. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Go to Makeup stories.com if you want to be on the podcast, tell your friends ayo all close.