Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Jonah. All he could do was laugh. So when somebody asked, "Jonah, do you want a cookie?" Instead of saying, "Yes, I want a cookie," every time, Jonah would just laugh. It was very hard for him to tell people what he wanted, like if he wanted Lucky Charms for breakfast, he couldn't say, "I want some Lucky Charms." All he could say was laughter. Jonah's mom and Jonah's dad used to try to ask him, "Jonah, do you want this or do you want that?" And sometimes when they asked him that kind of question, he would just laugh, and it wasn't really clear what he meant.

So Jonah thought of a plan. He found some balloons and tied them around his arms. He did that with three balloons on each side. The balloons were filled with helium, which made him float. Jonah took a ride on the helium balloons until he got to a honeybee hive. There were so many honeybees in the honeybee hive, and they were friendly honeybees that didn't sting. These weren't the kinds of bees that could be mean and maybe try to take food or go on somebody at a picnic. These were the nicest kinds of honeybees, the ones that made the kind of honey that goes in candy. There were different types of bees, such as wasps, and there were some very big bees and some little bees. The wasps were able to sting, but they tried not to sting because all of the bees that lived up in the top of the tree, which Jonah had floated up to using his balloons tied onto his arms, were the nicest bees in the world.

They told Jonah that a long time ago, after a kid who lived nearby lost his tooth, the Tooth Fairy came and paid a visit to the beehive. She used her magic wand to sprinkle some pixie dust on the honeybees. One of the honeybees in the beehive on the tree that Jonah was visiting was a candy bee. The Tooth Fairy actually turned it into a candy bee. Regular bees in their beehives usually just make honey, which is very yummy and can even go into candy. But because the Tooth Fairy used her magic wand when she visited this beehive, there was one bee which used to be the queen bee, which was now a candy bee.

All of the worker bees came out of the beehive, and they were so excited. Bees can't talk very loudly because their mouths are so little. So when the bees wanted to talk to Jonah, who was floating on a balloon right next to their beehive, the bees all talked at the same time. Because the Tooth Fairy taught them some English, the bees were able to tell Jonah that the candy bee wanted to follow him and make a candy factory in Jonah's house. Jonah said, "Okay," and he started flapping his arms, which had the balloons attached, and he was able to fly a little bit and steer and choose directions for where he wanted to land. He had all of the worker bees make a parade flying through the sky as the queen candy bee stayed in front of the parade and flapped her candy bee wings, and they went all the way to Jonah's house.

When the bees got to Jonah's house, Jonah showed them that there was a window open right in the kitchen. All of the bees started buzzing through the kitchen, going in the window. Inside Jonah's house, Jonah's dad and mom asked him, "Why are there so many bees here? And did you go up to the tree again using those balloons?" Jonah told his parents that the bees were really good and that there was a candy bee and that his idea was to make a candy factory in his bedroom. The candy bee could just send the worker bees out to collect more pollen, and then the worker bees could come back and bring it to the candy bee, and the candy bee could turn it into lollipops, sugary treats, and even marshmallows. It just takes a little bit longer time. The candy bee is a queen bee, so she's able to make different candy bees.

Jonah told his parents the plan, and his parents said, "This sounds like a good idea." Jonah's dad and Jonah's mom helped build a special beehive in Jonah's room so that the candy bees could stay. Jonah made a pipe that went out of his window so that the candy bees could fly out of the pipe and go outside in his backyard to buzz around the flowers and get more stuff to bring back to the candy bees so they could make more candy.

Jonah went to sleep that night, and as he slept, he heard a special kind of buzzing that didn't sound like the regular buzzing that bees make. It almost sounded like it was a different kind of buzzing. As Jonah fell asleep, he realized that was the sound that the queen candy bee makes when it makes some candy.

The next morning, Jonah woke up, and his alarm clock said it was time to get out of bed. He got out of bed and looked in his closet where the beehive was, and his whole closet was full of marshmallows, Lucky Charms, chocolate bars, honey, all kinds of lollipops, gum, hard sucking candies, and even some kinds of laffy taffies. There were all sorts of candies that the queen candy bee had made overnight.

Jonah ran out of his room and told his parents, "Mom, Dad, you have to come look. You're not going to believe what's there." Jonah's dad said, "Do I have to get out of bed? I'm still kind of tired." Jonah said, "Yes, Dad. It's a real emergency. You have to see." Jonah's dad said, "Okay." Jonah's dad and Jonah's mom followed Jonah to his room. When they opened the door, it wasn't just the closet that was full of candy. There was so much more candy; it was spilling onto Jonah's bed. Jonah exclaimed, "Wow, now there's even more candy!" He was finally able to talk and not just laugh. Jonah's parents told him, "Maybe the queen candy bee is what helped you talk." Jonah told them that he finally learned how to talk because he always wanted a candy factory that was powered by bees.

Jonah and Jonah's parents decided they would start a candy store. Instead of buying the candy for the candy store, they would just use the candy that the bees made. Jonah and his family lived happily ever after. The end.