Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Harris. Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Bye. Tell your friends. Tell friends. Tonight's Makeup story is about a honeybee and a boy named Jonah who loved to have toy robots and also balloon. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Jonah. And all he could say was he could only laugh. And so when somebody said, jonah, do you want a cookie? Instead of saying, yes, I want a cookie, every time, Jonah would just say and it was very hard for him to tell people, like if he wanted Lucky Charms for cereal, he couldn't say, I want some Lucky Charms for cereal. All he could say was, and so Jonah's mom and Jonah's dad used to try to ask him, jonah, do you want this or do you want that? And sometimes when they asked him that kind of question, he would just say and it wasn't really clear what he meant. So Jonah devised a strategy. He came up with an idea for what to do. Jonah found some balloons, and he tied them around his arms. And then he did that with three balloons on each side. And the balloons were filled with helium, which made him float. And Jonah took a ride on the helium balloons until he got to a honey bee hive. There were so many honeybees in the honey bee hive, and they were friendly honeybees, and the honeybees didn't sting. These weren't the kinds of bees that could be mean and maybe try to take food or go on somebody at a picnic. These were the nicest kinds of honey bees, the ones that made the kind of honey that goes in candy. And there were different types of bees. There were also some wasps, and there were some very big bees, and there were some little bees. Yeah, Bud the wasp is could they sting? Could they sting? But they try not to sting. Yes. And the wasps were able to sting, but they tried not to sting because all of the bees that lived up in the top of the tree, which Jonah had floated up to using his balloons, tied onto his arms, all of those bees were the nicest bees in the world. And they told Jonah that a long time ago, after a kid who lived nearby lost his tooth, the Tooth fairy came and she paid a visit to the beehive. And she used her magic wand to sprinkle some pixie dust on the honeybees. And one of the honeybees in the beehive on the tree that Jonah was visiting was a candy bee. The Tooth fairy actually turned it into a candy bee. Regular bees in their beehives, they usually just make honey. And honey is very yummy, and honey could even go into candy. But because the tooth fairy used her magic wand when she visited this beehive, there was one bee which used to be the queen bee. Which was now a candy bee. And all of the worker bees came out of the beehive, and they were so excited. Bees can't talk very loudly because their mouths are so little. And so when the bees wanted to talk to Jonah, who was floating on a balloon right next to their beehive, the bees all talked at the same time. And because the tooth fairy taught them some English, the bees were able to tell Jonah that the candy bee wanted to follow him and to make a candy factory in Jonah's house. And Jonah said, okay, and he started flapping his arms, which had the balloons attached, and he was able to fly a little bit and steer and choose directions for where he wanted to land. And so he had all of the worker bees make a parade flying through the sky as the queen candy bee stayed in front of the parade and flapped her candy bee wings, and they went all the way to Jonah's house. When the bees got to Jonah's house, jonah showed them that there was a window open right in the kitchen. And so all of the bees started buzzing through the kitchen, going in the window. And inside Jonah's house. Jonah's dad and mom asked him, why are there so many bees here? And did you go up to the tree again using those balloons? And Jonah told his parents that the bees were really good and that there was a candy bee and that his idea was to make a candy factory in his bedroom. And the candy bee could just send the worker bees out to collect more pollen. And then the worker bees could come back and bring it to the candy bee, and the candy bee could turn it into lollipops, and the candy bee could turn it into kind of sugary treats, and the candy bee could turn it into even a marshmallow. It just takes a little bit longer time. And the candy bee is a queen bee, so she's able to make different candy bees. So Jonah told his parents the plan, and his parents said, this sounds like a good idea. And so Jonah's dad and Jonah's mom helped build a special beehive in Jonah's room so that the candy bees could stay. And Jonah made a pipe that went out of his window so that the candy bees could fly out of the pipe and go outside in his backyard to buzz around the flowers and to get more stuff to bring back to the candy bees so they could make more candy. Jonah went to sleep that night, and as he slept, he heard a special kind of buzzing that didn't sound like the regular that bees make. It almost sounded like it was a different kind of buzzing. And as Jonah fell asleep, he realized that was the sound that the queen candy bee makes when it makes some candy. The next morning, Jonah woke up, and his alarm clock said it was time to go out of bed. And he went out of bed, and he looked in his closet where the beehive was, and his whole closet was full of marshmallows and Lucky Charms and chocolate bars and honey and all kinds of lollipops and even some kinds of gum and some kinds of hard sucking candies and some kinds of, like, laffy taffies. And there were all sorts of candies that the queen candy bee had made overnight. So Jonah ran out of his room and told his parents, mom, dad, you have to come look. You're not going to believe what's there. And Jonah's dad said, Do I have to get out of bed? I'm still kind of tired. And Jonah said yes, dad. It's a real emergency. You have to see. And Jonah's dad said okay. And Jonah's dad and Jonah's mom followed Jonah to his room. And when they opened the door, it wasn't just the closet that was full of candy. There was so much more candy. It was spilling onto Jonah's bed. And Jonah's like, wow, now there's even more candy. And he was finally able to talk and not just say. And Jonah's parents told him, maybe the queen candy bee is what helped you talk. And Jonah told them that he finally learned how to talk because he always wanted a candy factory that was powered by bees. And Jonah and Jonah's parents decided they would start a candy store. And instead of buying the candy for the candy store, they would just use the candy that the bees made. And Jonah and his family lived happily ever after. The end.