Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big kid whose name was Kaipo. Kaipo and his sibling, Nahale, lived on a big farm. The farm that they lived on was really special because there were some pigs on the farm, and there were goats on the farm, and there were sheep on the farm, and there was also a big apple tree. Kaipo and Nahale used to love to climb the apple tree because the apple tree was really good for kids to climb. If you got to the top, then you could pick an apple. Most of the apples in the apple tree were regular apples, but there were some of the apples that had honey inside, and Kaipo and Nahale loved to get apples that had honey inside.

One day, while Kaipo and Nahale were climbing the apple tree, they saw that one of the apples fell out of the apple tree. It fell off of a branch, and it got to the ground. When the apple fell to the ground, Kaipo and Nahale looked around, and they saw that there was a bear. The bear had a superhero cape on it. The bear was flying around the farm, and it flew on top of their house. The bear with the superhero cape also flew right on top of the apple tree. The bear with the superhero cape landed right next to the apple tree. The bear picked up the apple that fell down, and he started numbing it and eating it all up. Kaipo said to Nahale, "Should we be scared of the bear?" Nahale said no.

The bear told Kaipo and Nahale that he lives on top of the clouds and that's why he has a superhero cape. The bear also said that sometimes he likes to take kids for rides all the way in the sky on top of the clouds. Kaipo told the bear that if they went for a ride, first they would have to ask their dad, their papa. The bear with the superhero costume and also the superhero cape said okay. So Kaipo and Nahale went back to the farmhouse and they asked their papa, "Papa, can we go with the bear all the way up to the sky because he has a cape and can fly?" Kaipo and Nahale's father said okay, but make sure that you guys also carry a toy rocket ship with you. Because if you bring a rocket ship and you bring it all the way up to the sky and then let's say the superhero's cape stops working or something, then you can always use the rocket ship to fly around a little bit. Kaipo and Nahale said okay.

So Kaipo saw that on top of his dresser there was a new rocket ship that was purple and pink, and he got the rocket ship outside. Kaipo told Nahale and the superhero bear that they were ready to go into the sky. The bear said okay, strap on your seatbelts. Kaipo and Nahale didn't have any seatbelts. So instead, they tied themselves onto the bear using shoelaces. Then after they were on the bear, Kaipo also held on to the purple and pink rocket ship. Kaipo and Nahale said off we go. The bear started flying with a superhero cape and with Kaipo and Nahale attached to the bear all the way in the sky.

When the bear and Kaipo and Nahale got on top of the clouds, they saw that there was a disco ball and there were a lot of shadows that were dancing on top of the clouds, but you couldn't really see who those shadows were. Kaipo and Nahale said, "How about we go to the dance party on top of the clouds?" The bear said that sounds like fun. The bear put his superhero cape on the top of the cloud so that Kaipo and Nahale could step on the cloud and they wouldn't fall through. Kaipo and Nahale went on the superhero bear's cape and they were standing on it. As they were standing on it, they saw that the sun turned into a big disco ball with so many colors. Because the earth turns around, the disco ball in the sun also looked like it was turning around and different colors were flashing.

Suddenly, Kaipo and Nahale saw that the bear, which had a cape, was starting to play the drums and saying duga dugodoga bump bump bum bum bum bum bum bum bum. The bear was doing such a silly song with the drums and suddenly Kaipo saw that there was also a guitar. So Kaipo and Nahale started playing the guitar and the bear was playing the drums and the disco ball that the sun was, was spinning different colors around. The dance party was starting. There were so many shadows that were dancing with them in the clouds. One of the shadows looked like Kaipo and Nahale's mama. That shadow was such a good dancer and that shadow loved to have dance parties with Kaipo and Nahale. Kaipo and Nahale had so much fun dancing with the special magical shadow. The magical shadow said, "I love to spend time with you and I think about you all the time." Kaipo and Nahale held hands and they started dancing around, and it was so much fun because the bear was doing such silly songs with his drums.

As they were dancing so much, some of the apples started falling off the apple tree. But instead of going down, the bear started blowing so much that the apples would go up into the sky. Some apples started falling up through the sky on top of the clouds. Kaipo and Nahale were having the biggest dance party ever when suddenly Kaipo realized that the special cape that the superhero bear had was starting to slip a little bit. So Kaipo said, "Hurry, superhero bear!" The bear hurried and lit the rocket, and Kaipo and Nahale held onto the rocket and it started flying through the sky. The shadow that loved to play with them and that always loved to stay with them went on the rocket with them, and they had so much fun.

Soon, the superhero bear said it was time for Kaipo and Nahale to go back home. So Kaipo and Nahale said goodbye to all of their friends and all of the shadows that were on top of the clouds. They said they'll always remember to have fun and to dance because that's something that is so special. Kaipo and Nahale rode the rocket ship all the way down. The superhero bear got his cape working again and helped them land so softly right next to the apple tree where they started. When they got back down to the apple tree, Kaipo and Nahale saw that their papa was waiting for them. Kaipo and Nahale said, "Papa, papa, you won't believe what we saw and where we went." Kaipo and Nahale's papa said, "Where did you go?" Kaipo and Nahale told their papa that they went to the sky with the magical bear that had a flying cape and that they had such a fun dance party with lots of fun shadows. Kaipo and Nahale lived happily ever after. The end.