Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Murphy. Makeup Story is the best podcast ever. Hi. My name is Kaipo. I want to be four years old, and my sibling Elliot's gonna be, too, and I live in Petaluma. I would like to hear a story about a dancing doughnut, a flying beer, an apple tree that can turn into a house. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a kid named Kaipo, who lives in Petaluma, California, which is right near where we used to live, but in Santa Rosa, and who turns four years old today on March 29. And Kaipo also has a sibling, Nahele, who turns two on April 9. And so we want to say happy birthday to Kaipo and Nahale. Happy birthday, Kaipo. Happy birthday, Nahali. Good job, bud. And Kaipo asked for us to make up a story that includes a dancing doughnut, a flying bear, and an apple tree that can turn into a house. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big kid whose name was Kaipo. Kaipo and also Kaipo sibling, Nahale, lived on a big farm. And the farm that they lived on was really special because there were some pigs on the farm, and there were goats on the farm, and there were sheep on the farm, and there was also a big apple tree. And Kaipo and the Hale used to love to climb the apple tree because the apple tree was really good for kids to climb. And if you got to the top, then you could pick an apple. And most of the apples in the apple tree were regular apples, but there were some of the apples that had honey inside, and Kaipo and Ahale loved to get apples that had honey inside. One day, while Kaipo and Ahale were climbing the apple tree, they saw that one of the apples fell out of the apple tree. It fell off of a branch, and it got to the ground. When the apple fell to the ground, Kaipo and Haley looked around, and they saw that there was a bear. And the bear had a superhero cape on it. And the bear was flying around the farm, and it flew on top of their house. And the bear with the superhero cape also flew right on top of the apple tree. And the bear with the superhero cape landed right next to the apple tree. And the bear picked up the apple that fell down, and he started numb NUM, numbing it and eating it all up. And Kaipo said to Nahle, should we be scared of the bear? And Nahale said no. And the bear told Kaipo and Nahle that he lives on top of the clouds and that's why he has a superhero cape. And the bear also said that sometimes he likes to take kids for rides all the way in the sky on top of the clouds. And Kaipo told the bear that if they went for a ride. First they would have to ask their dad, their papa and the Bear with the superhero costume and also the superhero cape said okay. So Kaipo and a Hale went back to the farmhouse and they asked their papa, papa, can we go with the Bear all the way up to the sky because he has a cape and can fly. And Kaipo and Ahale's father said okay, but make sure that you guys also carry a toy rocket ship with you. Because if you bring a rocket ship and you bring it all the way up to the sky and then let's say the superhero's cape stops working or something, then you can always use the rocket ship to fly around a little bit. And Kaipo Nahale said okay. So Kaipo saw that on top of his dresser there was a new rocket ship that was purple and pink and he got the rocket ship outside. And Kaipo told Nahale and the superhero bear that were ready to go into the sky. And the Bear said okay, strap on your seatbelts. And Kaipo and Hale didn't have any seatbelts. So instead they tied themselves onto the Bear using shoelaces. And then after they were on the Bear, Kaipo also held on to the purple and pink rocket ship. And Kaipo and Ahale said off we go. And the Bear started flying with a superhero cape and with Kaipo and a Hale attached to the Bear all the way in the sky. When the Bear and Kaipo and a Hale got on top of the clouds they saw that there was a disco ball and there were a lot of shadows that were dancing on top of the clouds but you couldn't really see who those shadows were. And Kaipo and Ahale said how about we go to the dance party on top of the clouds? And the Bear said that sounds like fun. And the Bear put his superhero cape on the top of the cloud so that Kaipo and the Hale could step on the cloud and they wouldn't fall through. And Kaipo and the Hale went on the superhero bear's cape and they were standing on it. And as they were standing on it, they saw that the sun turned into a big disco ball with so many colors. And because the earth turns around, the disco ball in the sun also looked like it was turning around and different colors were flashing. And suddenly Kaipo and the Hale saw that the Bear, which had a cape, was starting to play the drums and saying duga dugodoga bump bump bum bum bum bum bum bum bum. And the Bear was doing such a silly song with the drums and suddenly Kaipo saw that there was also a guitar. So Kaipo and the Hale started playing the guitar and the Bear was playing the drums and the disco ball that the sun was, was spinning different colors around. And the dance party was starting. There were so many shadows that were dancing with them in the clouds. And one of the shadows looks like Kaipo and Nahle's mama. And that shadow was such a good dancer and that shadow loved to have dance parties with Kaipo and Nahle. And Kaipo Nahale had so much fun dancing with the special magical shadow. And the magical shadow said I love to spend time with you and I think about you all the time. And Kaipo and Ahale held hands and they started dancing around and it was so much fun because the bear was doing such silly songs with his drums. And do you know what happened, bud? What? As they were dancing so much, some of the apples started falling off the apple tree. But instead of going down, the bear started blowing so much that the apples would go up into the sky. And so some apples started falling up through the sky on top of the clouds. And Kaipo and the Hale were having the biggest dance party ever when suddenly Kaipo realized that the special cape that the superhero bear had was starting to slip a little bit. So Kaipo said hurry superhero bear. And the bear hurried and lit the rocket and Kaipo and Ahale held onto the rocket and it started flying through the sky. And the shadow that loved to play with them and that always loved to stay with them went on the rocket with them and they had so much fun. Soon the superhero bear said it is time for Kaipo and Ahale to go back home. So Kaipo and Ahale said goodbye to all of their friends and all of the shadows that were on top of the clouds. And they said they'll always remember to have fun and to dance because that's something that is so special. And Kaipo and a Haley rode the rocket ship all the way down. And the superhero bear got his cape working again and helped them land so softly right next to the apple tree where they started. When they got back down to the apple tree, Kaipo and a Hale saw that their papa was waiting for them. And Kaipo and a Hale said papa, papa, you won't believe what we saw and where we went. And Kaipo and a Hale's papa said Where did you go? And Kaipo and a Hale told their papa that they went to the sky with the magical bear that had a flying cape and that they had such a fun dance party with lots of fun shadows. And Kaipo and Ahale lived happily ever after. The End I'm Leo and thanks for listening to makeup stops.