Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Emerson. Emerson used to love to go to the grocery store with her mom and with her dad so that they could go shopping for food. One day, Emerson got to go in the shopping cart, and she got to sit down on the top of the shopping cart. And Emerson's dad was pushing Emerson through the aisles of the grocery store, and Emerson saw some donuts, and Emerson saw cookies, and she saw chocolate, and Emerson even saw yogurt-covered raisins.

As Emerson was looking through the aisles and enjoying her ride on the shopping cart, Emerson saw that there was a rubber ducky. And the rubber ducky was on a shelf near some other toys. But the rubber ducky had real eyes. A lot of people couldn't see it because most of the time, the rubber ducky's eyes were closed. But Emerson, as Emerson's dad was pushing the cart next to the rubber ducky, Emerson could see that for a second, the rubber duck opened its eyes and looked at her.

So Emerson said, "Dad, could we buy that rubber duck?" And Emerson's dad said, "Okay, because it's your birthday." So Emerson's dad bought the rubber duck, and Emerson and her dad bought all the other yummy candy as well, and also a birthday cake. And then they decided to go home.

So Emerson's dad put Emerson in her car seat, and Emerson strapped herself in all by herself, and then her dad checked. And then Emerson and her dad went back home to their mom. And when they got back home, their mom saw that there was so much yummy food, not only was there a birthday cake, but also Emerson decided to get yogurt raisins and some chocolate and strawberry-flavored ice cream and grape juice and a lot of yummy things.

And Emerson's mom said, "Emerson, are you sure you should eat all that?" And Emerson said yes. And just as Emerson said yes, she could feel that the rubber ducky, which was in one of the grocery bags, was moving a little bit. So Emerson looked down at the grocery bag, and she looked at the rubber ducky, and it stopped moving. And Emerson told her mom that she thought the rubber duck could come alive for a little bit. And Emerson's mom said she didn't think so.

Emerson decided that she wanted a bath because it was her birthday. And for a birthday bath, you get to have bubble bath. And there's no shampoo and hairs during birthday baths. And all that you have to do in a birthday bath is you have to splash so much so it makes such a big mess all over the floor. And then because it's your birthday, the way that you get it cleaned up is you have to put two towels on the floor, two big towels, and that will soak up all the water.

And Emerson got in the bath, and she took the rubber ducky with her. And Emerson's dad and Emerson's mom turned on the water, and Emerson started to take a bath. Just as the bathtub filled up, Emerson could see that the rubber ducky opened its eyes again, and this time, Emerson's parents were looking. So Emerson said, "Look, Dad, I told you. Look, Mom, I told you. The rubber ducky is kind of alive because this time its eyes are open and you see it."

And Emerson was so surprised when the duck opened up its rubber mouth and said, "Quack, quack." And Emerson's dad said he couldn't believe how did it do that? It did that, bud, because there were magic bubbles in the bath. It wasn't regular bubble bath. The kind of bubble bath that got into this bath was a pink kind, and the bubbles were pink, and the bubble bath was made of sprinkles. It was kind of a sprinkle bubble bath. And when the sprinkles went in the water, then it turned into bubbles. So there were also different color sprinkles in the bubble bath.

But the ducky was alive now, and the ducky was saying, "quack, quack." And Emerson had a lot of fun playing in the bath with her duck. After bath time was over, Emerson got on her pajamas, and Emerson and her parents decided they would go outside and take a pajama walk. A pajama walk is a walk that kids could take with their parents after they put on their pajamas, but before it's too dark outside. And if it's a little bit dark, then kids could bring flashlights on pajama walks.

Well, Emerson went outside with her mom and dad on the pajama walk, and the ducky started to follow them. Soon Emerson turned on her flashlight because it was getting a little darker. And the duck started to lead Emerson and Emerson's mom and dad down a secret path. The path that the duck led Emerson and her parents on had stones that were the shapes of hearts. And you could step on these heart-shaped stones, and every time you stepped on a heart-shaped stone, it made a little footprint that looked like your shoe. But the footprint was made out of gold.

And Emerson was walking with her shoes, and it made little gold footprints, and the ducky was walking with its little ducky feet, and there were little gold duck footprints all the way through the heart-shaped trail. Emerson told her parents that she never saw this trail before. And when they got to the end of the trail, the duck stopped, and the duck started to say. And just as the duck said that, the tooth fairy appeared.

And that is when Emerson realized that the tooth fairy was in town. The tooth fairy was holding a glittery magic wand, and the tooth fairy had some butterfly wings that were see-through on her back. And the tooth fairy was only about as big as a thumb, a big finger. But the tooth fairy wasn't as big as a regular person, and the tooth fairy could fly.

And the tooth fairy went up to the ducky, and the tooth fairy said to the duck, "Oh, is your name Ducky McDuke? Because you're the duck that I once met in a grocery store. And a girl's tooth fell out in the grocery store, and I was going to pick up the tooth to give the girl a dollar under her pillow. And as I was doing that, I accidentally touched my magic wand on a rubber duck that was in the grocery store."

So Emerson told her parents that she figured out the mystery. The reason that the rubber duck had eyes that could open and the reason the rubber duck was able to quack and the reason the rubber duck was able to swim in the bath and to walk, was that the tooth fairy one day touched the rubber duck with her magic wand. And Emerson said hello to the tooth fairy and asked the tooth fairy if the tooth fairy was going to leave some money under her pillow when her tooth fell out. And the tooth fairy said yes.

And Emerson told her parents that it was time for them to go back from their pajama walk because it was getting dark. And Emerson and her parents went back home, and they kept the magical rubber ducky, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.