Once upon a time, a long time ago in a faraway kingdom, there were candy factories built into mountains and houses attached to balloons that floated in the air. There were playgrounds that appeared automatically whenever a child wanted them. Kids drove Power Wheels through the streets, and the parents had to sit in grownup seats, which were like car seats, but for grownups in the back of Power Wheels.

One day in that kingdom, King Jonah decided to show everyone the rainbow fire hydrant. If you walk around a city, you may notice fire hydrants on the sidewalk next to some streets. Usually, fire hydrants are there in case there's a fire, so a firefighter can open it up, attach a hose, and put out the fire using the water from the fire hydrant. But in Jonah's kingdom, some fire hydrants weren't meant just for regular water. Instead, when you opened them up, rainbows came out.

If you wanted to put the rainbow in a hose and aim it somewhere, all you had to do was watch as King Jonah showed you how. So King Jonah went up to the white fire hydrant, which had rainbows come out of it, and he told the firefighters to open it up. The firefighters opened it up, and suddenly, all the kids who were watching saw a big rainbow shine out of the fire hydrant. The rainbow had lots of different bright colors, and at the end of the rainbow, there were specks of gold floating out of the fire hydrant.

Jonah told the firefighters that they shouldn't chase after the gold at the end of the rainbow. Instead, they should connect a hose to the rainbow and use it for different magic. The firefighters connected their hose to the fire hydrant, and the rainbow and the little gold specks started to float through the hose. At the end of the hose, Jonah told the firefighters to water some gardens. The firefighters pointed the rainbow hose at some gardens, and instead of sprinkling out water, the rainbow started to grow in the gardens.

Whenever a kid looked at those gardens, there were lots of different colors. The soil, which is usually brown, became colorful soil. All of the plants in the garden could grow all the way up to the sky. There were beanstalks, berries, and blackberry bushes that were as big as the sky. Instead of just growing regular blackberries, they rained orange juice and grape juice because the grapes and the oranges would fall down and splat on the ground, creating orange juice and grape juice. Yum, yum!

Wherever the rainbow pointed, it could make different kinds of clouds. The rainbow had different colors in it, and if the blue part of the rainbow touched a cloud, then it would make blueberry juice come out of that part of the cloud. If an orange part of the rainbow came out, then it would make orange juice come out, and a purple part would make grape juice. The rainbow that the firefighters had in their hose would point to different places to make it kind of magical.

Suddenly, one of the firefighters pointed the rainbow hose at King Jonah, and the rainbow power went into King Jonah. Everyone looked at King Jonah because it looked like he was getting a little magical. When King Jonah closed his eyes and opened them up again, he could see that his eyes had rainbow colors in them. He started to know how unicorns could talk, and he could understand what animals were saying and what meows and woofs meant. Suddenly, King Jonah with his rainbow power was able to understand all of the birds that tweeted in his kingdom.

The rainbow power, after the firefighters pointed the hose at Jonah, also gave King Jonah sharing power and friend power. If ever there was a kid that didn't want to share, all King Jonah had to do was look at that kid with sharing power, and then that kid would want to share. Even if it was toy trains, monster trucks, fast cars, blocks, magnet tiles, or fun things to draw like crayons, markers, paper, and construction paper, sharing power made all of the kids share.

Another power that the rainbow gave King Jonah was friend power. If you wanted somebody to be your friend and you had friend power from the rainbow, all you had to do was go over to the person and whisper as quietly as you could, "friend power." Then that person would look up at you and say, "Can I be your friend? Can I be your friend?" They would be so nice to you and want to play with you all the time.

There was another power it gave King Jonah, which was parent power. The parent power that it gave King Jonah was if a parent of another kid who wanted to play said it's time for them to go, parent power would give you an extra five minutes to play. All of the kids saw that King Jonah had all of these wonderful powers, and they kept asking the firefighters to point the hose that had the rainbow in it at them. All of the kids would be like, "Me, me! I want friend power! I want sharing power! I want parent power!"

King Jonah told all of the kids to line up single file on the sidewalk next to a playground where all of the butterflies were fluttering about. Then he told the firefighters to aim the hose that had the rainbow come out of it, which was connected to the magical white fire hydrant, at all of the kids in his kingdom. Suddenly, Jonah heard a bloop sound, and lots of the kids were able to change their eye color to rainbow color. All of the kids started to have friend power, sharing power, and parent power, and they were so happy.

Jonah told the firefighters that they could disconnect the hose from the white fire hydrant and close it up again for the next time they needed rainbow power. The firefighter said, "Okay." But as he was disconnecting the hose, part of the fire hydrant had the rainbow stuff come out, and it hit the fire truck. The fire truck turned into a unicorn, and it still kind of looked a little bit like a unicorn fire truck because it had a big horn that came out of the front of its head, and it still looked a little bit like a horse, but a magical one. The fire hydrant also now had wings like an alicorn, which is a unicorn that could fly, but it also did still have wheels. It was kind of like a unicorn fire truck that had legs and wheels, and it looked like now, instead of just having a couple of hoses, it had squirters all over in every direction.

Jonah saw the firefighters climb back onto the fire truck unicorn, and the unicorn gave them a fun ride all the way back to the fire station. Jonah and everyone else who lived in his kingdom lived happily ever after. The end.