Once upon a time, a long time ago in a kingdom far away, there were candy factories built into mountains and houses that were attached to balloons that floated in the air. There were playgrounds which could come automatically whenever a kid wanted them. Kids drove Power Wheels through the streets, and the parents had to get a ride in grownup seats, which were like car seats, but for grownups in the back of Power Wheels.

One day in that kingdom, King Jonah decided to show everybody the rainbow fire hydrant. If you walk around a city, you may notice that on the sidewalk next to some streets, you'll sometimes see fire hydrants. Usually, fire hydrants are there in case there's a fire so that a fireman could open it up and attach a hose and then squirt out the fire using the water from the fire hydrant attached to his fire hose and his fire truck or engine. Well, that's how most of them work. But there were some fire hydrants that weren't meant just for regular water in Jonah's kingdom. Instead, when you opened them up, rainbows came out.

If you wanted to put the rainbow in a hose and aim the rainbow somewhere, all you had to do was watch as King Jonah showed you how. So King Jonah went up to the white fire hydrant, which had rainbows come out of it, and he told the firemen to open it up. The firemen that worked in his kingdom opened it up, and suddenly, all the kids who were looking saw a big rainbow shine out of the fire hydrant. The rainbow had lots of different bright colors, and at the end of the rainbow, there were specks of gold that were floating out of the fire hydrant.

Jonah told the firemen that they shouldn't try to chase after the gold at the end of the rainbow. Instead, they should connect a hose to the rainbow and bottle up the rainbow and use it for different magic. The firemen connected their fire hose to the fire hydrant, and the rainbow and the little gold specks started to float through the fire hose. At the end of the fire hose, Jonah told the firemen to start watering some gardens. The firemen started pointing the rainbow fire hose at some gardens, and instead of sprinkling out water, the rainbow started to grow in the gardens.

Whenever a kid looked on the ground at those gardens, there were lots of different colors. The soil, which is usually brown, became colorful soil. All of the plants that could grow in the garden were capable of growing all the way up to the sky. There were beanstalks, berries, and BlackBerry bushes that were as big as the sky. Instead of just growing regular blackberries, they rained orange juice and grape juice because the grapes and the oranges would just fall down and splat on the ground, creating orange juice and grape juice. Yum, yum!

Wherever the rainbow pointed, it could make different kinds of clouds. The rainbow had different colors in it, and if the blue part of the rainbow touched a cloud, then it would make blueberry juice come out of that part of the cloud. If an orange part of the rainbow came out, then it would make orange juice come out, and a purple part would make grape juice. The rainbow that the firemen had in their hose would point to different places to make it kind of magical.

Suddenly, one of the firemen pointed the rainbow hose at King Jonah, and the rainbow power went into King Jonah. Everyone looked at King Jonah because it looked like he was getting a little magical. When King Jonah closed his eyes and opened them up again, he could see that his eyes had rainbow color in them. He started to know how unicorns could talk, and he could understand what animals were saying and what meows and woofs meant. Suddenly, King Jonah with his rainbow power was able to understand all of the birds that tweeted in his kingdom.

The rainbow power, after the firemen pointed the fire hose that had the rainbow come out of it at Jonah, also gave King Jonah sharing power and friend power. The way that worked was if ever there was a kid that didn't want to share, all King Jonah had to do was look at that kid with sharing power, and then that kid would want to share. Even if it was ChuChu trains, monster trucks, fast cars, blocks, magnet tiles, or fun things to draw like crayons, markers, paper, and construction paper, sharing power made all of the kids share.

Another power that the rainbow gave King Jonah was friend power. If you wanted somebody to be your friend and you had friend power from the rainbow, all you had to do was go over to the person and whisper as quietly as you could, "friend power." Then that person would look up at you and say, "Can I be your friend? Can I be your friend?" They would be so nice to you and want to play with you all the time.

There was another power it gave King Jonah, which was parent power. The parent power that it gave King Jonah was if a parent of another kid who wanted to play said it's time for them to go, parent power would give you an extra five minutes to play. All of the kids saw that King Jonah had all of these wonderful powers, and they kept asking the firemen to point the fire hose that had the rainbow in it at them. All of the kids would be like, "Me, me! I want friend power! I want sharing power! I want parent power!"

King Jonah told all of the kids to line up single file on the sidewalk next to a playground where all of the butterflies were flittering about. Then he told the firemen to aim the hose that had the rainbow come out of it, which was connected to the magical white fire hydrant, at all of the kids in his kingdom. Suddenly, Jonah heard a bloop sound, and lots of the kids were able to change their eye color to rainbow color. All of the kids started to have friend power, sharing power, and parent power, and they were so happy.

Jonah told the firemen that they could disconnect the fire hose from the white fire hydrant and close it up again for the next time they needed rainbow power. The fireman said, "Okay." But as he was disconnecting the hose, part of the fire hydrant had the rainbow stuff come out, and it hit the fire truck. The fire truck turned into a unicorn, and it still kind of looked a little bit like a unicorn fire truck because it had a big horn that came out of the front of its head, and it still looked a little bit like a horse, but a magical one. The fire hydrant also now had wings like an alicorn, which is a unicorn that could fly, but it also did still have wheels. It was kind of like a unicorn fire truck that had legs and wheels, and it looked like now, instead of just having a couple of hoses, it had squirters all over in every direction.

Jonah saw the firemen climb back onto the fire truck unicorn, and the unicorn gave them a fun ride all the way back to the fire station. Jonah and everyone else who lived in his kingdom lived happily ever after. The end.