This is Willie. Welcome to makeup stories. Tonight's makeup story is another story about King Jonah's Kingdom. Once upon a time, a long time ago in a kingdom far away where there were candy factories built into mountains and houses that were attached to balloons that floated in the air, where there were playgrounds which could come automatically whenever a kid wanted them. And kids drove Power Wheels through the streets. And the parents had to get a ride in grownup seats, which were like car seats, but for grownups in the back of Power Wheels. Well, one day in that kingdom, king Jonah decided to show everybody the rainbow fire hydrant. If you walk around a city, you may notice that on the sidewalk next to some streets, you'll sometimes see fire hydrants. And usually fire hydrants are there in case there's a fire so that a fireman could open it up and attach a hose and then squirt out the fire using the water from the fire hydrant attached to his fire hose and his fire truck or engine. Well, that's how most of them work. But there were some fire hydrants that weren't meant just for regular water in Jonah's kingdom. But instead, when you opened them up, rainbows came out. And if you wanted to put the rainbow in a hose and aim the rainbow somewhere, then all you had to do was watch as King Jonah showed you how. So King Jonah went up to the white fire hydrant, which had rainbows come out of it, and he told the firemen to open it up. And the firemen that worked in his kingdom opened it up. And suddenly, all the kids who were looking saw a big rainbow shine out of the fire hydrant. And the rainbow had lots of different bright colors. And at the end of the rainbow, there were specks of gold that were floating out of the fire hydrant. And Jonah told the firemen that they shouldn't try to chase after the gold at the end of the rainbow. Instead, they should connect a hose to the rainbow and bottle up the rainbow and use it for different magic. And so the firemen connected their fire hose to the fire hydrant and the rainbow and the little gold specks started to float through the fire hose. And at the end of the fire hose, jonah told the firemen to start watering some gardens. And the firemen started pointing the rainbow fire hose at some gardens. And instead of sprinkling out water, the rainbow started to grow in the gardens. And whenever a kid looked on the ground at those gardens, there were lots of different colors. And the soil, which is usually brown, became colorful soil. And all of the plants that could grow in the garden were capable of growing all the way up to the sky. And so there were beanstalks, and so there were berries, and there were BlackBerry bushes that were as big as the sky. And instead of just growing regular blackberries. Yeah, bud did it wane orange juice and grape juice because the grapes and the orange would just fall down and splat on the ground and it would be winning. Orange juice and grape juice. Yum, yum. And wherever the rainbow pointed, it could make different kinds of clouds. So the rainbow has different colors in it. And if the blue part of the rainbow touched a cloud, then it would make blueberry juice come out of that part of the cloud. And if an orange part of the rainbow came out, then it would make orange juice come out and a purple part grape juice. So the rainbow that the firemen, the hose that the firemen had, they would point to different places to make it kind of magical. And then suddenly one of the firemen pointed the rainbow hose at King Jonah and the rainbow power went into King Jonah and everyone looked at King Jonah because it looked like he was getting a little magical. And when king Jonah closed his eyes and opened them up again, he could see that his eyes had rainbow color in them. And he started to know how unicorns could talk and he could understand what animals were saying and what meows meant and woofs. And suddenly King Jonah with his rainbow power was able to understand all of the birds that tweeted in his kingdom. And the rainbow power after the firemen pointed the fire hose that had the rainbow come out of it at Jonah. The rainbow power also gave king Jonah sharing power and friend power. And the way that worked was if ever there was a kid that didn't want to share, all king Jonah had to do is look at that kid with sharing power. And then that kid would want to share. Even if it was ChuChu trains, even if it was a monster truck or fast fast cars or blocks or magnet tiles or fun things to draw like crayons and markers and paper and construction paper. Even sharing power made all of the kids share. And another power that the rainbow gave King Jonah was friend power. If you wanted somebody to be your friend and you had friend power from the rainbow, then all you had to do was go over to the person and whisper as quietly as you could friend power. And then that person would look up at you and say, can I be your friend? Can I be your friend? And they would be so nice to you and they would want to play with you all the time. And then there was another power it gave King Jonah, which was parent power. And the parent power that it gave King Jonah was if a parent for another kid who wanted to play said it's time for them to go parent power, give you an extra five minutes to play. And all of the kids saw that King Jonah had all of these wonderful powers, and they kept asking the firemen to point the fire hose that had the rainbow in it at them. And all of the kids would be like, me, me. I want friend power. I want sharing power. I want parent power. And so King Jonah told all of the kids to line up single file on the sidewalk next to a playground where all of the butterflies were flittering about. And then he told the firemen to aim the hose that had the rainbow come out of it, which was connected to the magical white fire hydrant, to aim that special hose at all of the kids in his kingdom. And suddenly, Jonah heard a bloop sound, and lots of the kids were able to change their eye color to rainbow color. And all of the kids started to have friend power and sharing power and parent power, and they were so happy. So Jonah told the firemen that they could disconnect the fire hose from the white fire hydrant and close it up again for the next time they need rainbow power. And the fireman said, okay. But as he was disconnecting the hose, part of the fire hydrant had the rainbow stuff come out, and it hit the fire truck. And the fire truck turned into a unicorn, and it still kind of looked a little bit like a unicorn fire truck because it had a big horn that came out of the front of its head, and it still looked like a little bit like a horse, but a magical one. And the fire hydrant also now had, like, wings, like an alicorn, which a unicorn that could fly, but it also did still have wheels. And so it was kind of like a unicorn fire truck that had legs and wheels, and it looked like now, instead of just having a couple of hoses, it had squirters all over in every direction. And Jonah saw the firemen climb back on to the fire truck unicorn, and the unicorn gave them a fun ride all the way back to the fire station. And Jonah and everyone else who lived in his kingdom lived happily ever after. The end.