Welcome to makeup the kids bedtime stories podcast. Get ready to listen to fun and non scary stories that I make up on the fly without preparing. I tell these stories to my five year old son as part of his bedtime routine. Thanks for listening. Okay, so you said you wanted this makeup story to have a shark, a fair boat? Yes. A tiger? Yes. A boy? Well, yes. And a lot of families. The boy is part of family. Okay. There needs to be a captain to drive the ship. Okay. And a captain that drives the ship. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a big boy whose name was David. And David lived right near the north Pole, where it was so snowy and so cold. And David did not live in a regular house with walls and a chimney and a kitchen and bathrooms and bedrooms. Instead, because David lived in the north pole, his family lived in an igloo. An igloo is a house that's made out of snow and ice. And the walls of an igloo are snow and ice. And the roof of an igloo is snow and ice. And inside the stairs are snow and ice, and everything is made of snow and ice. Except david's family had decided to decorate their special igloo with a carpet, and they even had beds in the igloo. And they had a special kids play center with a lot of toys, including dolls and teddy bears and monster trucks and ChuChu trains, and even the specialist toy of all, a helicopter, which was also a Barbie. And the helicopter barbie could transform from a Barbie into a helicopter. And a barbie is a kind of doll that looks like a girl, and this girl Barbie could also transform into a helicopter. Well, David loved to play in his igloo, and sometimes his friends who would live in different igloos would come over after school to play in his special toy room also lived at the north pole. Yes, all of his friends also lived at the north pole. And they would play so many times. But it was winter, and David told his family that it was too cold and that they should go on a trip somewhere. So his dad and mom decided to pack their suitcases. And David had his own little suitcase, which had some paw patrol pictures on it. And he packed all of his toys in it, including a baby shark toy that he had. And he decided that they should go on an adventure to someplace that was warmer, because although he liked his igloo and he loved his special toy room and all of his friends, he thought it would be a better idea to go somewhere warm for a little bit. So his family packed all of his toys and all of their clothing into suitcases and then put it in their monster truck. And they had to drive a monster truck in the North Pole because there was so much snow, and a regular car would just slip and slide and get stuck. So David went into his car seat and some of his friends saw that he was leaving. And they asked their parents if they could go on the adventure too. And their parents said okay. And all of his friends went into their family's monster trucks, and somebody decided to play some music. And as they played music, the people in the Igloo town waved goodbye. And David and his family and some of David's friends and their families started off on their adventure. Well, they drove through a lot of snow. And their monster trucks were not slippy and slidy because they had such big wheels, because monster trucks are very big cars. And they drove and they drove until it started to get dark. When it started to get dark, they saw a restaurant. And the restaurant was next to a big, big lake. And they saw that the lake was so deep that even a monster truck couldn't go through it. Well, Billy told his dad and mom that it was important for them to stop at the restaurant. And he said, stop. And all of his friends parents stopped in their monster trucks as well. And they all went inside the restaurant. When they got inside the restaurant, they saw that there were strawberries hanging from the ceilings, and there were all sorts of Cheerios, which is a kind of cereal all over the floor. And when you step one of the three things you're adding in yes. And they stepped on the cherry OS, and it got so crunchy, one more you could add in, and it got so crunchy that they were stepping all over it and it felt almost like sand. And there was a special machine where they could press a button and it made milk come out. And the kids decided that this was the funnest restaurant ever, because whenever they wanted something, all they had to do was say beep and press a button and that thing would come up. So David found a button to press and he pressed it. And do you know what came out? What? Ice cream. And he had some ice cream. Well, ice cream was cold and his belly was cold, too. So then he pressed a different button and he said, beep. And then a hot dog came out. And the hot dog was kind of hot, so he liked it. Well, all of his friends ate, too. And they decided it was time for them to continue on their adventure. But there was a big, big lake, which was so deep, even deeper than a monster truck is big. And the monster trucks couldn't drive through it. Luckily, they heard a sound while they were in their restaurant. And the sound went and it was a foghorn. David said he knew what that sound was. That sound was from a ferry boat. And the ferry boat came right next to the restaurant. And the captain came off of the ferry boat, and the captain went in the restaurant, and he pressed a yellow button. And just as he pressed that, orange juice fell from the ceiling all over his head. And he got so wet. And the kids started to laugh because the captain did something silly. And then the captain pressed a green button, and then a blow dryer started blowing on him and dried off all of the orange juice. Well, David had an idea. David thought this captain was so silly, so he said, Mr. Silly Captain, can you let all the monster trucks on the ferry boat? Because a ferry boat is a boat that could have a lot of cars on it and ferry us across this big deep lake. And the captain said, okay, right after I have my chocolate raspberry pudding. And then he pressed the chocolate button, and he got a chocolate raspberry pudding that a hand through the wall gave him. He ate that all up. And then all the kids and all the parents went back in their monster trucks. And their monster trucks went on a ramp onto the ferry. And when they were in the ferry, the captain said, abaluda, which was his way of saying, all aboard. And then he made the ferry go on the lake. And the ferry was not so very fast, but the kids didn't have to stay in their monster trucks while they were on the ferry. Instead, they were able to get off and watch. What happened? Well, David decided to open his suitcase to get some toys to share with the kids. And one of the toys that David decided to get was his toy shark. And he was playing with it with the kids when one of the little kids took it away from him and threw it in the lake. David started to cry because that made him feel not so very nice. Well, he looked over the lake and his mom said, david, what happened? Why are you crying? And he pointed to the lake. And just as he pointed that, he saw that there were some sharks, not just little sharks, but big real sharks that were starting to play with his toy shark. And the big sharks had big teeth, but these didn't look like mean sharks because they weren't opening their mouth and being mean with their teeth. Instead, they were playing with the little toy shark that he had. And he noticed that some of the sharks were starting to get caught in a lot of seaweed. And so he stopped crying and told the silly captain of the ship, silly captain, we have an emergency. There are some nice sharks that are stuck in the lake and they're playing with my shark, but they are caught in seaweed. And the silly captain came down, and he decided to take off his captain hat and put it on David. And he said, Everyone, emergency rescue procedures commencing. And he began to begin the initiation procedure for the initial start of the emergency operation. That's good because it has ferry boats, because some ferry boats are actually shark rescuers. Yes. Did this one have this to grab sharks? Yes. So this ferry boat had an arm that it used to go in the water to grab sharks and pick them up and move them out of the seaweed. And it saved all the sharks. And after it saved the sharks, the arm grabbed in the water to grab the little shark and bring it back up to David. David said thank you to the silly captain, and the silly captain let him continue to wear the captain hat. Well, the ferry finally got to the other side of the lake. And when they got to the other side of the lake, the captain told all the kids and all the parents to go back in their monster trucks. And they all went back in their monster trucks. And when they got there, they saw a zoo with some tigers in it. And on this side of the North Pole, where this lake was, it was much hotter than Igloo place. And so they decided to go in the zoo. And the zookeeper said, all of these tigers are very friendly and it's okay if you go on tiger rides. So David said, okay. And all of the kids took turns going on the tiger rides. And then after they had fun in the zoo, they kept driving with their families in their monster trucks to a warmer place, which had nice sandbox and it had such nice slides, and it also had rope courses that they could swing on. And they went there for a vacation and decided to all share David's toys. And David was so good at sharing that all of his friends said he's the best. And the captain of the ship, the silly captain, always let David keep his captain hat on the ship, even when he got off the ship. And the captain told David that when he needed a ride back across the lake, he would be there waiting with the ferry. So David had fun with all of his friends from the Igloo on their vacation in this special sandy place, which was warmer, and they all lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. If you want me to make up a special story for you, then tell me three special things you want to be in the story and your name and write a review. I'll make up a special story just for you.