Welcome to makeup. The Kids Bedtime Womb is tonight's makeup story is a request from an eight year old listener named Samantha. Samantha asked for us to make up a story that includes a princess and a unicorn. And we are going to add ah reigning houses to this story. And Samantha also asked for Harry Potter and we'll do that. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Samantha. Samantha was eight years old and the only princess who lived next to the river. All of the other girls that Samantha knew lived in regular houses next to their houses. They had some sheep. But Samantha lived in a big princess castle. And the castle had big castle windows and it had lights on the top that could change colors. And sometimes there was a guard at the castle who made fireworks explode in different colors in the sky. And the castle had a pond. And in the pond there were a lot of different birds that used to take baths and there were also some fish that used to swim in the pond that would jump out of the water and try to catch flies. Well, Samantha loved being the princess and she had a special princess dress that she got to wear sometimes for breakfast. Her mama, the queen, would make her pancakes and sometimes she would get eggs. Sometimes she would get oatmeal and sometimes she would get Cheerios. Samantha loved bacon for breakfast but she didn't have that every day. Well, one day after she woke up and finished eating a yummy breakfast which included some yummy oatmeal with sugar in it she heard a knock on the door of her castle. And the knock went knock, knock, knock. And Samantha asked her dad, who was the king of the whole castle, to help her open the door. And so the King brought his royal self walking to the door and he went trip trap, trip trap as his footsteps got closer to the door. And the king also brought some of his guards with him and they opened the door and they couldn't believe what they saw. Do you know who it was? The king brought his guards because he didn't know what he was going to see and it was a stranger that was knocking on the door. But do you know who they saw? Harry Potter. And Harry Potter is a big kid who knows how to do magic. He has a magic wand and he has black glasses and he looks a little silly and he has blue eyes and he's really good at magic. And the King said Harry Potter, what are you doing here in this castle? And Harry Potter told the king that he had a special present for Princess Samantha because it was Princess Samantha's birthday tomorrow. And Princess Samantha said harry Potter, I didn't know you could come to this castle in real life. And Harry Potter said that he could. And he said, Happy birthday. And Samantha was really happy. So she asked Harry Potter what the present was. And Harry Potter showed Samantha that there was a box with some gift wrapping. And Harry Potter said, poof Open the box. And the box started opening by itself, and Samantha helped take the gift wrapping off. And do you know what she saw inside the box? She saw three different unicorns. They were baby unicorns, and so they fit in a box. These unicorns were so little, they still needed to be taken care of and couldn't take princesses on magic rides flying through the sky or on top of a forest. They still needed for Samantha to help them and to hold them and to feed them. And so Samantha told Harry Potter, thank you. And Harry Potter said that she could keep the unicorns. And she told her parents that because all of the other kids had sheep outside of her house, outside of their house, she should have a special unicorn stable, and it should be attached to the castle so that the unicorns could come in the castle and go out of the castle whenever the unicorns wanted to. And she also told her dad that they should make a special sprinkler system so that when it sprinkled, there would be little rainbows that the unicorns could look at, and unicorns like rainbows. And her dad, the king, said, okay. So they started building the shed for the unicorns, and they let the unicorns go in and out of the castle when the unicorns started getting a little bigger. They were so playful, and they loved when Samantha played with them. And Samantha didn't know that unicorns could do this, but they were even able to run up trees, and unicorns were able to go upside down. That's something that not a lot of people know. But unicorns can go upside down, and they can even fly upside down. And if you're riding a unicorn while it's flying upside down, you won't fall off. And Samantha was having so much fun because she was teaching her unicorns, who were becoming big unicorns, how to do so many amazing tricks. One day, a lot of Samantha's friends came over to the castle, and they asked Samantha to show them how to do tricks with a unicorn. And Samantha said, okay. So Samantha started walking, and she got close to the pond where there were so many fish and birdies who took baths, and then she said, Chocolate. And suddenly, one of the unicorns waved a magic wand that Harry Potter left over. And do you know what happened? Did chocolate come? Yes. The pond turned into chocolate, and there was a water fountain next to it where the water would spritz up. And instead of regular water, it was chocolate all over. And the chocolate got all over all of the unicorns. So they didn't have rainbow hair, and they weren't white anymore. And the unicorns were full of chocolate. Just as that happened, the king, Samantha's dadda, came out of the castle and said, samantha, why was I taking a shower? And it started showering chocolate on me. And the Queen Samantha's mama, said, hey, I was just taking a bath, and all of the water turned into chocolate, and now I'm full of chocolate. And Samantha's big brother, who is cleaning the dishes, said, Samantha, I was just using the sink inside and cleaning the dishes, and now they're so full of chocolate. And Samantha said it was okay. It was just an accident. Because she was trying to show her friends a trick, that the unicorn could turn water into chocolate. But she didn't mean to turn everything into chocolate. And so the unicorn told Samantha that it would undo the trick and it would make the wetter regular again. And this time the unicorn said, Hachu. And just as it sneezed, it waved the magic wand and said, Avra giravra. And as it said that, the water started to become bubbly. And it was regular water. It wasn't chocolate anymore, but it was like a big bubble bath, and the bubbles were getting all over. They were even getting up to the doors on the castle and to so many places. And Samantha told the unicorn she had to make the bubbles go away. And so the unicorn waved its magic wand again and made the bubbles go away and made the what irregular. And Samantha's friend said, yay. The unicorn saves the day. And Samantha went back in her house, and she kept training the unicorns. And her friends were always so proud of her. And her mama and daddy were also so proud of her. And Samantha and the rest of her family lived happily ever after. The End tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.