Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jesse. Jesse lived in a regular house with his older brother Jonah. Sometimes, when they wanted to play, they would build forts. To build forts, they used chairs to hold up blankets, making a ceiling of blankets. They made the walls of the fort out of pillows. To go inside the fort, you had to know the secret password. Jesse decided the secret password was "kitty cat meow meow."

Inside the fort, you could play any game you wanted because all you had to do was think of a toy, and it would turn real right before your eyes. If you wanted a Lightning McQueen car, you just had to go in the fort, concentrate really hard, and close your eyes. If you thought about Lightning McQueen with his lightning stripe and fast race wheels, suddenly, a Lightning McQueen would appear! It didn't just work with Lightning McQueen; inside the magical fort, you could think of different toys like Hot Wheels racers, magnet tiles, and blocks. You could even create a wand and use it to create other magical things.

One day, Jesse and Jonah were putting the finishing touches on their fort, but one of the walls felt kind of loose. When Jesse went inside the fort, there was a big earthquake! The blanket on top of the fort fell on Jesse's head. Jesse was in the fort with Jonah, who tried to hold up the top of the fort, but the blanket was still shaking. Suddenly, Jesse and Jonah went into a world made of pillows and blankets, where everything was magical.

When the shaking stopped, they fixed the top of their blanket and got out of the fort. They saw the sky was covered in a big, white, fluffy blanket, and instead of clouds, there were pillows in the air. The streets had cars shaped like pillows that floated instead of driving with wheels. In every supermarket, they only sold paper towels, napkins, toilet paper, and tissues. Everything was blank and white. Jesse looked for grass, but even the grass was white and looked like it was made out of paper.

Jesse and Jonah didn't know how to get out of this magical world. They knew it was because of the earthquake, but how could they get back to their regular house? Jonah had an idea. They needed to go to an art store to find crayons, markers, or paint. They could use real colors on the paper grass to see if it turned from white back to green.

Jesse and Jonah went down the white sidewalk, looking through empty windows for an art store. They finally found a gas station where a person dressed in white clothing made of paper towels was pumping gas. Instead of gas, it was green paint! Jesse and Jonah decided to use the green paint from the gas station. They put it in buckets and carried them to a field with white grass. They poured the green paint onto the white grass, and it started turning green! New flowers like sunflowers, daisies, lilies, and pink tulips began to grow. Trees with brown bark started to grow too, even though they didn't pour any brown paint.

Jonah told Jesse that the magic was working, but there was a problem: it was still very dry. How could all the plants grow? Jesse had a solution. They needed rain, but to get rain, they needed water to fall from the pillows in the sky. Jonah had an idea. They went to the fire station and found a big hose the firemen weren't using. They pointed it towards the pillows in the sky and squirted water until it bounced off the pillows, making it rain in their world.

As everything started to grow, Jesse and Jonah got really tired. They saw the blanket in the sky moving away, revealing the ceiling of their regular house. The walls of the world they were in started to fall apart, showing their regular house outside. The earthquake was over, and the shaking was really just their dad shaking the fort. They were back in their regular house, and all they had was an imagination adventure.

Back in their regular house, Jesse told Jonah he was done playing with forts and that they should go color and paint something nice. They got a coloring book and crayons. When they started drawing, the page ripped off and floated through the air. Jesse and Jonah knew it was going to the world of the pillow fort. Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end.