Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse. And Jesse lived in a regular house with his older brother Jonah. And sometimes when they wanted to play, they would build forts. And to build forts, they would use chairs to hold up some blankets so they can make a ceiling of blankets. And they would make the walls of the fort out of pillows. And if you wanted to go inside the fort, then you had to know the secret password. And Jesse decided that the secret password was kitty cat meow meow. And once you got inside the fort, then you could play any game that you wanted to play inside the fort, because all you had to do was think of a toy, and then the toy would turn real right in front of your eyes. So if you wanted to think of a lightning McQueen car, then all you had to do was go in the fort, which was made of pillows and which was made of blankets, and then you had to concentrate real hard and close your eyes. And then if you would think about lightning McQueen and his lightning stripe on his side and his fast race wheels, then suddenly a lightning McQueen would appear before you. And it didn't just work with lightning McQueen. Inside of the magical fort. You could think of different kinds of toys, like hot wheels, racers, magnet, tiles, blocks. You could even create a wand and use the wand to create other magic things. Well, Jesse and Jonah were putting the finishing touches on their fort, but one of the walls was feeling kind of loose. And when Jesse went inside his fort, there was a big earthquake. And suddenly, the blanket that was on top of the fort went right on Jesse's head. And Jesse was in the fort with his brother Jonah. And Jonah tried to hold up the top of the fort, but the blanket was right on top of them, and it was still shaking. And suddenly, Jesse and Jonah went into a world that was made of pillows and blankets and where the whole entire world was magical. When Jesse and Jonah finally felt the shaking stop and they fixed the top of their blanket and got out of the fort, they saw that the sky was covered in a big, white, fluffy blanket and that instead of clouds, there were pillows in the air. They saw that on the street, there were cars that were the shapes of pillows, and they would float on top of the street instead of driving with wheels. And Jesse could see that whatever supermarket you went into, they only sold paper towels and napkins and toilet paper and tissues. And everywhere that Jonah and Jesse went, everything was blank and white. Jesse wanted to see if there was grass, but when he looked at a field, he saw that even the grass was white and looked like it was made out of paper. Jesse and Jonah didn't know how to get out of this magical world. Jesse knew that it was because of the earthquake, but how could they get back to the regular house that they were in before Jonah had an idea? Jonah told Jesse that they needed to go to an art store, because if they went to a shop that sold some art supplies, like crayons or markers or even paint, then they could use some real colors and put it on the paper grass and see if the grass turned from white back to green. So Jesse and jonah went down the white sidewalk, and they looked through all of the empty windows, and they couldn't find any art store until they finally got to the end of town where there was a big gas station. And in the gas pump, they saw that there was a person, and the person was dressed in all white clothing that looked like it was made of paper towels. And the person was pumping gas, but instead of gas going into their car, it was green paint. And so Jesse said, ah, I found it. And Jesse and jonah decided that they would use the green paint from the gas station, and they would put it in buckets. And then they would walk over to a grass field with the white grass, and they would pour the green buckets of paint onto the white grass, and that would for sure turn it green. So Jesse and jonah found some buckets right behind the gas station. The buckets were white, but soon enough, they pumped a lot of green paint from the gas station into the buckets. And Jesse and Jonah had to carry the buckets helping each other because the buckets were heavy, and they even spilled a little green paint on the white sidewalk. Finally, they got to the field, and Jesse and jonah started pouring the green paint onto the white grass. And the green paint went into the soil, and it went into the dirt, and it started spreading. And soon all of the grass started turning green. But Jesse could see that there were new sunflowers starting to come out and daisies and lilies and even tulips that were nice and pink. And he could see that the field was starting to turn into real things, not just like paper. And Jesse could also see that there were trees that were starting to grow, and the trees had brown bark, even though they didn't pour any brown paint. Jonah told Jesse that this means that the magic was working, but there was a problem. It was still very dry. And how could all of those plants grow? Jesse and Jonah didn't know. Finally, Jesse had a solution. He told Jonah that the only way that the plants could grow is that it had to rain. But to get it to rain, they would need to get water to fall out of the pillows, which were in the sky under the big blanket and that were there instead of clouds. Jonah had an idea. He told Jesse they needed to go to the fire station. And so Jesse and Jonah went to the fire station, and they saw that there was a big hose that the firemen weren't using. They started unraveling that hose, and they made it really long, and they pointed it up towards the pillows in the sky. And they started squirting the water until it bounced off of the pillows. And that made rain, and it started to rain in their world. And soon all of the things started to grow. And Jesse and Jonah were getting really tired. And they could see that as the tree was growing, gradually the blanket that was in the sky was moving away. And they could see that there was something on top of the sky. And on top of the sky was the ceiling of their regular house. And they could also see that the walls of the world that they were in were starting to fall apart, and that outside of the walls was their regular house. Well, it looked like the earthquake was over, and the shaking was really just their dad shaking the fort. And they were back in their regular house. And all that they had was an imagination adventure. When they were back in their regular house, jesse told Jonah that he was done playing with forts and that they should go color and paint something nice. So Jonah and Jesse got a coloring book, and they also got some crayons. And when they started using the crayons and drawing in the coloring book, suddenly the page ripped off and it started to float through the air. And Jesse and Jonah knew that it was going to the world of the pillowfort. And Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end.