Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse lived on a big carrot farm where there were lots of carrots growing all over. They had a tractor on the farm that always looked a little bit strange because normal tractors have, like, two really big wheels in the back and smaller wheels in the front. But this tractor had a giant metal wheel on top of it. Whenever Jonah and Jesse asked their parents why this tractor had that extra wheel on top of it, their parents told them, "Don't ask about that tractor. Kids aren't allowed to ask about that. It's just a secret."

One day, Jonah and Jesse were outside on their patio because they were having some hot dogs for lunch. As they were having some hot dogs, they saw a red rabbit, the first red rabbit they ever saw, and it was running through the carrot field. Jonah and Jesse couldn't believe that they saw a red rabbit. So they decided to start chasing it to see if they could catch it. They started chasing the red rabbit as it ran through the carrot field, and it ran all the way to the tractor. When the red rabbit got to the tractor, it hid under the tractor. Jonah and Jesse didn't want to go under the tractor, so they decided to go on both sides so that if the red rabbit went on one side of the tractor, Jesse would get it. And if it went out on the other side of the tractor, then Jonah would get it. They weren't trying to be mean; they were going to take care of the red rabbit and pet it and be nice.

As they were waiting on both sides of the tractor, they heard the engine of the tractor start, even though there was nobody in it. Suddenly the tractor started dipping under the ground. There was a big platform under the tractor, and that whole platform went under the ground. Jonah and Jesse were worried for a second. At first, they thought it was an earthquake because the ground shook as the tractor went under. They decided that they needed to run back to their farmhouse to tell their parents what was going on. So Jonah and Jesse ran through the carrot farm all the way back to the farmhouse where there was a barbecue going on. They were supposed to have marshmallows and s'mores, but now that wasn't even important. What was more important was to tell their parents about the red rabbit and how it went under the tractor and how the tractor went under the ground.

They rushed to tell their parents. When Steve heard about that, he was quiet. He said, "Guys, pretend that you never just saw that." Jonah said, "Why? Why?" Amanda asked, "What just happened?" Jonah said, "We saw a red rabbit go under the tractor. And the tractor went under the ground, and now dad won't even tell us why." Amanda said, "Did the wheel on top of the tractor, the extra wheel that you guys aren't supposed to talk about, did that start turning?" Jesse said, "Well, it did start turning, and it also turned red. As it was turning around, it got redder and redder."

Amanda looked at Steve, and Steve looked at Amanda, and suddenly both Steve and Amanda started floating in the air. They said, "Jonah and Jesse, we have a secret that we've been keeping from you for your whole lives, and we're going to tell you this secret right now because you found out about the red rabbit, but I don't want you to tell anybody else." Jonah said, "Okay."

Steve and Amanda said, "Really? We're not your real parents. Really, we are aliens that come from a red planet that's far away and is called Mars. We came over to this planet on a spaceship that has a red top that spins around and around. We park that spaceship in the farm. And when we park it, we kind of put it on top of a tractor. The aliens that live on the planet kind of look like red rabbits, but they could turn into people. And so when we came to Earth, we saw that this farm looked like a perfect place because the rabbit aliens that live on that red planet, they love eating carrots, but carrots don't grow on that planet. That's why we decided to start a carrot farm, and that's why we have so many carrots here. And that's also why we could float."

Jonah and Jesse asked if they could float also. Steve told Jesse and Jonah, "Have you guys ever tried to close your eyes and think really hard, as hard as you could, 'float, float, float,' and then waved your arms out and pushed your hands down?" Both kids said, "No, they hadn't." Steve said, "Well, why don't you try that?" They tried it, and suddenly Jonah and Jesse started to float too. Now the whole family was floating.

They went outside to the barbecue grill. When they looked at the barbecue grill, they saw the marshmallows. Suddenly Jonah looked at the marshmallows and said, "Those aren't yummy." He looked all over the carrots at the carrot farm and said, "Those are yummier than marshmallows." He started floating all the way to the carrots that were growing, and he started eating them. They were yummier to him than even marshmallows were.

Jonah and Jesse said, "Well, what about that spaceship that looks like a tractor?" The whole family decided to float over to it. They floated over to the big hole in the ground where that spaceship was, and they saw the big red turning wheel on top. Jonah and Jesse followed their dad and mom as they went into that big, big turning wheel. When they went inside, they found the red rabbit. The red rabbit was really their uncle. Their uncle's name was Rebela.

Rebela had just arrived from the other planet, and he was going to go back, but first, he needed to get the planet to go in the right place because Mars was too far away. Inside of that spaceship, there was a special telescope where if you look through that telescope, then it makes the planet go to where you want it to go because it has a very strong magnet in the telescope.

Rebela, who looked like a rabbit right now, now that Jonah and Jesse knew that he was an alien, decided to change forms, and he looked like a regular person, and he kind of looked a little bit like Jonah's dad, Steve. Rebela said, "Jonah, do you want to look through the telescope?" Jonah floated over to the telescope, and he put his eye right on the lens of the telescope. When he looked first, he just saw little twinkles in the sky that looked like glow worms. But then Jesse said, "Wait, it's my turn, it's my turn." Jesse looked through the telescope, and he saw that it wasn't glow worms. There was a red dot in the sky, but it was far away.

Jesse put his eye very close to the telescope, and when he saw the red dot, the red dot got closer and closer. What was happening was as the red dot was getting closer, the whole spaceship with the red wheel that looked like a tractor was going higher and higher in the air as the red dot, which was Mars, was getting closer to them. That's how they got to outer space using their special magnet power.

Then Jonah had a turn, and Jonah looked through it, and he found a trick to make them go even faster. The trick was to get a magnifying glass and put the magnifying glass on top of the lens. Then you looked through the telescope, which made Mars get to them really fast, and it made them get to Mars just as fast. So after a few minutes, they got all the way to Mars.

When they got to Mars, luckily, Jesse brought some carrots with him. There were so many different red rabbits on Mars that were so happy to see them. But Jonah and Jesse still looked like people. They told their parents that they wanted to change into rabbits for a little bit, and then afterward, they would go back to Earth. Their parents told them the magic words to say to make them look like rabbits. They turned themselves into red rabbits, and they played a really fun game of tag on Mars.

Now, tag on Mars is much more fun than tag on the planet Earth because when you play tag on Mars, there are all sorts of special tunnels that you could go through. Rabbits are very good at going through underground tunnels. So the rabbit that's "it" on Mars has to be so clever; it has to figure out which tunnel to go through, whether to go right or left. They had a really fun game of tag until Jonah and Jesse decided that they needed to go back down to Earth and turn back into people.

They turned the telescope back on and pointed it at Earth, and they zoomed back to Earth. They decided to live out the rest of their life, partly part of the time, as people. And whenever they wanted to play really fun games of tag, they turned back into rabbits. Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.