Yiddi. Diana. Hi. My name is Madeline. Welcome to Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Okay, jesse, Woody, want tonight's makeup story to be about a microscope that can when you look at the planets, it can move planets wherever the microscope goes. Okay, I think you mean like a telescope that you look through at planets, right? Yeah. Okay. And Jonah, what do you want? A black hole. Okay, so there's a lot of space stuff. So a telescope when if you look at the planet, the planets go wherever you look at. And Jonah wants the story to be about a black hole. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse lived on a big carrot farm where there were lots of carrots growing all over. And they had a tractor on the farm that always looked a little bit strange because normal tractors have, like, two really big wheels in the back and smaller wheels in the front. But this tractor had a giant metal wheel on top of it. And whenever Jonah and Jesse asked their parents, why did this tractor have that extra wheel on top of it, their parents told them, don't ask about that tractor. Kids aren't allowed to ask about that. It's just a secret. And one day, Jonah and Jesse were outside on their patio because they were having some hot dogs for lunch. And as they were having some hot dogs, they saw that there was a red rabbit, the first red rabbit they ever saw, and it was running through the carrot field. And Jonah and Jesse, they couldn't believe that they saw a red rabbit. So they decided to start chasing it to see if they could catch it. And they started chasing the red rabbit as it ran through the carrot field, and it ran all the way to the tractor. When the red rabbit got to the tractor, it kind of hid under the tractor. And Jonah and Jesse, they didn't want to go under the tractor, so they decided to go on both sides so that if the red rabbit went on one side of the tractor, jesse would get it. And if it went out on the other side of the tractor, then Jonah would get it. And they weren't trying to be mean. They were going to take care of the red rabbit and pet it and be nice. Well, as they were waiting on both sides of the tractor, they heard the engine of the tractor start, even though there was nobody in it. And suddenly the tractor started dipping under the ground. There was like a big platform under the tractor, and that whole platform went under the ground. And Jonah and Jesse, they were worried for a second. And first they thought it was an earthquake because the ground shook as the tractor went under. And they decided that they needed to run back to their farmhouse to tell their parents what was going on. So Jonah and Jesse ran through the carrot farm all the way back to the farmhouse where there was a barbecue going on. And they were supposed to have, like, marshmallows and s'mores, but now that wasn't even important. What was more important was to tell their parents about the red rabbit and how it went under the tractor and how the tractor went under the ground. And so they rushed to tell their parents. And when Steve heard about that, Steve was quiet. And he said, guys, pretend that you never just saw that. And Jonah said, why? Why? And Amanda said what just happened? And Jonah said, we saw a red rabbit go under the tractor. And the tractor went under the ground, and now dad won't even tell us why. And Amanda said, did the wheel on top of the tractor, the extra wheel that you guys aren't supposed to talk about, did that start turning? And Jesse said, well, it did start turning, and it also turned red. As it was turning around, it got redder and redder. And Amanda looked at Steve, and Steve looked at Amanda, and suddenly both Steve and Amanda started floating in the air. And they said, Jonah and Jesse, we have a secret that we've been keeping from you for your whole lives, and we're going to tell you this secret right now because you found out about the red rabbit, but I don't want you to tell anybody else. And Jonah said, okay. And Steve and Amanda said, really? We're not your real parents. Really, we are aliens that come from a red planet that's far away and is called Mars. And we came over to this planet on a spaceship that has a red top that spins around and around. And we park that spaceship in the farm. And when we park it, when we parked it, we kind of put it on top of a tractor. And the aliens that live on the planet kind of look like red rabbits, but they could turn into people. And so when we came to Earth, we saw that this farm looked like a perfect place, because the rabid aliens that live on that red planet, they love eating carrots, but carrots don't grow on that planet. And that's why we decided to start a carrot farm, and that's why we have so many carrots here. And that's also why we could float. And Jonah and Jesse asked if they could float also. And Steve told Jesse and Jonah, have you guys ever tried to close your eyes and think really hard, as hard as you could, float, float, float, and then waved your arms out and pushed your hands down? And both kids said, no, they hadn't. And Steve said, well, why don't you try that? And they tried it. And suddenly Jonah and Jesse started to float too. And now the whole family was floating. And they went outside to the barbecue grill. And when they looked at the barbecue grill, they saw the marshmallows. And suddenly Jonah looked at the marshmallows and he's like, those aren't yummy. And he looked all over the carrots at the carrot farm, and he was like, those are yummier than marshmallows. And he started floating all the way to the carrots that were growing, and he started eating them. And they were yummier to him than even marshmallows were. And so Jonah and Jesse said, well, what about that, like, spaceship that looks like a tractor? And the whole family decided to float over to it. And they floated over to the big hole in the ground where that spaceship was, and they saw that there was the big red turning wheel on top. And Jonah and Jesse followed their dad and mom as they went into that big, big turning wheel. And when they went inside, they found the red rabbit. And the red rabbit was really their uncle. And their uncle's name was REBELA. And REBELA was he just arrived from the other planet and he was going to go back, but first he needed to get the planet to go in the right place because Mars was too far away. And inside of that spaceship, there was a special telescope where if you look through that telescope, then it makes the planet go to where you want it to go, because it has a very strong magnet in the telescope. And so the uncle REBELA, who looks like a rabbit right now, now that Jonah and Jesse knew that he was an alien, he decided to change forms, and he looked like a regular person, and he kind of looked a little bit like Jonah's dad, Steve. And REBELA said, Jonah, do you want to look through the telescope? And Jonah floated over to the telescope, and he put his eye right on the lens of the telescope. And when he looked first, he just saw little, like, twinkles in the sky that looked like glow worms. But then Jesse said, wait, it's my turn, it's my turn. And Jesse looked through the telescope and he saw that really, it wasn't glow worms. There was a red dot in the sky, but it was far away. So Jesse put his eye very close to the telescope, and when he saw the red dot, the red dot got closer and closer. And what was happening was as the red dot was getting closer, really, the whole spaceship with the red wheel that looked like a tractor that was going higher and higher in the air as the red dot, which was Mars, was getting closer to them. And that's how they got to outer space using their special magnet power. And then Jonah had a turn, and Jonah looked through it, and he found a trick to make them go even faster. The trick was you got a magnifying glass, and you put the magnifying glass on top of the lens. And then you looked through the telescope that made Mars get to them really fast, and it made them get to Mars just as fast. So after a few minutes, they got all the way to Mars. And when they got to Mars, luckily, Jesse brought some carrots with him. And there were so many different red rabbits on Mars that were so happy to see them. But Jonah and Jesse still looked like people. And so they told their parents that they wanted to change into rabbits for a little bit, and then afterwards they would go back to Earth. So their parents told them the magic words to say to make them look like rabbits. And then they turned themselves into red rabbits and they played a really fun game of tag in Mars. Now, tag on Mars is much more fun than tag on the planet Earth, because when you play tag on Mars, there's all sorts of special tunnels that you could go through. And rabbits are very good at going through underground tunnels. So the rabbit that's it on Mars has to be so clever, it has to figure out which tunnel to go through, if he should go right or left. And they had a really fun game of tag until Jonah and Jesse decided that they needed to go back down to Earth and turn back to people. And so they turned the telescope back on and they pointed it at Earth, and they zoomed back to Earth, and they decided to live out the rest of their life, partly part of the time, as people. And whenever they wanted to play really fun games of tag, they turned back into rabbits. And Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end. Oh, yeah. Thanks for letting me kind of make uptoid. My name is Evan. Makeuptoy.com turn the fan.