Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Audrey. Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi, my name is Louie. I'm six and eleven boston and now would like a story about a mermaid princess and then knocked us who square thread juggle captures mermaid. And now I also like explorer who find drums inside of volcano. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a girl named Lily, who lives in Boston, Massachusetts, and who turned seven years old two days ago on Friday, March 26. And so we want to say happy birthday, Lily. Happy birthday, Lily. And Lily asked for us to make up a story that includes a mermaid princess and an octopus that squirts jello, and an explorer that finds gems. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Lily. Lily was really happy because there was a submarine that was parked in the ocean right near Boston. And Lily's parents told Lily that they were going to go on the submarine to explore. Lily had never been on a submarine before, so she was very excited. The next day, Lily's parents put Lily in her car seat and they drove all the way to the Atlantic Ocean. When they got to the ocean, Lily saw that there was a big red submarine that had a picture of a birthday cake painted on it. And on top of the submarine, there was a submarine captain. And Lily's parents parked the car, and Lily got out of her car seat, and her parents got out of the car, and they started walking to the big red submarine with the birthday cake picture on it. When they got to the submarine, they saw that there was a long line of other kids who were going for a submarine ride, too. They waited their turn in line, and then they gave the captain of the submarine their tickets. And Lily and her parents went inside of the submarine. The captain of the submarine said that that day they were going to go on a real submarine ride under the ocean and that they were going to explore a new part of the ocean where the water was yellow and where nobody had been to before. All of the kids said yay. All of the kids strapped in their seats. And then a person came around and asked the kids if they wanted to drink milk or orange juice. And Lily got to choose. Did she choose orange juice? Lily decided to choose orange juice and milk. And she had two glasses of orange juice and just a little bit of milk. And then the captain of the submarine made an announcement, and he said, everyone strap on your seatbelts because the submarine is about to depart and we are going to take the submarine through the ocean to the secret yellow sea. And all of the kids started to clap. And then Lily saw that the submarine captain got in his captain's seat, and he pressed a button that turned on the engine. And then the submarine engine started to make a big noise that went and the submarine started going so fast through the ocean. As the submarine was going into the ocean, lily saw that there were lots of colorful fish which were swimming in circles. And Lily also saw that there were even some crabs and there were some lobsters in the ocean. And there was a whale that had eyes that were as big as a kid's mouth. And Lily kept looking at all of the special things out of the submarine's window when suddenly she saw that the water was getting yellower. And so she said, Captain, look. The water is getting yellower. And the captain of the submarine told everyone, attention. We're at the secret yellow water place. We're going to have the submarine go to the bottom of the ocean, and we're going to watch what happens. And then the captain of the submarine turned off the submarine engine, and the submarine floated there. As it was floating, Lily saw that there were several mermaids. And the mermaids were swimming through the yellow water. But there was somebody chasing the mermaid. And the person that was chasing the mermaid was really an octopus. And the octopus was trying to squirt out chocolate pudding to capture the mermaids because mermaids aren't good at swimming through chocolate pudding. But all the octopus could really squirt out was jello. And so as the mermaids were trying to swim away through the yellow water, the octopus would go faster and faster, and the octopus would squirt out so much jello. And the mermaids were swimming in between the jello. And Lily told the captain of the submarine that the submarine needed to go between the octopus so the octopus could never capture the mermaids. But just as she said that, the octopus squirted out some jello and the mermaid got stuck. And so Lily told the captain that the captain should make the submarine go through the jello because that would break up the jello, and then the mermaid could get free. The captain listened and turned on the submarine engine, and the submarine went through the jello, and the mermaid got unstuck. The mermaid knocked on the submarine's door and asked the captain if she could go in. And she said she wouldn't get the whole submarine wet because the submarine could first go to the top of the water and then she'll go in. The captain said okay. So the submarine went to the top of the water, and then the submarine captain opened the hatch, which is a door on top of the submarine. And Lily and all of the kids got to walk out on top of the submarine, which was floating like a big boat on top of the water. And the mermaid said thank you to all the kids on the submarine and especially to Lily, since Lily was the first one to find it. And Lily said, how come this water is yellow? How did you guys even come to live here? And the Mermaid Princess said that there's a volcano under the water right next to where they live. And instead of having red lava, the volcano makes yellow lava. And the yellow color in the water comes from the yellow lava. And Lily said she had never heard of yellow lava before. And the Mermaid Princess told her that in yellow lava, that's a good way to get, like shiny jewelry and gems and stuff. Because if lava is just red, then when it cools down, it makes regular black rocks. But if lava is yellow, then when lava cools down, there is gems in it. Like there could be red shiny gems or different color shiny gems even see through ones like crystals, and it can make diamonds and stuff like that. And so that's what the Mermaid told Lily. Lily asked the Mermaid if she could get a special gem from the yellow lava at the bottom of the Yellow Sea. And the mermaid said, okay. And she dove back down into the water and she got a special rainbow colored gem. And she swam back up to the submarine. And all of the kids were clapping as the Mermaid Princess gave Lily the rainbow colored gem. And when Lily held the rainbow colored gem, she felt like she had a special power. And so Lily told the Mermaid, thank you so much for the rainbow colored gem. And all of the kids asked Lily, what's your special power now what's your special power? And Lily said, let's go back in the submarine. And then you'll see. So the captain of the submarine and Lily and all of Lily's friends went back in the submarine. And the captain closed the hatch, which is the door on top of the submarine. And the submarine went back under the Yellow Sea and started heading back to Boston. On the way back, all of the kids are saying, lily, show us the special power that the rainbow colored gem which comes from the yellow lava can do. And Lily said okay. And Lily held the gem tightly in her hand. And then she picked up her hand as high as it could go, and she made a fist and she said, Fish power. And just as Lily said Fish power, all of the seals and the whales and the shark and the octopuses and the fish, all of the fish in the ocean started to form a line and to follow the submarine. And it made the longest line of fish that had ever existed. And Lily went with the captain back to Boston. And when she got out of the submarine, she saw that the fish were still in a line. So she told the fished her hand. She squeezed the rainbow colored gem in her hand, and she lifted her hand up again and she said fish. You can go back home. I will see you another day. And the fish all started swimming back to their houses under the ocean. And Lily went back home with her family and lived happily ever after. The End I'm Leo and thanks for listening to makeup stops.