Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Palmer. Palmer was walking outside with his family when suddenly he saw some balloons floating in the air. There was a red balloon, a blue balloon, and a green balloon, and the strings were still attached to the balloons, but a kid must have let go of them because the balloons were flying in the air. Palmer pointed it out to Waverley, and Waverley told Palmer that it looked like they were headed to the mountains in the distance. Palmer said, "Let's watch." So Waverley and Palmer watched to see where the balloons that were flying in the sky would go.

The balloons headed over to one of the mountains that had snow on top. But then when the balloons got to the mountains, they did something silly. Instead of going up and instead of going down, the balloons suddenly started to get bigger. And the balloons got so big that the regular balloons were like the size of a hot air balloon. And as the balloons got bigger and bigger, you could see that there were pictures of dogs on the outside of the balloons.

So Palmer told his sister Waverley, and he also told his parents that they should go all the way to the mountain to investigate. And Palmer's parents said that that was a good idea. So Palmer and Waverley went in their car seats, and Palmer's parents drove them all the way to the mountain where the balloons landed.

When they got to the mountain, the balloons looked even bigger. But there was something different about the mountain. Now, the mountain didn't have any rocks on it, and the mountain didn't have any dirt on it. The mountain was now made of playdoh. For some strange reason, when those special balloons got to the mountain and they got bigger and bigger, and they got kind of the dog pictures on them, it made the mountain turn into a playdoh mountain.

At first, Palmer said, "Yay, that means we could have as much playdoh as we wanted." But then Waverly said, "Well, hold on a second here. What do you think makes these balloons do that?" And just as she said that, two dogs jumped out of two of the balloons. And the dogs both looked exactly like their dog, Hope's parents. One of them was Hope's dad, a different dog. And Hope's mom came out of the other hot air balloon, and they saw that Palmer and Waverley had Hope with them. And Hope was a good dog, and he didn't even know that those dogs were his parents. So Hope was so happy, and Palmer and Waverley knew that those other dogs looked so much like their dog Hope, that they had to be Hope's parents, and they were really so happy.

But when Hope's parents got really close to them, they started to turn like a little invisible. Like, first one of Hope's dad's legs disappeared, and then his other leg disappeared, and he got a little bit closer. But it was kind of strange. Suddenly when the dogs got so close to Palmer and Waverley, they reappeared, and they both had doggy treats with them. They brought those for Hope. The parent dogs started to talk to Hope and to tell Hope that he was a good dog. But they also said that they had important news.

They said that they were taking a special kind of helium balloon from a different planet where they lived now. And they flew through the sky to get to the mountain near Highlands Ranch, Colorado. And Waverley and Palmer said, "Well, why did you come here?" And Hope's parents, the dog said, "The important news that we have to tell you is that there was a witch that released a spell, and the spell is going to make gravity work backwards, and suddenly everyone is going to have to stand on their hands, and everyone in the world will be upside down."

Palmer asked, "What about cars? Because if cars are upside down, well, they can't drive on their roofs." But then Waverley told Palmer, "Well, maybe if the whole world were upside down and cars had to drive on the roofs, they could just put extra wheels on the roofs." And that was a good idea.

Palmer asked Hope's parents, the dogs that came out of the hot air balloon, which used to be the regular helium balloon, Palmer asked those doggies, "How do you know that the world is going to be upside down?" And the doggie said, "Soon you're going to hear a woof, and then it will be upside down." And just as he said that, there was a woof that came from the clouds, and suddenly all of the trees also turned into playdoh, and all of the trees went upside down.

And suddenly Palmer and Waverley went upside down and their parents, and it was easy for them to stand on their hands and to walk on their hands, but they realized their hands were getting a little dirty from the playdoh because they were by the playdoh Mountain and they were making big handprints in the playdoh since they were upside down. So Palmer and Waverley told their parents that if the world was going to stay upside down, they would need to get like gloves that were kind of like shoes for the feet because they would always be walking on their hands. And Palmer's parents said that is a good idea.

And just as Palmer's parents said that, just as they said that, the doggies made some gloves appear. And the gloves that appeared had pictures of their dog Hope on it. And Palmer and Waverley put on those gloves and they walked happily about upside down on their hands through the mountain made of playdoh.

When they got back to their car, they saw that it magically did have wheels on the roof. And they drove strapped into their car seats upside down in an upside-down car all the way home. As they were driving home, they saw that the clouds were kind of having a problem. When clouds are regular, they're kind of white in the sky or they're gray or a dark kind of color, and they might crash together and make some thunder. But what was happening was there was a big spider in the sky.

It was a big white spider, which was furry and actually a really nice spider that no kids would be afraid of because it was a spider that gave stickers and that kind of thing. Well, the spider was in the sky and the spider was taking different pieces of clouds and it was moving them apart. And Palmer and Waverley were kind of happy about that because they didn't want it to rain while the world was upside down, because then it would rain right on their feet and their pants would get wet. And that's when Palmer said they would have to invent an umbrella that goes on top of feet.

But it didn't matter because the spider that was moving the clouds away from Palmer and Waverly, he sent a sign to Hope's parents, the dogs that came out of the hot air balloon. And that sign meant it wouldn't rain anymore. And so Palmer and Waverley asked when the world would be regular again. And the dog said that it would be so very soon, but first there would be a pumpkin that would drop from the sky and a steamroller that would roll over it. And as soon as he said that a pumpkin dropped from the sky, it fell right on a bush and a steamroller came rolling through the sky until it got lower and lower, and it went right over the pumpkin.

And the pumpkin smashed everywhere and the ground turned into pumpkin, and suddenly the world was right side up again. And people's hands worked as hands and feet worked as feet. And Palmer and his dog Hope and his sister Waverly and his parents lived happily ever after. The end.