1. For the extraction task:

Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old girl whose name was Everly. Everly and her mama and daddy were taking a walk outside of their house. It was a rainy walk, and so Everly brought her rain boots, and she also brought her Paw Patrol umbrella. And her Paw Patrol umbrella had a picture of Chase and Sky and Zuma. And as they were going on the walk, Everly noticed something very interesting. It was a tunnel. And the tunnel was green. And Everly said, "Mom, Dad, look. I found a secret green tunnel." And Everleigh's mom and dad looked and they saw that there were some lights that were flashing next to the tunnel. And the lights were green and they were red and they were yellow and they were blue and they were pink. And when Everly said to her mom that there was the tunnel there, her mom and dad said, "Should we go in that magic tunnel to explore it?" And Everleigh said okay. So Everly closed her umbrella, and her mom and dad closed their umbrellas too, and they started to go through the magical green tunnel.

When they went through the magical green tunnel, they saw that there was a magic forest on the other side. The magic forest on the other side was really special. It was full of so many trees. And there were also some animals that were hopping about in the magic forest. One animal that was hopping about was a rabbit. And the rabbit, no, it was a rabbit, and it was dressed like a person. And another animal was a kangaroo, and the kangaroo was riding a bicycle. There were also so many nice doggies in the forest, but the doggies didn't have four legs. They had six legs. And two of the doggies' legs were on the doggie's head, so the doggie could even stand on his head. And there were also birds. But the birds in this magical forest didn't have regular wings. Instead, they had kites. And the birds would go flying on their kite rides through the magical forest. And there were so many ladybugs in the magical forest. And the ladybugs were colorful and had little dots, but the ladybugs could talk to kids. Grownups didn't understand what the ladybugs in the magic forest said, but kids could understand. And sometimes a ladybug said, "I want some orange juice." And sometimes a ladybug said, "I want some applesauce."

There were also some other really special animals that some grownups thought went extinct. And there were no more of them. But there really were. And do you know what an example of such an animal was, Bud? Dinosaurs. Yes, there were dinosaurs, but they weren't big dinosaurs in the magic forest. There were dinosaurs that were as little as ants. Wow. Yes. And there were worms in the magic forest that were as big as dinosaurs. The worms were the dinosaurs and the dinosaurs were the ants. Yeah. It was really silly. And as Everly and her parents were walking through the magic forest, they saw that there was a big magical tree. And the magical tree had two buttons on it. One of the buttons was a yellow button, and the other button was a red button. Everly decided that she would press one of the buttons. And can you guess what button on the tree Everleigh pressed? What? The yellow button. And when she pressed the yellow button, there were some oranges that grew on the tree. And the oranges started to mash and get so squeezed, and the tree automatically made orange juice. And the orange juice started spilling out of the tree. So Everleigh decided she would stop pressing the orange juice button because she did not want the whole magical forest to get flooded with orange juice or else the ladybugs would have to swim in too much orange juice.

So Everly decided she would press the red button on the magical tree. And Everleigh reached and she put her hand on the red button and she pressed it. And do you know what happened? Some apples grew on the tree. And the apples turned into applesauce, and the applesauce started pouring down the tree. And it was a good thing that Everly had her rain boots and also that she had her umbrella, because there was so much applesauce that was pouring out of the magical tree. Well, she decided to stop pressing the red button. But do you know what happened, bud? The button got stuck. And so much applesauce was coming out of the magical tree that it was too much. Because she was worried that the dinosaurs that were as little as ants would get flooded by the applesauce. And what if some of the rabbits that were dressed like people got their clothes too dirty and rabbits don't have washing machines? And what about the worms? They were as big as dinosaurs. But even still, they might not want to get dirty with applesauce all over them.

So Everly told her parents, "Help, help. The applesauce button is stuck and too much applesauce is coming out of the magic tree." And her parents said, "We don't know what to do." But suddenly Everly heard a good sound. And the sound was "Chase is on the case." And suddenly somebody from Paw Patrol named Chase, who is a doggie that had some superpowers, came flying through the magical forest and said, "Everly, I see the button is stuck. We have to get the button unstuck so that the applesauce stops pouring out of the tree." And Everly said, "Chase, we need your help. We need your help." And Chase said, "We are going to have to get help from someone else." And do you know who Chase called? Bud guess. Let me have a second to guess. Okay. He called Rubble and Rocky. Yeah. And Rubble and Rocky were the ones that Chase on the case called. And Rubble and Rocky said, "Yes, we can help." And they figured out that they needed to use a tool like a screwdriver or a wrench to get the red button unstuck. And then finally, when Chase and Rubble and Rocky were working together, they got the red button unstuck and no more applesauce came out. And all of the animals that lived in the forest like the rabbits that were dressed like people and the doggies which had legs on top of their hands and the birdies which were attached to kites, and the ladybugs which could talk to kids, and the dinosaurs, which were as little as ants and the worms which were as big as dinosaurs. They all helped clean up the applesauce mess from the tree.

Everleigh told her parents that because they cleaned up the mess from the applesauce, it was time for them to go home. But they couldn't find the magical tunnel that they went through. So how would they get home? Luckily, just as Everly asked her parents how they could find the tunnel, a fairy came, and the fairy was flying with special wings and had a fairy dress and was wearing a fairy crown and fairy slippers. And the fairy said, "Follow me." And the fairy helped show Everleigh and her parents where the magic tunnel was. And Everleigh and her parents went through the magic tunnel and went back to their house, and they lived happily ever after. The end.

2. For correction task:

The corrected text is as follows:

Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old girl named Everly. Everly and her parents were taking a walk outside their house. It was a rainy day, so Everly brought her rain boots and her Paw Patrol umbrella, which had pictures of Chase, Sky, and Zuma. As they walked, Everly noticed a green tunnel and said, "Mom, Dad, look. I found a secret green tunnel." Her parents saw flashing lights next to the tunnel and decided to explore it.

They went through the magical green tunnel and found a magic forest filled with trees and unusual animals. There were rabbits dressed like people, kangaroos riding bicycles, six-legged dogs, birds flying with kites instead of wings, talking ladybugs, tiny dinosaurs, and giant worms. Everly and her parents continued walking and found a magical tree with a yellow button and a red button.

Everly pressed the yellow button, causing oranges to grow on the tree and produce orange juice. She stopped pressing the button to avoid flooding the forest with orange juice. Then, she pressed the red button, and apples grew on the tree, turning into applesauce. The applesauce poured out, and Everly tried to stop pressing the button, but it got stuck.

Everly asked her parents for help, and suddenly, Chase from Paw Patrol appeared. Chase called for assistance from Rubble and Rocky, who used tools to unstick the red button. All the animals in the forest helped clean up the applesauce mess.

Everly decided it was time to go home, but they couldn't find the magical tunnel. A fairy appeared and showed them the way back. Everly and her parents went through the magic tunnel, returned home, and lived happily ever after. The end.