Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two boys named Oscar and Eli. Oscar and Eli were looking out their window, and they saw that it was raining. They asked their mom, "Can we please, please go on a rain hike?" Their mom said, "But you guys are going to get way too muddy and dirty." Oscar and Eli replied, "No, we're going to wear our boots." Oscar added, "And I'm going to splash in the puddles." Eli said, "Don't tell mom that." Oscar agreed, but it was too late. Their mom already knew they were really going to splash in some dirty, muddy puddles.

But it was okay, because that very day, guess what arrived in the mail? Rain pants! So Oscar put on his rain pants, and Eli put on his rain pants, and they put on their boots. The rain pants made sure they didn't get wet, even in the rain. Oscar and Eli went out for their rain hike, and they started to explore the woods a little bit far from their house, with their mom.

They were looking on the ground, and they saw a rock. The rock had a little bit of moss, which is a green stuff that grows on rocks. Just as they were looking at the moss, they found a magnifying glass. They picked it up and looked at the green moss with the magnifying glass. From behind the rock came an orange salamander. The salamander was a girl, and she said her name was Sally.

Sally the salamander looked a bit like a lizard. But this salamander had a big nose, like a person's nose, even though she was just a salamander. And she wore glasses. Oscar and Eli had never seen a salamander with a person nose and glasses. Sally the Salamander also wore a silly, silly clown hat.

Sally the salamander said, "Help! Help! Oscar and Eli, there's been an emergency." Oscar and Eli asked, "What happened?" Sally the Salamander said that she had a secret salamander house under the ground, but it got flooded. She needed to show them where her new house was going to be. Oscar and Eli asked their mom if they could follow Sally the Salamander to her new salamander house.

Sally the Salamander wasn't very fast because salamanders usually don't go so fast. They have four legs. Sally the Salamander walked along the ground just like a lizard. Eli was holding the magnifying glass, and Oscar was looking at Sally the Salamander when suddenly, guess what they saw? A lion.

A lion was laying down in the grass right beside the trees, and it was getting all wet from the rain. The lion was crying. The lion said, "Sally, Sally the Salamander, I need your help." Sally the Salamander told Oscar and Eli not to worry because the lion was a friendly lion, and it was just a friend. So Oscar and Eli held their mama's hand, and they started walking with Sally the Salamander to the lion. The lion was crying and said, "Sally, I need my blankie because I'm getting so wet."

The lion had a favorite blankie that it loved to use when it was tucked in for nighttime, but it didn't have that. It wanted to take a nap during the day, and it was getting so wet. The lion was so sad. Eli had an idea. He said that maybe because his mom packed an extra raincoat, they could just put the raincoat on top of the lion, and then the lion would not get wet. It would be like the lion's blanket. So Eli told his mom to get the raincoat, and they put the raincoat on top of the lion. The lion stopped crying.

The lion said, "My name is Liggy Lyon, and I can do some magic things." Oscar and Eli asked, "Like what? What kind of magic can you even do?" Liggy the lion said, "Well, lions can do a really good trick if they know how to do magic. The trick they can do is turn puddles of rain that are just made up of water into maple syrup." Oscar and Eli said, "Well, we don't really think you can do that." Liggy Lyon said, "Watch."

Liggy Lyon was wearing the raincoat, and he started to say, "Roar." But then after he said roar, Liggy lion said, "Hiccupoo. Hiccupoo." Just as he said hiccupoo, the puddle that Oscar was about to step in with his boots and get all muddy with turned into maple syrup. He stopped because maple syrup is kind of sticky and has sugar in it. So Oscar didn't want to splash in it.

But then a bear started coming. It was a big brown bear, and the bear said it wanted to eat the maple syrup because it was too yummy. Sally the salamander said, "Don't worry, Oscar and Eli, because the bear is not a mean bear. And we have a lion on our side, and Liggy lion is stronger than a bear." But the bear started coming over, and when it saw the maple syrup, the bear said, "Yummy."

The bear's mama was behind him and said, "Little baby bear, you have to stop eating the maple syrup from the ground because you need to get your flu shot." There was a doctor bear, and the doctor bear was coming out of the woods. He was holding a big needle, and the little bear was scared of the needle.

The mama bear said, "Don't be scared, little bear, because it's just a needle. You can have maple syrup after you get your shot." The needle was so tiny for the bear. But the bear was still scared because getting shots isn't much fun, and it can hurt.

Sally the salamander had an idea, and she whispered her idea to Oscar and Eli. The idea was there was a magic bead on the ground. She said, "How about, Oscar and Eli, you put the magic bead on top of the shot that the doctor bear has. Then if the doctor bear gives the shot to the baby bear, it won't hurt because it'll just have a magic bead." That's what Eli and Oscar did.

Eli walked right up to the big doctor bear, who was wearing a doctor coat and some doctor tools like a stethoscope, and put the magic bead on the shot. The baby bear wasn't afraid of the shot anymore. The doctor bear gave the baby bear a shot, and it didn't hurt. Do you know what it felt like? It felt like tickling.

From then on, Oscar and Eli said, "We want magic beads in the future if we get shots." They decided to start collecting magic beads. Whenever kids would get shots, they would just get to hold on to magic beads. If kids held onto these magic beads, which could be green, blue, or red, then the shot wouldn't hurt.

They had that idea. It stopped raining, and they saw the sun setting. Oscar and Eli's mama said it was time for them to go home. That evening, do you know what they had for dinner? Pancakes with maple syrup, which is usually a breakfast food, not a dinner food. They got the maple syrup from the puddles, and it was clean.

Oscar and Eli had a yummy pancake dinner that night, and they lived happily ever after. The end.