Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two boys named Oscar and Eli. Oscar and Eli were looking out their window, and they saw that it was raining. And Oscar and Eli asked their mom, "Can we please, please go on a rain hike?" And their mom said, "But you guys are going to get way too muddy and dirty." And Oscar and Eli said, "No, we're going to wear our boots." And Oscar said, "And I'm going to splash in the puddles." And Eli said, "Don't tell mom that." And then Oscar said, "Okay," but it was too late. Oscar and Eli's mom already knew that they were really going to splash in some dirty, muddy puddles.

But it was okay, because in the mail that very day, do you know what arrived? Rain pants. So Oscar put on his rain pants, and Eli put on his rain pants, and they put on their boots, and the rain pants make sure you don't get wet, even if it's rainy. And so Oscar and Eli went out for their rain hike, and they started to go in the woods that was a little bit far from their house, and they brought along their mom.

They were looking on the ground, and they saw a rock. And the rock had a little bit of moss, which is kind of green stuff that grows on the rock. And just as they were looking at the moss, they found a magnifying glass. And they picked up the magnifying glass, and they looked at the green moss with a nice magnifying glass. And from behind the rock came an orange salamander. And the orange salamander was a girl, and she said her name was Sally.

And Sally the salamander looked a little bit like a lizard. But this salamander had a big nose, like a person's nose, even though it was just a salamander. And she wore glasses. And Oscar and Eli had never seen a salamander with a person nose and that wore glasses. And the Salamander named Sally also wore a silly, silly clown hat.

And Sally, the salamander said, "Help. Help. Oscar and Eli, there's been an emergency." And Oscar and Eli said, "What happened?" And Sally the Salamander said that she had a secret salamander house under the ground, but that it got flooded, so she needed to show them where her new house was going to be. And Oscar and Eli asked their mom if they could follow Sally the Salamander to her new salamander house.

Well, Sally the Salamander was not very fast because salamanders usually don't go so fast. They have four legs. And Sally the Salamander was walking along the ground just like a lizard, and Eli was holding the magnifying glass, and Oscar was looking at Sally the Salamander when suddenly do you know what they saw? A lion.

A lion was laying down in the grass right beside the trees, and it was getting all wet by the rain, and the lion was crying. The lion was saying, "Sally, Sally the Salamander, I need your help." And Sally the Salamander told Oscar and Eli not to worry because the lion was a friendly lion, and it was just a friend. So Oscar and Eli held their mama's hand, and they started walking with Sally the Salamander to the lion, and the lion was crying. And it said, "Sally, I need my blankie because I'm getting so wet."

And the lion had a favorite blankie that it loved to use when it was tucked in for nighttime, but it didn't have that, and it wanted to take a nap during the day, and it was getting so wet, and so the lion was so sad. Well, Eli had an idea. Eli said that maybe because Eli's mom packed an extra raincoat, they could just put the raincoat on top of the lion, and then the lion would not get wet, and it would be like the lion's blanket. So Eli told his mom to get the raincoat, and they put the raincoat on top of the lion. And the lion stopped crying.

And the lion said, "My name is Liggy Lyon, and I can do some magic things." And Oscar and Eli said, "Like what? What kind of magic can you even do?" And Liggy the lion said, "Well, lions can do a really good trick if they know how to do magic. And the trick that they could do is they could turn puddles of rain that are just made up of water into maple syrup." And Oscar and Eli said, "Well, we don't really think you can do that." And so Liggy Lyon said, "Watch."

And Liggy Lyon was wearing the raincoat, and he started to say, "Roar." But then after he said roar, Liggy lion said, "Hiccupoo. Hiccupoo." And just as he said hiccupoo, the puddle that Oscar was about to step in with his boots and get all muddy with turned into maple syrup. And he stopped doing because maple syrup is kind of sticky and it has, like, sugar in it. So Oscar didn't want to splash in it.

But then a bear started coming. It was a big brown bear, and the bear said that he wanted to eat the maple syrup because the maple syrup was too yummy. And Sally the salamander said, "Don't worry Oscar and Eli, because the bear is not a mean bear. And also we have a lion on our side, and Liggy lion is stronger than a bear." But the bear started trumping over, and when he saw the maple syrup, the bear said, "Yummy."

But the bear's mama was behind him and said, "Little baby bear, you have to stop eating the maple syrup from the ground because you need to get your flu shot." And there was a doctor bear, and the doctor bear was coming out of the woods, and he was holding a big needle, and the little bear was scared of the needle.

Well, the mama bear said, "Don't be scared, little bear, because it's just a needle. And you could have maple syrup after you get your shot." And the bear and it was so tiny for the bear. But the bear was still scared because it's not so much fun, really, to get shots. It could hurt.

But the salamander named Sally had an idea, and she whispered her idea to Oscar and Eli. The idea was there was a magic bead, and the magic bead was on the ground. And she said, "How about, Oscar and Eli, you put the bead that's magic on top of the shot that the doctor bear has. And then if the doctor bear gives the shot to the baby bear, it won't hurt because it'll just have a magic bead." And so that's what Eli and Oscar did.

Eli walked right up to the big doctor bear, who was wearing a doctor coat and some doctor tools and instruments like a stethoscope, and put the magic bead on the shot. And then the baby bear wasn't afraid of the shot anymore. And the doctor bear gave the baby bear a shot, and it didn't hurt. Do you know what it felt like? It felt like something tickling.

And from then on, Oscar and Eli said, "Well, we want magic beads in the future if we get shots." And then they decided that they would start collecting magic beads. And whenever kids would get shots, they would just get to hold on to magic beads. And if kids hold on to these magic beads, which could be green or blue or red, then the shot won't hurt.

And so they had that idea. Well, it was stopping to rain, and they saw that the sun was setting. So Oscar and Eli's mama said it was time for them to go home. And that evening, do you know what they had for dinner? Pancakes with maple syrup, which is usually a breakfast food, not a dinner food. Because they got the maple syrup from the puddles, and it was clean.

And so Oscar and Eli had a yummy pancake dinner that night and they lived happily ever after. The end.