Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a listener who lives in San Francisco, California, whose name is Nikki. And Nikki asked for us to make up a story that includes flying kitty cats, meteor, and rocket ship. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Nick. Nick lived in a house on the beach. And the beach that he lived on was made of sugar instead of sand. And instead of having seashells on the beach, there were little pieces of candy all over it. And Nikki used to bring his shovels to dig in the sand and to see what was there because the sand was really just sugar. Well, one day, Nick brought a shovel and he started digging through the sand, which was really sugar. And he was digging and digging and digging until he dug. So far, he found a rocket ship under the beach. And his dad helped him pull the rocket ship out from under the sugar sand. And with a rope, they got it up to the top, on top of the sugar beach. When it got to the top, they saw that it was a rocket that was made out of playdoh. And the Playdoh rocket looks like it was big enough to go to outer space, but it was not sturdy enough. So Nikki asked for some of his friends to help make it sturdier. And Nikki's friends came to help him. And one of his friends named Jonah had an idea to put titanium on the outside of the playdoh to make it stronger. Titanium is a kind of metal that is very strong and can stay solid even when the temperature is very hot outside. And so Jonah and Nikki and all of their friends, including Max, put titanium around the Playdoh rocket ship until it was ready to blast off. On the bottom of the rocket ship, there was an upside down birthday candle. And it was the kind of birthday candle that made little sparks and stuff when you lit it with a candle. And so when you put a fire on the wick. And so Nikki and Jonah and Max and Sam and Jesse and all of their friends went in the Playdoh rocket ship and their parents went with them for safety. And one of them used a special lighter to light the bottom of the birthday candle playdoh rocket ship. And they said, three, two, one, blast off. And the candle started to twinkle and make sparks. And one of the kids that was in the rocket ship said, I thought we needed to start by counting down to ten because the rocket ship didn't go when they just started from three. And so they tried again and they said, ten, 987-65-4321, blast off. And this time, the birthday candles on the bottom of the Playdoh rocket ship worked and they blasted off to outer space. They could see the sugar beach beneath them and all of the candy that was on it. But soon they got so high on top of clouds that were made of cotton candy, and they got all the way to outer space. When they were in outer space, they saw that there was a meteor. And the meteor was made of gold, and it was full of treasures, and it was shaped like a big bus. It was made of gold. It was shaped like a big bus, and it had lots of jewels and colors and sparkly, shiny things on it. And nick said that they should steer the rocket ship to that meteor, and they steered it that way, and they landed the rocket ship on the meteor. And inside the meteor, they saw it was a kitty cat meteor. There were cats that were all over the meteor. And inside the meteor, if you opened up the door to the meteor, there were kitty cats that were inside the meteor. And these kitty cats had wings on them, and they could fly. And in space, it's very easy to float. And so the kitty cats were able to float in space and to fly all over. And so Nikki told his friends that they should capture one of the flying kitty cats and they should put them in the plato rocket ship and bring it back to earth so all of their friends could know about it. And Jonah said that that was a good idea. And Max grabbed a flying kitty cat and he put it in the playdoh rocket ship. And Nikki and Jonah told max to be a little more gentle. And the kitty cat was in the flying the flying kitty cat was in the playdoh rocket ship, and it started heading back to earth. But as it was going to earth, some aliens flew by. And the aliens were very silly because the aliens looked a little bit like basketballs or tennis balls or soccer balls. They were round, just like a ball, and they had eyes on the top and the bottom and the backwards and the forwards and all over. It was like one giant set of eyes. And the alien's eyes were able to come out of its head and go slurp de bloop. And when they went Slurpty boop, the eye came out just like a tongue. And the eye came right up to their playdoh rocket ship and it looked inside. And Nikki said, is that an alien? And jonas said, I don't think people or animals have that many eyes because this alien had eyes all over and the eye could move like a tongue. And just as Nikki said that and Jonah said that, the alien eye looked inside and it saw the flying kitty cats. And the alien started talking through its eye. Whenever the eye opened, it had a tongue inside its eye and teeth, and it was able to talk. And the alien said, and it said that. And the kitty cat, which could fly, responded and said Basika. And just as the kitty cat said that, the alien said Wahambala. And that meant, according to the flying kitty cat, that the alien had never seen a flying kitty cat before. And the alien wanted to take the flying kitty cat with him. But Nikki had an idea. Nikki told the alien that there was some extra sugar in the Playdoh rocket ship because it came from Sugar Beach. And Nikki got some sugar from the rocket ship and put it outside of the rocket ship and gave it to the alien. And the alien had some sugar and then it felt better and it decided to be nice and not take the flying kitty cat. So Jonah and Nikki and Max flew the rocket ship all the way back down to Earth with the flying kitty cat. And they landed very safely with a parachute going gently down on a boat. When they got to the boat, the captain of the boat said, well, what do you guys have here? And Nikki told them that he found the first flying kitty cat and it was on a meteor in outer space. And the captain of the boat said, I don't believe you. And Nikki got the kitty cat out of the Playdoh rocket ship. And then the captain of the ship had to believe him. So the captain of the ship told Nikki that he was going to call up the president and the king of the world and all of the queens and princes and everyone in the whole world, including TV people, including soccer players and athletes and all the cartoon characters that everyone knows. And he's going to tell everyone in the world that Nikki found the first flying kitty cat. And Nikki said okay. So the captain of the ship pressed the green button. The green button is a button on ships that captains can press if they need to tell everyone in the world something. And just as he said that, Nikki saw that his dad's phone was starting to ring a lot. And his dad picked up the phone and it was somebody important calling for Nikki. And this important person was Chase from Paw Patrol. And Chase from Paw Patrol told Nikki that he was so happy that Nikki had a kitty cat and Chase's a dog from Paw Patrol and that he really wanted for Nick to watch Paw Patrol again. And Nikki said, well, maybe. And his dad has said, that's too bad. And that night Nikki got to watch Paw Patrol and he kept the flying kitty cat in his house and they kept the Playdoh rocket ship for future adventures. And they lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends? Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.