Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Mika. Mika lived in a house in Harbor City, California, and one day as she opened the door to her house, she saw that there was a bluebird that was carrying a letter. There was a string attached to the letter and the bluebird was using his birdie feet to hold onto the string. And when the bluebird got right to Mika's house, it dropped the letter in Mika's hand. And Mika picked up the letter and the string that was attached to it and she brought it inside her house. She saw that there was an M on it, on the letter, and that it was for her because her name was Mika, which starts with an M. And Mika asked her parents to get some scissors so that she could open up the envelope and see what was inside of the letter that the bird delivered. And Mika's mom got some scissors and she opened up the letter and Mika saw that inside there was a furry white ticket and the furry white ticket said Ticket to the North Pole. And Mika saw that the bird delivered a ticket for Mika and her family to go all the way to the North Pole. Mika showed her mom the white furry ticket and Mika's mom said, woohoo, now we get to go to the North Pole. And Mika and her parents packed their suitcases and the next day they went to the shore and they saw that there was a big boat that was waiting for them. And the boat was made out of ice. It even had big sails on the boat. And the sails of the boat were also made of ice. And the boat looked like it would be so good to go through the North Pole because for sure it wouldn't melt there. And the boat also had a really strong motor on it and the really strong motor, they took a race car to use the race car motor to make the ice boat go. And the boat was so strong, it even had airplane wings on it so that if there was a big part of ice that the boat couldn't go through, it could just fly over it. And Mika saw that there were some penguins that lived in the ice boat. And the captain of the ice boat came off and he said, does anyone have a furry white ticket? And Mika showed that she had a furry white ticket. And the captain said, okay, all aboard. And Mika and her family went aboard the ice ship. The captain honked the horn, he pulled up the deck and then off they went sailing away from California heading north past Alaska on their way to the North Pole. Two days later, Mika and her family were getting really close to the North Pole. Mika could see that it was snowing so much outside and that there were big pieces of ice that were way bigger even than a kiddie pool that were floating in the ocean. And Mika saw that next to their boat there was a giant whale. And the whale looked like a kind of North Pole whale. The whale was as big as a regular whale but it had fur on the outside to keep it warm. And the whale also had a big horn that grew where the whale's nose should have been and it looked like a giant whale with a big horn in front. And the whale was called a narwhal. And the narwhal came up to the iceboat that Mika and her family were on and the whale peeked out its big whale horn out of the water and it opened its mouth and it said, welcome to the North Pole. And Mika told the whale she never heard of a talking whale. And the narwhal told Mika that no animals could talk English. Only people, and only narwhals. And most people don't know that narwhals could talk English because they live in the North Pole so most people never get to see them. And there's not a lot of videos of them talking English that you could find on phones. But the narwhal told Mika that all narwhals all whales with these big horns that live in the North Pole could really talk. So Mika got her parents and the captain of the boat and all of them started to see that Mika was telling the truth. And the narwhal told Mika that its horn was a special horn because most whales and most fish don't have any horns. But the narwhal told Mika that narwhals can use their horns to be magic wands. And whatever a narwhal wants to make true and whatever kind of magic it wants to happen, it is able to do it. But it also needs to know the magic words. And Mika said to the narwhal, well, what kind of magic can you do? And the narwhal told Mika, Mika, what is your favorite favorite thing to put on noodles? And Mika said, how about tomato sauce? And then narwhal said, bliggity Blaggity bloggedy Blue, I wish to make the ocean tomato sauce. Hoohoo. And just as he said those magic words the whole ocean next to the North Pole started to be tomato sauce. And all of the ice that was floating in the ocean was now floating in a big ocean full of tomato sauce. And all of the polar bears that were in North Pole were like, yummy. And they started to eat some of the tomato sauce that was touching the icebergs. And Mika's iceboat was floating in the tomato sauce ocean. And the narwhal said, See, Mika, I told you that my horn could really do some real magic. And Mika said, that was pretty amazing. And the narwhal said, Mika, is there anything else that you really want? And Mika said, well, can you make the ice in the North Pole turn into maybe a kind of gem or ruby or something? And the narwhal said, yes, I can. And Mika said, how do you do it? And the narwhal said, I say avra kedavra. And suddenly, all of the ice in the North Pole turned into giant rubies that were able to shine so brightly in the North Pole's sunlight. And the rubies were floating in the tomato sauce ocean, and all of the penguins were walking around the ruby icebergs and taking sips of the tomato sauce in the ocean. And sometimes fish would jump out. And the polar bears didn't want to eat any fish anymore because now they just got to eat tomato sauce. So the fish and the polar bears became friends, and everyone in the North Pole lived happily ever after. The end.