Once upon a time, long ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse were playing in a playground with their parents. First, they used the slide and went down it. After they went down the slide, Jesse asked Jonah to push him on the swing. Jonah gave Jesse a big push, and Jesse said, "Higher, higher!" Jonah gave his strongest push ever, and he pushed so hard that Jesse went extremely high on the swing.

But, Jesse wasn't holding onto the chains on the side of the swing tightly enough, and he flew off the swing, landing right in the sandbox. When Jesse landed in the sandbox, he got a little boo-boo and started to cry a bit. Jonah went over to Jesse to see if he was okay. When Jonah approached Jesse, he saw that Jesse wasn't bleeding at all. Jesse was rubbing his feet back and forth because his foot felt sore. As he was rubbing his foot in the sand, he discovered an old lantern in the sand.

Jonah said, "Look at what you found, Jesse!" Jesse looked at the lantern and saw that it was a golden lantern. Jonah said, "Jesse, let's pick it up." Jesse picked up the lantern, and as he did, a genie came out of it. The genie was big and blue, appearing in a big puff of smoke. As the genie appeared, the sound of music filled the playground. The music played louder and louder, and suddenly everyone else in the world disappeared. The genie grew as tall as a tree and said, "You have awoken me from my slumber, and now I must grant you three wishes. What are your wishes?"

Jesse, still hurt from falling off the swing into the sandbox, said his first wish was that he wouldn't have any more boo-boos ever. The genie made glitter fall from the sky, covering the sandbox. The sand in the sandbox turned into glitter, and the genie said, "Jesse, from now on, you can't feel any boo-boos." Jonah asked Jesse if he could test it out, and Jesse agreed. Jonah whacked Jesse in the tummy and asked if it hurt. Jesse replied, "No, it didn't even hurt." Jesse told Jonah to try again, so Jonah suggested pushing Jesse off the swing again. Jesse pushed Jonah on the swing higher and higher, and when he fell, he landed in the glitter sandbox without any pain.

Jonah's first wish was to become a genie. He asked the genie, "I want my first wish to be that I can become a genie." The genie obliged, saying, "Hufflepuff, waffle, puff, gadufflepuff, your wish is my command." Suddenly, Jonah grew bigger, his tummy turned blue, and his belly button exploded. Jonah became a genie.

Jesse had to decide on his second wish, and he wished to become a superhero. As he made his wish, a cape started to grow on his shirt. No one could hurt him because of his first power, and now that he was a superhero, Jesse was also very strong. He could pick up trees, fly by flapping his arms, create strong winds by blowing out of his mouth, and shoot lasers from his eyes.

Just as Jonah was about to ask for his second wish, a big rope fell from the sky. Alien sloths crawled down the rope. These sloths moved quickly and had slimy exteriors. The sloth told the genie that he wasn't supposed to be in the sandbox and the lantern and had to return to outer space. The sloth saw that Jonah was also a big blue genie and said he had to go back to outer space as well.

Jonah didn't want to go to outer space, fearing he would lose his family, friends, school, and camp. He asked Jesse for help. Jonah tried to command the sloth to go away, but genie powers didn't work on things from outer space. Jesse, as a superhero, said "Kabam!" and knocked the sloth over. The sloth rolled in the glittery sandbox and became covered in sparkles. Jesse jumped up, causing an earthquake that made the sloth bounce back into outer space.

The genie warned Jonah that the sloth would return and force him back to outer space. Jesse remembered he had one more wish and wished for Jonah not to be a genie anymore. Jonah agreed, knowing it was the right decision. The genie granted the wish, turning Jonah back into a regular person. Jonah asked if he still had two wishes left, and the genie told him to look up at the sun. The sun was turning into a big light bulb.

The genie said, "When that light bulb turns off, your last two wishes will be saved up until you're a grown-up. One day, when you're a grown-up, you'll look up at the sun and see it's a big light bulb. When that day comes, I will return and give you your last two wishes again." Jonah and Jesse agreed, and they lived happily ever after. The end.