Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Charlie. Go to Makeup stories.com if you want to be on the podcast. Tonight's Makeup Story is is a request from my two kids, Jonah and Jesse. And Jesse asked for there to be a rope in the story that pulls you up to outer space. And Jonah wants there to be a light bulb in the story. Once upon a time, long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse were playing in a playground with their parents. And first they used the slide, and they went down the slide. And after they went down the slide, jesse asked Jonah to push him on the swing. And Jonah gave Jesse a big push. And Jesse said, higher, higher. And Jonah gave his strongest push ever. And he pushed so hard. Jesse went so high on the swing. But Jesse wasn't holding onto the chains on the side of the swing strong enough, tightly enough. And Jesse flew off of the swing, and he landed right in the sandbox. When Jesse landed in the sandbox, he kind of got a little bit of a boo boo, and he started to cry a little bit. So Jonah went over to Jesse to see if he was okay. And when Jonah went over to Jesse to see if he was okay, he saw that Jesse wasn't bleeding at all. And Jesse was kind of like rubbing his feet back and forth because his foot felt kind of sore. And as he was rubbing his foot in the sand, he saw that there was an old lantern in the sand. And Jonah said, look at what you found, Jesse. And Jesse looked at the lantern, and he saw that it was a golden lantern. And Jonas said, Jesse, let's just pick it up. And Jesse picked up the lantern. And as he picked up the lantern, he saw that there was a genie that came out of the lantern. The genie was big and blue, and it appeared in a big puff of smoke. And as the genie appeared, there was the sound of music all over the playground. And the music was playing louder and louder. And suddenly everyone else in the world disappeared. And the genie got really big, almost as tall as a tree. And he said, you have awoken me from my slumber, and now I must grant you three wishes. What are your wishes? And Jesse was still hurt from falling down from the swing into the sandbox. So Jesse said his first wish is that he doesn't want to have any more boo boos ever. And the genie made some glitter fall down from all over the space where he was. And glitter fell all over the sandbox. And the sand in the sandbox turned into glitter. And he said, Jesse, from now on, you can't feel any boo boos. And Jonah said, Jesse, is it okay if I test this out? And Jesse said okay. And then Jonah whacked Jesse right in the tummy. And he said, did it hurt? And Jesse said, no, it didn't even hurt. And Jesse said, try again. And then Jonah said, oh, I have an idea. How about we push you off the swing again? And Jesse pushed Jonah on the swing higher and higher and higher, and he fell down. And this time he fell in the glitter sandbox, and it didn't hurt at all. Well, Jesse knew. Yeah, jonah, jonah's first wish, his first wish, it's kind of small because not exactly his first wish was to become a genie. And Jonah asked the genie, he said, I want my first wish to be that I can become a genie. And the genie told Jonah, hufflepuff, waffle, puff, gadufflepuff, your wish is my command. And suddenly Jonah got bigger, and his tummy turned blue and his belly button exploded. And Jonah became a genie. And Jesse said, well, what's my second wish going to be? And Jesse had to really decide what his second wish was going to be. And Jesse, do you know what you wished for me to become? A superhero. Jesse wished to become a superhero. And just as he wished to become a superhero, a cape started to grow on his shirt. And there was no way anybody could hurt him because of his first power. And now that he was a superhero, jesse was also so strong. He could pick up trees, and he was able to fly by just flapping his arms. And Jesse, if he wanted to make somebody go away, like a bad guy or something, he could just blow out with his mouth, and such a strong wind would come, it would be like a tornado. And Jesse was also able, if he looked at something with his eyes, he could make lasers come out of his eyes, and he could make holes go through bad guys. And Jesse was so strong. And just as Jonah was ready to ask for his second wish, there was a big rope that fell down from the sky. And down the rope there crawled some alien sloths. A sloth is a kind of animal that moves very slowly and likes to hang from, like, branches and trees. But these sloths moved really quickly, and they looked a little bit like the outside of them was kind of slimy, like a slug. And the sloth said to the genie, genie, you were not even supposed to be in that sandbox and that lantern to begin with. You have to go back to outer space. And the genie said, but I wanted to stay here. And the sloth looked at Jonah and saw that Jonah was also a big blue genie and said, and you have to go back to outer space also. And Jonah didn't want to go to outer space because then what about his family and his friends and his school and his camp and all of the fun things that he got to do on our planet. And he said, Jesse, I need your help. And first, Jesse didn't know what to do. And so Jonah was a genie. And so he said, I'm a genie, and I command you to go away, Mr. Sloth. And the sloth didn't listen because genie powers don't work on things that come from outer space. And so Jonah didn't know what to do. But luckily, his younger brother Jesse was a superhero. So he said, Jesse, can you please help me? And Jesse looked at the sloth and he said, Kabam. And just as Jesse said, kabam. The sloth fell over backwards and it started rolling just like a beach ball. And it rolled so much in the glitter in the sandbox that the sloth got full of shiny, sparkly glitter. And Jesse wasn't done yet. Jesse jumped up, and because he was so strong, he jumped so high that when he fell back down when he jumped back down to the Earth, there was an earthquake. Jesse was so strong and the earthquake made the sloth bounce back up into outer space. And so Jesse saved Jonah, the genie, and the other genie that was there. But the genie told Jonah that the sloth would be back before long because that wasn't the only sloth in outer space. And the sloth would make Jonah the genie go back to outer space. And so Jesse told the genie, but I have one more wish, right? And the genie said, yes, you have one last wish. And Jesse said, I wish that my brother Jonah won't be a genie anymore because if he stays a genie, then he'll have to go back to outer space, and I'll miss him too much. And Jonah knew that Jesse made the right decision. Even though it was fun for him to be a genie he didn't want to have to get trapped in outer space and never be able to have fun again. And so the genie said, Your wish is my command. And he turned Jonah back into a regular person. And then Jesse had no wishes left. And Jonah was like, but do I have two wishes left? And the genie said, look up at the sun. And Jonah looked up at the sun and he saw that the sun was turning into a big light bulb. And the genie said, when that light bulb turns off, your last two wishes are going to be saved up until when you're a grown up. And then one day when you're a grown up, you're going to look up at the sun and you're going to see that it's a big light bulb. And when that day comes, I will return and give you your last two wishes again. And Jonah and Jesse said, okay. And Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end. Thank you for listening to Makeup stories. My name is Ella D. Go to makeupstory.com to join a club. Tell your friends.