Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a land filled with butterflies. This land was where all the butterflies came from. It was an island in the middle of the ocean, with hidden underground rooms. Butterflies flew all over the island. There were regular butterflies like we see today, but there were also giant butterflies that could carry passengers. These giant butterflies could take different animals across the planet because they could fly so high. When a giant butterfly flapped its wing, it was so big, it could make a cloud move.

Everyone forgot about this island in the middle of the sea because it was too hard for boats and planes to find it. But one day, one of the giant butterflies left the island and started to fly over the secret ocean that connects to the Pacific Ocean. As it flew over the Pacific Ocean, it flapped its wings and made big waves. These waves woke up some pirates, who decided to go on an adventure. Many of the pirates were made of Lego, but there were also real pirates and pirates made of Play-Doh and Silly Putty.

All of the pirates followed the giant butterfly to the North Pole. When the butterfly reached the North Pole, it found a big castle made of snow and ice. Inside the castle lived a princess named Princess Ellie. Princess Ellie had paintings of butterflies in her home and knew a lot about things that could fly. But she had never seen butterflies this big, nor had she ever thought that Lego pirates could be real, or that there could be pirates made of Silly Putty or Play-Doh.

When Ellie looked out of her snow castle window, the giant butterfly told her it had brought a treasure: a magic mirror. The butterfly said the pirates were nice and had treasure boxes full of sugar, cereal, and candy. These pirates delivered the candy treasure to kids all around the world. Princess Ellie told them to leave the candy treasure boxes at the gate of the Snow Palace. The guards tasted some of the sugary treats and agreed it was yummy candy.

Princess Ellie asked the giant butterfly to show her the magic mirror. The butterfly took out a big mirror that was hidden under one of its wings. When Princess Ellie looked at the giant mirror, it sparkled and twinkled like a diamond mirror. She thanked the butterfly for the magic mirror, and one of the guards handed it to her.

Princess Ellie looked into the magic mirror and said, "I want to go to outer space." The mirror changed colors and showed a picture of a giant fan. Ellie looked at her Snow Castle and saw a giant fan at the bottom, strong enough to power a tornado or even make the castle become a rocket ship and blast off into outer space.

Ellie told the butterfly the mirror really worked. She decided to go to outer space with her father, the king, her mother, the queen, the guards, the butterflies, and even the Lego, Silly Putty, and Play-Doh pirates. They all went into the secret tunnel that led inside the Snow Castle. Inside, they found waterfalls with colored water and chandeliers and lights made of ice. They loved playing inside Princess Ellie's castle because they could slip and slide.

Suddenly, Princess Ellie counted down: "Three, two, one, blast off!" They all blasted off in the Snow Castle, now a rocket ship, and went past the moon into outer space. They saw stars far away, some as tiny as flashlights, others like twinkling fireflies, and still others like little moons or suns in distant places.

Princess Ellie decided to go fishing for stars. She looked in the magic mirror, which seemed to have eyes. She said, "I want to go fishing for stars." The mirror said, "Abraham," and the rocket ship snow castle grew fishing rods made of a glassy, icy substance. The rods had spider web strings that were infinitely long. Princess Ellie pressed some buttons, and the magic fishing rods caught many stars with their snow castle rocket ship.

Princess Ellie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.