Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a land that had so many butterflies. It was the land where all the butterflies came from. And it was in the middle of the ocean, an island that had hidden underground rooms. And the butterflies used to fly all over the island. And there were some regular butterflies like we could see today. But there were also humongous butterflies that were able to have passengers. And they were kind of giant butterflies that could take different kinds of animals across the planet because the butterflies could fly so high. And when a butterfly flapped its wing, it was so big, it could make a cloud move.

Well, everybody forgot about that place in an island in the middle of the sea because it was too hard for boats and for planes to spot it. But one day, one of the giant butterflies escaped its island, and the butterfly started to fly over the secret ocean that connects to the Pacific Ocean. And when it got over the Pacific Ocean, it started flapping its wings and making big waves. And the waves kind of woke up some pirates, and the pirates decided to go sail for adventure. A lot of the pirates that were sailing were made of Lego, but there were also some real pirates and pirates made of Plato and Silly Putty.

All of the pirates were going where the big giant butterfly was headed, which was the North Pole. When the butterfly got to the North Pole, it saw that there was a big castle that was made of snow and ice. And in the castle, there was a princess whose name was Princess Ellie. And Princess Ellie had paintings in her house of her butterflies. And she also knew a lot about different kinds of things that could fly. But Princess Ellie never saw butterflies that were this big. And she never thought that Lego pirates could be real. And she also never saw pirates that were made of Silly Putty or Plato.

And so when Ellie looked out of her snow castle window, the big butterfly told Ellie that it came with a treasure. And the treasure was a magic mirror. And the big butterfly said that these were nice pirates. And the pirates had treasure boxes full of sugar and cereal and candy. And these pirates delivered the candy treasure to kids across the globe. And Princess Ellie said that they could leave the candy treasure boxes at the gate of the Snow Palace. And the guards looked at all of the candy boxes and said it was real yummy candy because the guards got to taste some of the sugary treats.

And Princess Ellie told the big butterfly that she would like to see the magic mirror. So the big butterfly took a big, big mirror that was hidden under one of his butterfly wings and he pulled it out. And when Princess Ellie looked at the big giant mirror, the mirror started to glitter and it looked kind of twinkly, almost like a diamond mirror. And Princess Ellie told the butterfly, thank you for giving me this magic mirror. And one of the guards to the Snow Palace picked up the magic mirror and gave it to Princess Ellie.

And Princess Ellie picked up the magic mirror and she looked in the magic mirror and she said, I want to go to outer space. And the mirror started to look a little bit more like a telephone screen and it changed colors and it had a picture of a giant fan. And then Ellie looked at the Snow Castle where she lived, and she saw that at the bottom of the Snow Castle, there was a big, giant, giant fan that looked like it could be the kind of fan that was strong enough to power a tornado or even make a castle, become a rocket ship, and blast off into outer space.

And so Ellie said to the butterfly that the mirror really worked. And she decided that she would go with her father, who was the king of the castle and with her mother, who was the queen and also let the guards and the butterflies and even the Lego and Silly Putty and Play-Doh pirates go into her castle rocket ship and blast off into outer space. And so they all went into the secret tunnel that led to inside the Snow Castle. And when they got inside, they saw that there were waterfalls which had food coloring in them and the waterfalls would have blue water come down. And they also saw that there were chandeliers and lights that were made out of ice. And they loved playing inside because you could do slip and slide inside of Princess Ellie's castle.

And suddenly Princess Ellie counted down and she said, three, two, one, blast off. And Princess Ellie blasted off in her Snow Castle with the magic butterfly and with the pirates and with her parents and with the guard. And soon they went past the moon and it got dark in outer space and they could see stars that were far away. And Princess Ellie looked through the windows of her special snow castle, which was now a rocket ship. And as she looked through the windows, she could see that there were some stars which were so little that they looked like little teensy flashlights. And there were other stars which looked kind of like fireflies twinkling about. And there were still other stars that looked like little itty bitty moons or even suns in faraway places.

And Princess Ellie decided she would try to go fishing for stars and so she looked in the magic mirror and the magic mirror looked back at her and it looked like the mirror had eyes. And the mirror opened its eyes and Ellie said, I want to go fishing for stars. And the mirror said, Abraham. And suddenly the rocket ship snow castle that Princess Ellie was in got fishing rods to come out of it. And the fishing rods were made out of a kind of glassy icy substance that looked like long poles and it had kind of spider web string come out of the fishing rods. And Princess Ellie pressed some buttons and all of those magic fishing rods had infinitely long spider web kind of ropes come out of it. And she caught so many stars using her snow castle rocket ship.

And Princess Ellie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.