Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was an eight-year-old girl whose name was Vasilisa, and it was going to be her birthday the next week. And all week, she wondered what her birthday present would be. And finally, the day of her birthday came, and she had a cake which had eight different candles on it. And when she blew out the candles on her cake because everyone sang Happy Birthday, something special happened, the candles started to twinkle, and she made a wish that she could have a magic marker. And when Vasilisa opened her eyes and her mom started to cut the cake, they found that there was something magical inside the birthday cake. It was a magic magic marker. And Vasilisa told her mom to get some paper because Vasilisa needed to try out the magic marker and to see what it did. Well, Vasilisa's mom said, first eat some cake. And Vasilisa said, no, don't worry, because I'm going to draw more cake with my magic marker, and then we could just have more cake. And Vasilisa's mom said, okay. And Vasilisa's mom gave her two pieces of paper. On the first piece of paper, Vasilisa drew another birthday cake. And then, poof. It started to get a little bit foggy, and suddenly there was a second birthday cake. And then did she decide to draw a trailer and then outside and then, poof, do the real trailer? And then Vasilisa was deciding what to draw next because she realized she could have any toy that she wanted. And Vasilisa had a good idea. Her idea was to draw a rainbow, and she drew the rainbow. And do you know what happened? Guess what happened? A real rainbow appeared that would stay that would go wherever she went. Yes, there was a real rainbow that appeared, and it went right in Vasilisa's living room where she was having the birthday cake. And the rainbow had a slide on it. And Vasilisa went with her baby brother Lucas and her sister Palina on the slide in the real life rainbow that went outside. And the rainbow ended in a big, big ocean. And the big ocean wasn't dangerous because Vasilisa just drew a hole around the water. So there was part of the ocean that had no water in it. And that's where the rainbow went. So she got to go all the way to the bottom of the ocean by sliding down the magical rainbow slide. And when she got to the bottom of the ocean, she saw there was an underwater city. And the underwater city was very silly because there were octopus submarines that would just float about the underwater city. And Vasilisa clung on. She hung on to an octopus submarine as it gave her a tour of the city. And she saw that there were sharks, and the sharks were making eggs for breakfast because sharks were in charge of cooking breakfast in this underwater city. And there were also starfish in the underwater city that lit up just like real stars in the sky. And there was also a different kind of fish that Vasilisa had never heard about and that not even so many grownups know about. There was a fish called a moonfish, which was in the shape of a moon, and it only appeared at night, and it glowed in the dark under the water. Well, Vasilisa kept holding on to the octopus submarine, and she saw that there was a lionfish. The lionfish looked like a real life lion on land, but except it had flippers. And whenever the lion wanted to roar and go roar instead, the lionfish just sneezed and went, hutchu hutchu. And it was such a silly lionfish. Well, Vasilisa asked the octopus, what happens if one of the fishies or if the shark or the starfish or the moonfish, what happens if somebody gets sick in the underwater city? Is there a doctor? And the octopus took Vasilisa all the way to the doctor's office. There was a doctor's office in the underwater city that was next to some colorful rocks. And do you know who the doctor was, bud? Was it a fish? It was a penguin. The doctor was a penguin who was dressed up as a doctor. And the penguin doctor had a stethoscope, and he had lots of doctor things. And the penguin doctor said, don't worry. My shots don't even hurt. And the penguin doctor was really silly because the penguin doctor said to Vasilisa if she ever had a boo boo in the underwater city, that the penguin doctor could give her a bandaid that was made of Scotch tape. And Vasilisa said, that's not a real bandaid. Well, as she was having so much fun, she remembered the magic marker. And she tried to see if the magic marker would work in this underwater city. And so she started to draw a cat that had a big tall hat, and she didn't know where to draw. Like, should she just draw it in the water, because that's not paper. And she decided to draw it on a rock on the bottom of the ocean. And she drew a cat with kitty ears, and she put a big hat on top of him that was red and white and it had a long kitty cat tail, and it had long kitty cat legs. And right after she finished drawing it, there was a poof, and out came a cat with a hat. And the cat and the hat was trying to talk and said and Vasilisa realized that the cat and the hat couldn't talk underwater. So she decided she needed to create an emergency way to get out of the bottom of the ocean. Submarine. She need to draw submarine. She asked the octopus, can I use your submarine or do I have to draw my own? And the octopus said, a submarine is not going to be fast enough. We need to do something else. And Vasilisa had an idea. She drew an elevator. And suddenly an elevator appeared at the bottom of the ocean. And the cat in the hat who was trying to talk went and they both went in the elevator. And Vasilisa remembered to bring her baby brother Lucas and her sister Palina, and they all whooshed up in the elevator from the bottom of the ocean to the top. When they got to the top, they saw that they were on a magic island. The magic island had snow, but the snow was not cold. It was really hot. And the magic island also had a volcano in it, but the volcano was upside down and it was small on the bottom and big on the top. And instead of having magma inside, it had apple juice. And the magic island was really silly. Well, Vasilisa realized that it was getting late and that she needed to go home to eat her cake while it was still fresh. So she decided to draw a big bird. And she drew a big bird with her magic marker. And the bird turned real and gave Vasilisa and her baby brother Lucas and her sister Palina and their mom a ride all the way back to Vasilisa's house. And when they got back to the house, Vasilisa decided to draw a special thank you note to her mom. And she drew the thank you note writing letters. And her mom said, that is so special. And the real thank you letters started to float around the house. And everyone was so proud of Vasilisa on her birthday. And Vasilisa and her family lived happily ever after. The end.