Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jesse. The town fair had come to town, and Jesse went with his family to enjoy the fun. They had tickets, and the fair had so many rides, a dog race, a big Ferris wheel, toys to buy, bumper cars, a bounce house, and lots of other exciting things. There was a magic show at the fair, and all the kids were sitting down to watch. On the stage, there was a magician who said he came from a secret land that used to be an island. The island sank into the water, and the magician said that he now lived on a blimp floating around Earth, and he came to town just to do a magic show for the fair.

He looked at all the kids in the audience and told them he was going to make a pizza disappear from a box. He opened the box, and the kids looked inside, but the pizza didn't disappear. Then he said, the reason the pizza didn't disappear is that he didn't use his magic yet. This time, all the kids had to say, "pizza, pizza, pizza," and then the pizza would disappear when they opened the box. All the kids shouted as loudly as they could, "pizza, pizza, pizza." The magician opened the box, and the pizza was gone. Instead of the pizza, there was a parrot. The parrot was a gray parrot, and this parrot was special because instead of wings, the parrot just had one feather where each wing should be.

The parrot flew out of the pizza box and soared over the audience. All the kids got up from their chairs, and the parrot landed right on Jesse's head. Jesse said, "Ah!" And when the parrot landed on his head, Jesse brushed off his hair, and the parrot flew away. But Jesse could feel that his body was starting to change, and he was quickly turning into a robot. The magician told the audience that the parrot made whoever it landed on turn into a robot. The parrot started chasing all the kids around, and all the kids had to run away because they didn't want to turn into robots. But it was too late for Jesse, and Jesse the robot had to do whatever the magician said.

The magician said, "Jesse, come up on stage." Jesse walked up the stairs onto the stage, and his robot legs and robot arms moved. When he got onto the stage, Jesse looked at the magician. And when he looked at the magician, lasers shot out of his eyes. The magician said, "Hello, Jesse." And whenever Jesse heard noise, it sounded like an echo. So it sounded like the magician was talking in a tunnel or a cave. The magician told Jesse to look at all the kids in the audience, and whoever Jesse looked at with his laser eyes, they turned into robots too. All the kids in the audience quickly turned into robots.

Then the magician told all the kids who turned into robots, "Time for some robot rides." The kids decided to climb on top of each other's shoulders. One kid went on the other kid's shoulders, and it was two robots high. Then all the kids started to hold each other's shoulders, and they began to run in a line. As they ran in a line, everyone at the fair, especially the people on top of the Ferris wheel, said, "Oh no, robots are taking over." But all the parents knew that those robots used to be just kids.

Jesse wanted to become a regular person again and not be a robot. But he didn't know how to do it. All he could do was march. There was another kid on his shoulders named Jonah. Jesse wanted to ask the magician how to turn back into a person, but he didn't know how to talk like a regular person. When Jesse tried to talk and he opened his mouth, the only thing that happened was candy came out of his mouth. So when he tried to say something, new pieces of candy would just fall out of his mouth. The same was true for the other kids.

Jesse realized that he would have to draw a picture or write something if he wanted to tell his parents that he was Jesse and not just a robot. But he couldn't find any crayon or pen or pencil or marker or paint to draw with. He had an idea: he saw his mom writing with a pencil to make a book. He walked over to his mom with Jonah on his shoulders and tried to take the pencil from his mom so he could write her a note or draw her a picture. But when Jesse's mom, Amanda, saw that a robot was trying to take the pencil, Amanda ran away because she thought the robot was trying to be mean.

Jesse had to think of a different idea. He decided that, using his robot feet, he would draw a picture in the dirt on the ground. He also decided that he would go to Amanda and try to talk. Candy came out of his mouth, and Amanda said, "Oh, give me candy." Amanda gave him the pencil after receiving candy. Jesse tried to talk to his mom, Amanda, but candy just came out of his mouth. When Amanda saw that candy was coming out of his mouth, she realized that it was a good robot. She gave him the pencil, and using the pencil, Jesse wrote down his name: "Jesse."

Amanda said, "Why are you writing down Jesse's name if you're just a robot?" Jesse pointed at himself at his belly button. Amanda said, "Oh, you want me to touch your robot belly button?" Jesse shook his head yes because he didn't want to say something, or else more candy would come out. When Amanda touched Jesse's belly button, the parrot that first landed on Jesse flew back on top of Jesse the robot. When it landed on Jesse the robot, Jesse turned back into a person.

Amanda said, "Oh, that was part of the magic show. The magician turned you into a robot, and now you're Jesse again." Jesse said, "Yeah, it was because the parrot landed on me." The parrot went on all the different kids that went to the fair and landed on their heads. The other kids stopped being robots and turned into regular kids. The magician said that it was a mistake, and he didn't mean to turn all the kids into robots. So all the kids got free tickets for more rides, and they also all got extra toys from the fair.

Jesse had a lot of fun for the rest of the day at the fair because he got so many rides. Jonah did, and all the other kids did too. Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.