Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup stories. And I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird. AI. Lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use aya get it. I know I am Nay and I know AI. And I know my name is Aliana. Makeup Show is the best podcast ever. I listen to it every night. Tell your friends. Okay, Jesse, what do you want tonight's Makeup Story to be about? I want it to be about a robot Jesse that is a policeman that says no Jesse except robot Jesse. Okay, a robot Jesse and he's secretly a bad guy. What? A robot? Jesse that's policeman that says no Jesse's but robot Jesse's and he's secretly a bad guy. Yeah. Okay. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse. And the town fair was in town, and Jesse went with his family to the fair, and they had tickets, and the fair had so many rides, and they had a dog race in the fair, and they also had, like, a big Ferris wheel in the fair. And they had toys that you could buy and they had bumper cars, and they had kind of like a bounce house and lots of different fun things. And there was one kind of magic show at the fair, and all of the kids were sitting down and on the stage there was a magician who said he came from a secret land that used to be an island. And the island fell into the water. And the magician said that he now lived on a blimp which floated around Earth, and he was going to town just to do a magic show for the fair. And he looked at all of the kids in the audience, and he told the kids that he was going to make a pizza disappear from a box. And he opened the box and the kids looked inside, but the pizza didn't disappear. And then he said, the reason the pizza didn't disappear is because I didn't use my magic yet. This time, all of the kids have to say, pizza, pizza, pizza. And then the pizza will disappear when they open the box. And all of the kids said as loudly as they could, pizza, pizza, pizza. And the magician opened the box and the pizza was gone. And instead of the pizza, there was a parrot. And the parrot was a gray parrot. And this parrot was kind of special because instead of wings, the parrot just had one feather where each wing was supposed to be. And the parrot flew out of the pizza box, and it flew over the audience, and all of the kids got up out of their chairs, and the parrot landed right on Jesse's head. Jesse said ah. And when the parrot landed on his head, jesse wiped off his hair, and the parrot flew away. But Jesse could feel that his body was starting to change, and he was quickly becoming a robot. And the magician told the audience that the parrot made whoever it went on turn into a robot. And the parrot started chasing all of the kids around. And all of the kids had to run away because they didn't want to turn into robots. But it was too late for Jesse, and Jesse the robot had to do whatever the magician said. And the magician said, Jesse, come up on stage. And Jesse walked up the stairs onto the stage, and his robot legs and his robot arms went. And when he got onto the stage, Jesse looked at the magician. And when he looked at the magician, there were lasers that went out of his eyes. And the magician said, Hello, Jesse. And whenever Jesse heard noise, it sounded like an echo. So it sounded like the magician was talking in a tunnel or a cave or something like that. And the magician told Jesse to look at all of the kids in the audience, and whoever Jesse looked at with his laser eyes, they turned into robots also. And all of the kids in the audience quickly turned into robots. And then the magician told all of the kids who turned into robots, time for some robot rides. And then the kids decided to climb on top of each other's shoulders. So one kid went on the other kid's shoulders, and it was two robots high. And then all of the kids started to hold each other's shoulders, and they started to run in a line. And as they ran in a line, everyone who was like at the fair, especially the people who are on top of the Ferris wheel looking at this, they said, oh, no. Robots are taking over. But all of the parents knew that those robots used to just be the kids. And so Jesse wanted to become a regular person again and not be a robot. But he didn't know how to do it. All he could do was march. And there was a different person on his shoulders who was Jonah. And Jesse wanted to ask the magician how to turn back into a person, but he didn't know how to talk like a regular person. When Jesse tried to talk and he opened his mouth, the only thing that happened was candy came out of his mouth. And so when he tried to say something, there were new pieces of candy that would just fall out of his mouth. And the same was true of the other kids. So none of the kids could eat. It was not same with his whiting. Yeah. And so Jesse realized that he would have to draw a picture or write something if he wanted to tell his parents that really he was Jesse and not just a robot. But he couldn't find any crayon or pen or pencil or marker or paint to draw with. And so he had an idea. He saw his mom writing with a pencil to make, like, a book. Yes. But he saw his mom was writing this a pencil. So he walked over to his mom with Jonah on his shoulders, and he tried to take the pencil from his mom so he could write her a note or draw her a picture. But when Jesse's mom, Amanda, saw that there was a robot trying to take the pencil, amanda ran away because she thought the robot was trying to be mean. And so Jesse had to think of a different idea. And Jesse decided that, using his robot feet, he would kind of draw a picture in the dirt on the ground. And also, he decided that he would go to Amanda and try to talk. And then Candy got out of his mouth, and Amanda said, oh, give me candy. And then Amanda gives her the pencil. Yeah. And so Jesse, he tried to talk to his mom, Amanda, but candy just went out of his mouth. And when Amanda saw that candy was coming out of his mouth, she realized that actually it was a good robot. And she gave him the pencil. And using the pencil, Jesse wrote down his name. Jesse. And Amanda said, why are you writing down Jesse's name if you're just a robot? And then Jesse, he pointed at himself at his belly button. And then Amanda was like, oh, you want me to touch your robot belly button? And Jesse shook his head yes, because he didn't want to say something, or else more candy would come out. And then when Amanda touched Jesse's belly button, do you want to know what happened? The parrot that first landed on Jesse, it flew back on top of Jesse the robot. And when it landed on Jesse the robot, jesse turned back into a person. And then Amanda said, oh, that was part of the magic show. The magician turned you into a robot, and now you're Jesse again. And Jesse said, yeah, it was because of the parrot landed on me. And then the parrot went on all of the different kids that went to the fair, and it landed on their heads. And then the other kids stopped being robots, and they turned into regular kids. And the magician said that it was a mistake, and he didn't mean to turn all of the kids into robots. So all of the kids got free tickets for more rides, and they also all got extra toys from the fair. And Jesse had a lot of fun for the rest of the day in the fair because he got so many rides. And Jonah did and all of the other kids did too. And Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end. You were hi, my name is Pepper. Thanks for listening to makeup. Salad. Go to makeupsallies.com to zone in the job. Tell you when. Bye. Alone.