Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four and a half-year-old girl whose name was Emilyn. Emilyn lived with her family in a house that was in the mountains. It was such a snowy, snowy place. The roof of the house was white and full of snow. The trees that were around the house were also full of snow, and they had no leaves. On the ground near Emilyn's house, there was so much snow.

One day, Emilyn was walking right outside of her house, and she saw that there were a lot of kitty cats. The kitty cats were playing in the snow. One of the kitty cats was dragging a little kitty cat-sized sled. There was a baby kitten in the sled, and its mama, who was also a cat, was pulling it on the sled. The kitty cats asked Emilyn if she wanted the kitty cats to pull her on a magic sled. Emily said, "Okay." So, Emily got on the magic sled, which was yellow and blue.

Many kitty cats worked together to pull Emilyn in her magic sled through the white, white snow. As they were going through the snow, they saw trees that could walk. The trees had eyes and mouths, and they had little hats on top of their branches. Each tree was full of snow and walking around with so many different colorful hats. There were snowmen in the forest, and the snowmen could roll around. They weren't stuck in the same place. Some of them looked like they were really alive and could move around and climb up trees. The snowmen would bounce up and down, and a snowman could jump as high as a tree.

Soon enough, there were some dogs. The dogs started barking at all of the kitty cats. The kitty cats were a little bit scared, but Emilyn told them that they could go on the magic sled to be safe. The dogs came closer, and Emilyn told the dogs that they had to behave. Emilyn looked in the sled, and it magically made some dog toys appear. So, Emilyn got out some stuffy dog toys and gave them to the dogs. The dogs were so happy.

The dogs wanted to be friends with the kitty cats and told the kitty cats that because dogs are stronger, they could help pull the magic sled while Emilyn was in it. The kitty cats could also go for a sled ride. The kitty cats said, "Yay!" Emilyn went with the kitty cats in the magic sled, and the dogs started holding their toys with their mouths and also pulling the sled rope at the same time through the snow.

They were going through the snow for so long that they saw a magical igloo. An igloo is a house that's made of ice and is circle-shaped on top and a little bit underground. Emilyn got to the igloo, and the dog woofed at the door. Emilyn said, "Don't bark at the door, dog, because I am going to knock on it." She got off her magic sled, and all of the kitty cats followed her, and all of the dogs followed the kitty cats. Emilyn knocked on the igloo door, and the door opened by itself.

When she got inside the igloo, she saw that it was a secret toy factory. In the toy factory that was hidden inside the igloo, there were big factory machines that made a lot of different kinds of stuffies. There was also a kind of machine that put rubber bands together and turned lots of rubber bands into big trampolines. There were other toys being made in the toy factory, like toy dolls, toy race cars, and toy trains. All of it was hidden under this igloo.

Emilyn asked the owner of the factory if she could go look around, and the owner said yes and that the kitty cats and dogs could go in too. So, Emilyn went through the toy factory, and all of the kitty cats followed. Emily told the dogs that they had to behave and they shouldn't try to sneak any toys. Emily walked with the kitty cats and the dogs through the factory and suddenly saw some monkeys.

The monkeys were in charge of the machines, and it was very strange because Emily didn't know that monkeys could work in factories. But there they were. The monkeys were pressing buttons, turning switches, dialing knobs, and one of them was even using a laptop computer. A different monkey was talking on the phone, and there was a monkey who was holding a stuffy and walking a dog.

Emilyn asked the factory owner why the monkeys here acted like people. The factory owner said that in secret igloo factories, which are usually in the North Pole and in the South Pole, in Antarctica where it's very snowy, that's where you could find these secret factories. The factory owner said that in those secret places, there are also monkeys that are very smart and could do things that people could do. Emilyn looked at the monkeys, and they did look like regular people because they had people eyes, and some of them even wore glasses.

While Emily was having a very good time in the factory, she also saw that it was getting late. So, she told the kitty cats and the dogs that were with her to start marching single file out of the toy factory. The floor of the toy factory was slippery because it was made out of ice. All of the dogs started to slip and slide, rolling about the floor of the toy factory. The owner of the toy factory said, "Don't bump into the factory machines." Emilyn told the dogs to be careful, and none of them bumped into the factory machines. The kitty cats, who were now friends with the dogs, helped the dogs regain their balance, and they continued marching up the stairs and out of the igloo toy factory.

When Emilyn got out and she got in the magic sled, she saw that all of the kitty cats were very happy because the owner of the factory gave them kitty toys. The dogs were also really happy because they also got some dog treats. Emilyn was really happy because she got four different stuffies. So, Emilyn said thank you very much and that she would come back to the secret igloo toy factory another day.

Emilyn went back on the magic sled all the way to her house. She went home that evening and lived happily ever after. The end.

Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they might like it.