Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime. Wampies. Hello. My name is Emily, and I'm four years old. I'm four years old and I live in Colorado. And I want a story about some dad toys and stuffies and snowman. Am. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four and a half year old girl named Emmelyn who lives in Arvada, Colorado. Emily asked for us to make up a story that includes stuffies, dog toys, and snowmen. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four and a half year old girl whose name was Emilyn. Emilyn lived with her family in a house that was in the mountains. And it was such a snowy, snowy place. The roof of the house was white and full of snow. And the trees that were around the house were also full of snow, and they had no leaves. And on the ground near Emmelyn's house, there was so much snow. Well, one day, Emmelyn was walking right outside of her house, and she saw that there were a lot of kitty cats. And the kitty cats were playing in the snow. And one of the kitty cats was dragging a little kitty cat sized sled. And there was a baby kitten in the sled, and its mama, who is also a cat, was pulling it on the sled. And the kitty cats asked Emmelyn if she wanted for the kitty cats to pull her on a magic sled. Emily said, okay. And so Emily got on the magic sled, and the magic sled was yellow and blue and so many kitty cats. One cat is not strong enough to pull a sled, but a lot of cats, if they work together and hold onto the rope, can pull the sled. And so a lot of kitty cats pulled Emmelyn in her magic sled through the white, white snow. And as they were going through the white snow, they saw trees that could walk. And the trees had eyes, and the trees had mouths, and they had little hats on top of their branches. And trees have a lot of branches, so each tree was full of snow and was walking around with so many different colorful hats. And there were snowmen in the forest, and the snowmen could roll around. They weren't stuck in the same place. And some of them looked like they were really alive and could really move around and climb up trees. And the snowmen would bounce up and down, and a snowman could jump as high as a tree. Well, soon enough, there were some dogs. And the dogs started barking at all of the kitty cats. And the kitty cats were a little bit scared, but Emilyn told them that they could go on the magic sled to be safe. And the dogs came closer, and Emmelyn told the dogs that they had to behave. And Emmelyn looked in the sled, and it magically made some dog toys appear. And so Emilyn got out some stuffy, dog toys and gave them to the doggies. And the doggies were so happy. And then the dogs wanted to be friends with the kitty cats and the dogs told the kitty cats that because dogs are stronger they could help pull the magic sled while Emilyn was in it. And the kitty cats could also go for a sled ride. And the kitty cats said Yay. Well Emilyn went with the kitty cats in the magic sled and the dogs started holding their toys with their mouths and also pulling the sled rope at the same time through the snow. They were going through the snow for so much that they saw a magical igloo. An igloo is a house that's made of ice and is circle shaped on top and it's a little bit underground. And Emmelin got to the igloo and the dog woofed at the door and then Emmelyn said don't bark at the door dog because I am going to knock on it. And she got off of her magic sled and all of the kitty cats followed her and all of the doggies followed the kitty cats. And Emmelin knocked on the igloo door and the door opened by itself. And when she got inside the igloo she saw that it was a secret toy factory. In the toy factory that was hidden inside the igloo there were big factory machines that made a lot of different kinds of stuffies. And there was also a kind of machine that put rubber bands together and turned lots of rubber bands into big trampolines. And there were other toys that were being made in the toy factory. Like there were toy dolls, there were toy race cars, toy ChuChu trains and all of it was hidden under this igloo. Well Emilyn asked the owner of the factory if she could go look around and the owner said yes and that the kitty cats and doggies could go in too. And so Emmelyn went through the toy factory and all of the kitty cats followed. And Emily told the dogs that they had to behave and they shouldn't try to sneak any toys. And Emily walked with the kitty cat and the doggies through the factory and suddenly she saw some monkeys. The monkeys were in charge of the machine and it was very strange because Emily didn't know that monkeys could work in factories. But there they were. The monkeys were pressing buttons and turning switches and dialing knobs and one of them was even using a laptop computer. A different monkey was talking on the phone and there was a monkey who was holding a stuffy and walking a dog. Emmelyn said to the factory owner why do the monkeys here act like people? And the factory owner said because under secret igloo factories which are usually in the North Pole and in the South Pole, in Antarctica where it's very snowy, that's where you could find these secret factories. The factory owner said that in those secret places, there are also monkeys that are very smart and could do things that people could do. And Emilyn looked at the monkeys and they did look like regular people because they had people eyes, and some of them even wore glasses while Emily was having a very good time in the factory. But she also saw that it was getting late, and so she told the kitty cats and she told the doggies that were with her to start marching single file out of the toy factory. But the floor of the toy factory was slippery because it was made out of ice. And so all of the doggies started to slip and slide and they were rolling about the floor of the toy factory. And the owner of the toy factory said, don't bump into the factory machines. And Emmelyn told the doggies to be careful and none of them bumped into the factory machines. The kitty cats, who were now friends with the doggies, helped the doggies regain their balance and they continued marching up. Two, three, 4, march, march, march through the Igloo toy factory all the way back to the stairs. And then they went out to get back to the magic sled. When Emilyn got out and she got in the magic sled, she saw that all of the kitty cats were very happy because the owner of the factory gave them kitty toys. And all of the dogs were also really happy because they also got some dog treats. And she was really happy because Emily got four different stuffies. And so Emmelyn said thank you very much and that she would come back to the secret Igloo toy factory a different day. And Emily went back on the magic sled all the way to her house, and she went home that evening and she lived happily ever after. The End tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.