Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. One weekend, their parents told them they were going to visit a museum. It was their first time going to a museum because they lived in a small town with no museums. Jonah and Jesse packed some snacks and a water bottle for the car ride. They told their parents they might need to stop somewhere along the way since it was going to be a long drive.

Their dad started driving the car. As they were on their way to the museum, Jonah and Jesse saw lots of blue flowers growing by the side of the road. They also passed by a car crash. One car was upside down, but when Jesse looked closely, he saw that the car was made out of Lego! There was even a Lego tow truck ready to pick up the car. It was strange because you don't usually see big cars made out of Lego, especially on the road.

They kept going until they reached the halfway point, where they decided to stop. They pulled over in a parking lot by the side of the road, and Jesse's dad stopped the car. They unbuckled their seatbelts and opened the door. When they got outside, they saw a big cliff right in front of them. At the bottom of the cliff, there was a waterfall made of chocolate! The chocolate waterfall spilled into a big chocolate river at the bottom. In the river, there were some dinosaurs drinking the chocolate, and some turtles too. It was hard to tell if the turtles were real or pretend because they were far away.

Jesse made a binocular shape with his hands and looked closely. The turtle was huge, and it was real! But the turtle was wearing glasses and shoes, which was very strange. When the turtle saw Jesse looking at it, it hid its head inside its shell, and its shell turned into a box of cereal. Jesse called his dad over to see, but when his dad looked, he said he didn't see a chocolate waterfall or river. He said the dinosaurs were really just giraffes that were swimming.

Jonah thought his dad must be playing a trick on them because there really were dinosaurs there. He thought dinosaurs had all gone extinct, but maybe this was a part of the world that nobody had discovered yet, where some dinosaurs survived, and nobody knew about it. Jesse and Jonah's mom said it was time for them to go. They turned around to find their car, but it was missing! Instead, there was a train station. Jesse, Jonah, and their parents realized they would have to take the train to get home. So they boarded the train.

Once they were inside the train, a hole opened up in the ground, and the train went underground. The train started to chug along, making a chugga-chugga sound. It went so fast that it sounded like an airplane too! As the train sped along, it started to slide and slither like a snake. It was scary to be inside a train that turned into a snake because there was no door to get out. Jesse asked his dad if they would ever be able to leave the snake train. His dad said the only way out was to make the snake sneeze, and then it would spit them all out.

Jesse, Jonah, and their parents went to the front of the train, which was the snake's head. Jesse took off his shoe, untied his shoelace, and used it to tickle the snake's tongue. The snake sneezed and spat them all out. When they found themselves outside the snake, they were back in a regular train station. They went up an escalator and found a man selling hot dogs at the top. Jesse and Jonah were very hungry, so their dad let them get some hot dogs.

Jesse ordered a hot dog with ketchup, and Jonah ordered one with ketchup and a little bit of mustard. The hot dog man put the toppings on their hot dogs, but before they could take a bite, the hot dogs floated away! They chased the hot dogs through the air, but two big seagulls swooped down and grabbed the hot dogs. Jesse and Jonah tried to catch the seagulls, but the birds picked them up and flew away with them.

Their parents called out for them to come back, but the birds didn't listen. Jesse and Jonah needed a plan. They saw a kite flying nearby, so they jumped off the seagulls and landed on the kite. They steered the kite back to the ground by leaning on one side.

When they landed, they were a few blocks away from their parents. Jesse and Jonah called out, "Dad, Mom, where are you?" Their dad heard them and ran to find them. When they were reunited, Jesse and Jonah told their dad the whole story about the hot dogs and the seagulls. They were still hungry, so their dad gave them some pretzels he had saved in his pocket. They each got a pretzel, and they floated right into their mouths.

Suddenly, they felt a bump and realized they were still in the car and had fallen asleep. It was all a dream! The bump was because they had reached the museum. They finally arrived, and Jesse, Jonah, and their parents lived happily ever after. The end.