Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. It was the weekend, and Jonah and Jesse's parents told them that they were going to go to a museum. It was their first time going to a museum because they lived in a small town and there were no museums there. Jonah and Jesse packed some snacks for the car ride and a water bottle. They got in the car and told their parents that because it was going to be a long car ride, they would have to stop somewhere along the way.

Well, their dad started to drive the car. As they were driving, Jonah and Jesse saw so many blue flowers growing on the side of the road as they were on their way to the museum. On the way to the museum, they passed by a car crash. The car crash was there; one car was upside down, but when Jesse looked closely at it, he saw that the car was made out of Lego. He also saw that there was a Lego tow truck that was going to pick up the car. It was a bit strange because usually, you didn't see big cars made out of Lego. And what was it even doing on the road?

They kept going until finally, it was the middle of the way, and that is where they were going to stop. So they pulled over in a parking lot on the side of the road, and Jesse's dad stopped the car. They unstrapped their seatbelts from their car seats, and they opened the door. When they got outside, they saw that there was a big cliff right in front of them. At the bottom of the cliff, there was a waterfall that was made up of chocolate. The chocolate waterfall spilled into a big chocolate river at the bottom. In the river, there were some dinosaurs that were drinking the chocolate, and there were some turtles as well. It wasn't easy to tell if the turtles were real or if they were just pretend because they were far away.

Jesse put his hands next to his eyes to make a binocular shape, and to his surprise, it worked. When he looked up close, the turtle was so big, and it really was real, but the turtle was wearing glasses. Usually, turtles don't wear glasses; just people wear glasses. It was a strange turtle because the turtle was also wearing some shoes. But then the turtle saw Jesse look at it, and it put its head inside its shell, and its shell turned into a box of cereal. Jesse told his dad to come see, and Jesse's dad, Steve, went over to look. But when Steve looked, he said he didn't see a chocolate waterfall, and he didn't see a chocolate river. He said that the dinosaurs were really just giraffes that were swimming.

Jonah said that his dad must be tricking them because there really were dinosaurs there. He thought that dinosaurs had all gone extinct. But this must have been a part of the world that nobody had discovered yet, where some of the dinosaurs just survived and nobody knew about it. Well, Jesse and Jonah's mom said it's time for them to go. So they turned around, but when they looked for their car, their car was missing. The only thing that was there was a train station. Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda realized that they would have to take the train if they wanted to get home. So they went aboard the train.

Once they got inside the train, a hole opened up in the ground, and the train went underground. The train started to chug, chugga, chugga, ChuChu. The train went so fast, it seemed like it was making the sound of an airplane also. As the train was going, it started to slide and slither just like a snake. It was very scary to be inside a train that turned into a snake because there was no door that you could open to get out. So Jesse asked his dad if there was ever going to be a time when they would get to go out of the train that turned into a snake. Jesse's dad, Steve, said that the only way for them to get out was to make the snake sneeze, and then it could say, "hachu," and it would spit all of them out.

Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda walked up to the front of the train, which was the front of the snake. Jesse untied his shoelace, took off his shoe, and used his shoelace to tickle the snake's tongue. The snake spat out Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda. When they got to the outside of the snake, they saw they were back in a regular train station. The train station had an escalator. Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda went up the escalator. At the top of the escalator, there was a man selling hot dogs. Jesse and Jonah loved hot dogs, and they were very hungry because they were in the snake for such a long time. So they asked if they could get some hot dogs, and Steve said that they could.

Jesse ordered a hot dog with ketchup, and Jonah ordered one with ketchup and a teensy bit of mustard. The hot dog man put a little bit of ketchup on Jesse's hot dog and ketchup and mustard on Jonah's hot dog. Before Jesse and Jonah could take a bite, the hot dogs floated away. They started chasing the hot dogs through the air because they were so hungry and didn't want them to get away. But before they could catch the hot dogs, two big seagulls swooped down and grabbed the hot dogs. Jesse and Jonah chased the seagulls to try to get them, but one seagull picked up Jesse, and the other seagull picked up Jonah. They were attached to the seagulls' feet, and the seagulls were flying through the air with them.

Jesse and Jonah's parents were on the ground on top of the train station, and they were saying, "Come back, come back." But the birds weren't listening. Jesse and Jonah needed to think of an idea. The only thing they could think of was that there was a kite flying next to them. They jumped off the seagulls and landed on top of the kite. They used the kite to turn by leaning on one side of it, and finally, they could get back to the ground.

When they got back down to the ground, they were a few blocks from where their parents were. Jesse and Jonah called out, "Dad, Mom, where are you?" Steve heard Jonah and Jesse calling, so he came running to where their voice was. When he saw Jesse and Jonah, they told their dad about the whole story, about how they didn't even get to eat their hot dogs and how the seagull carried them. When Jonah and Jesse found their dad and told him that they were still hungry, their dad said, "Well, guess what? There's something here that you could eat." They asked what it was. Steve took out some pretzels that he saved up in his pocket. He gave one pretzel to Jonah, and it floated right in his mouth. He gave two pretzels to Jesse. Jonah said that wasn't fair, but one of the pretzels floated in Jesse's mouth, and the other pretzel went to Steve. So really, it was fair because all of them got one pretzel.

Then they felt a bump and realized that they were still in the car and had fallen asleep. It was all a dream. The bump was because there was a speed bump at the entrance to the museum. They finally arrived at the museum, and Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.