Yiddaya. Hello, I'm Anna, and I live in Nashville, Tennessee. Welcome to makeup stories. AI. Okay, Jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? A letter that can actually make the thing that it starts with. What do you mean by that? A letter that can make something that's real. Like, give me an example. Example is a letter that, let's say, N can make an even okay, all right. A letter that when you'd write down that letter of the alphabet, then it could make the thing that starts with the letter. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. It was the weekend, and Jonah and Jesse's parents told them that they were going to go to a museum. It was their first time going to a museum because they lived in a small town and there were no museums there. And Jonah and Jesse packed some snacks for the car ride and a water bottle. And they got in the car and they told their parents that because it was going to be a long car ride, they were going to have to stop somewhere along the way. Well, their dad started to drive the car. And as they were driving, jonah and Jesse saw so many blue flowers growing on the side of the road as they were on their way to the museum. On the way to the museum, they passed by a car crash. And the car crash was there was one car that was upside down, but when Jesse looked closely at it, he saw that the car was made out of Lego. And he also saw that there was a Lego tow truck that was going to pick up the car. It was a bit strange because usually you didn't see big cars made out of Lego. And what was it even doing on the road? They kept going until finally it was the middle of the way, and that is where they were going to stop. So they pulled over in a parking lot on the side of the road, and Jesse's dad stopped the car. They unstrapped their seatbelts from their car seats, and they opened the door. When they got outside, they saw that there was a big cliff right in front of them. And on bottom of the cliff, there was a waterfall that was made up of chocolate. And the chocolate waterfall spilled into a big chocolate river at the bottom. And in the river, there were some dinosaurs that were drinking the chocolate, and there were some turtles as well. It wasn't easy to tell if the turtles were real or if they were just pretend, because they were far away. And so Jesse put his hands next to his eyes to kind of make, like, a binocular shape. And to his surprise, it worked. And he was able to see it. And when he looked up close, the turtle was so big, and it really was real, but the turtle was wearing glasses. And usually turtles don't wear glasses. Just people wear glasses. It was a strange turtle because the turtle was also wearing some shoes. But then the turtle saw Jesse look at it, and it put its head inside its shell, and its shell turned into a box of cereal. Jesse told his dad to come see, and Jesse's dad, Steve, went over to look. But when steve looked, he said he didn't see a chocolate waterfall and he didn't see a chocolate river. And he said that the dinosaurs were really just giraffes that were swimming. And jonah said that his dad must be tricking them, because there really were dinosaurs there. And he thought that dinosaurs had all gone extinct. But this must have been a part of the world that nobody had discovered yet, where some of the dinosaurs just survived and nobody knew about it. Well, jesse and jonah's mom said it's time for them to go. So they turned around, but when they looked for their car, their car was missing. The only thing that was there was a train station. And so Jesse and jonah and steve and Amanda realized that they would have to take the train if they wanted to get home. So they went aboard the train. And once they got inside the train, the hole opened up in the ground, and the train went under the ground. The train started to chug, chugga, chugga, ChuChu. And the train went so fast, it went so fast, it seemed like it was making the sound of an airplane also. And the train, as it was going, it started to slide and slither just like a snake. It was very scary to be inside a train that turned into a snake because there was no door that you could open to get out. So Jesse asked his dad if there was ever going to be a time when they would get to go out of the train that turned into a snake. And Jesse's dad, Steve, said that the only way for them to get out was to make the snake sneeze, and then it could say, hachu, and it would spit all of them out. And so Jesse and jonah and steve and amanda walked up to the front of the train, which was the front of the snake. And then Jesse used one of his tricks. He untied his shoelace, and he took off his shoe, and he used his shoelace to tickle the snake's tongue, and the snake spit out. Jonah and Jesse and steve and amanda, when they got to the outside of the snake, they saw they were back in a regular train station. The train station had an escalator. So Jesse and jonah and steve and amanda went up the escalator. At the top of the escalator, there was a man that was selling hot dogs. Jesse and jonah loved hot dogs, and they were very hungry because they were in the snake for such a long time. So they asked if they could get some hot dogs, and Steve said that they could. So they both ordered one hot dog. And Jesse wanted ketchup on his and Jonah wanted ketchup and also a teensy bit of mustard. Well, the hot dog man put a little bit of ketchup on Jesse's hot dog and ketchup and mustard on Jonah's hot dog. And when he gave it to Jesse and Jonah, before Jesse and Jonah could take a bite, the hot dogs floated away. And Jesse and Jonah started chasing the hot dogs through the air because they were so hungry and they didn't want them to get away. But before they could catch the hot dogs, there were two big birds that swooped down, and they were seagulls. And the seagulls grabbed the hot dogs. Jesse and Jonas chased the seagulls to try to get it, but one seagull picked up Jesse and the other seagull picked up Jonah. And Jesse and Jonah were attached to the seagull's feet, and the seagull was flying through the air with them. Jesse and Jonah's parents were on the ground on top of the train station, and they were saying, come back, come back. But the birds weren't listening. And so Jesse and Jonah needed to think of an idea. The only thing they could think of was that there was a kite that was flying next to them. And so Jesse and Jonah jumped off of the seagulls and they landed on top of the kite. When they landed on top of the kite, they used the kite like they decided to lean on one side of the kite so it would turn, and finally they could get back to the ground. When they got back down to the ground, they were a few blocks from where their parents were. And so Jesse and Jonah said, dad, mom, where are you? And Jesse's dad? Steve heard Jonah and Jesse calling, so he came running to where their voice was. And when he saw Jesse and Jonah, jesse and Jonah told their dad about the whole story, about how they didn't even get to eat their hot dogs and how the seagull carried them. And when Jonah and Jesse found their dad and they told him that they were still hungry, their dad said, well, guess what? There's something here that you could eat. And they asked what it was. And Steve took out some pretzels that he saved up in his pocket. And he gave one pretzel to Jonah and it floated right in his mouth. And he gave two pretzels to Jesse. And Jonah said that wasn't fair, but one of the pretzels floated in Jesse's mouth and the other pretzel went to Steve. So really it was fair because all of them got one pretzel. And then they felt a bump and they realized that they were still in the car and they had fallen asleep. And it was all a dream. And the bump was because there was a speed bump at the entrance to the museum. And they finally arrived to the museum and Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end. Oh, yeah. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name's Anne Louise. You I know.