Once upon a time, a long time ago, Jonah and Jesse were playing in a playground. They both had their bicycles with them, and they were going to have a race around a dirt track. Jonah said, "Jesse, get ready." Jesse said that he needed to have a head start. Jonah agreed, saying, "Okay, I'll say one, two, three, go. And then you go. And then you say beep when I can go." So Jonah said, "One, two, three, go." Jesse started pedaling his bike on the dirt track. He went around two circles and then told Jonah, "Beep." Jonah asked, "Does that mean I can go?" Jesse said yes, and then Jonah started to ride his bike.

Jesse looked in front of him, making sure to concentrate as he made his bike go as fast as he could. Up a little hill, down a little hill, forward to the right a little bit, turning, leaning, getting straight again. He thought Jonah was catching up, but he didn't want to look behind him because that might take up some time. So Jesse went straight over another hill and another hill. The bike was getting heavy, his legs were getting tired, but still, he went so fast, faster than lightning. Suddenly, Jonah came up right next to him. They got to the finish line, and Jesse arrived second. He didn't win the race. Jesse told Jonah that it wasn't fair that he didn't win the race. Jonah said that Jesse really did get a head start, and Jesse said when Jonah could go. Jesse agreed to a do-over.

This time, instead of using bicycles, Jesse had an idea. He told Jonah that they would have to run, and Jonah would have to run barefoot, while Jesse would run with his running shoes. They did the same one, two, three, go thing where Jesse gets a head start. This time he ran as fast as he could, and Jesse won the race. So Jesse and Jonah decided that they would put on a show for the whole town to have different kinds of races where kids could hop and see which kid was the fastest hopper, where kids could crawl and see which kid is the fastest crawler, or kids could do bunny jumps to get from one line all the way to another line. There was even a race that Jesse and Jonah said they would have, which was who could jump rope the fastest from one line to the next line.

Jesse and Jonah decided that they would have to have a candy sale when they had their special races. They also needed to sell some lemonade. Jesse and Jonah told their parents that they needed to bring a table to the park. They took turns drawing to write a sign that said "Race Sale." Then they went shopping to the supermarket and got some different candy that they could sell. They were ready to have the race.

On the day of the race, Jesse had his parents bring out the table and put the candy on top of the table. He told his big brother Jonah to use the tape to tape the sign that said there was a candy race onto the table. Jonah helped tape it. Kids started to show up because it was a park, and they were walking by. That's when Jesse started to announce the rules.

The first race, Jesse said, was going to be a somersault race. Whoever could do somersaults across from one stick all the way to the other would win. Jesse said, "Ready, set, go." One of the girls won, and she got a candy. Jonah said it was time for the next race. The next race that Jonah said he wanted to have was for kids to jump. Every time they jumped, they would have to clap their hands in the air, and they had to get from one stick to the other stick, which was on the other side of a grass field. Jonah said, "Ready, set, go." Lots of different kids lined up. One of the kids was able to jump really high and clap his hand so high. He was a little bit bigger than the other kids, so it wasn't really fair. But he got all the way across to the other side, and Jesse decided which candy he got.

Throughout the day, more and more kids started to show up. Some kids brought balloons with them. One grown-up even had an idea, which was to get a bouncy house. Soon there were even carnival rides. Somebody called up the mayor of the city, and the mayor said that they should install a roller coaster. People started to build a roller coaster in the park where Jonah and Jesse had their races. The party was getting bigger and bigger, and soon the circus heard about it. The circus came into town with a big circus tent, elephants dressed up in funny crowns, acrobats that could jump about and do silly tricks, and even someone who juggled. But instead of juggling balls, this person juggled little rabbits.

That's when Jonah and Jesse had the idea to have a rabbit race in the circus because the circus came to the park where they decided to have their races. Jonah asked to speak with the circus director, and the person who was in charge of the circus was wearing a funny robe and had a long red hat with gems all over it. The person said that the rabbits were strictly for circus business and that they wouldn't have any races. Jesse told Jonah that he should tell the circus director that rabbits love to have races and that they would happily sell tickets for the circus so people could watch. The circus director said that was a good idea.

Jesse started to draw up some tickets that people could buy for the circus. All of the kids in the town started to buy tickets to the circus that Jesse and Jonah made with pieces of paper and a marker. The kids were gathering for the circus, and suddenly the circus was ready. Inside the circus, there was a big maze. The maze was kind of high, not as tall as a person, but high enough that it was up to a person's waist, like on top of your knees, under your belly button. That's how high this maze was.

There were going to be two bunny rabbits, and the bunny rabbits would have a race to see who could get to the end of the maze first. At the end of the maze, there would be a room full of carrots. Bunny rabbits really like carrots. Jesse said it was time for the race to start. The bunny rabbits got ready at the start line, and one of the bunny rabbits was ready to go before the other one. Jesse said, "Ready, set, go." The big bunny rabbit went first. Jesse said that it wasn't fair because the little bunny rabbit didn't even get a head start. The race had to start again, and they put the big rabbit back at the starting line. Jesse said, "Ready, set, little rabbit, go." The little rabbit started to go, and then Jesse said, "Blue." That meant the big rabbit could go.

Both of the rabbits started wandering around the maze, trying to find the room that was full of carrots. All of the kids who were in the circus got to cheer for the different rabbits that they wanted to win. In the middle of the maze, there was a hamster wheel. The big rabbit thought it was a fun hamster wheel, so he started to go on it. But the little rabbit decided to go all the way, not through the hamster wheel, and it got to the carrots, and it won the race. Jesse and Jonah's little bunny rabbit won the race, and all of the kids started to cheer. Everyone who lived there lived happily ever after. The end.