Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Olivia. Go to makeupstory.com to join the makeup stories club. Goodbye, AI. Tonight's makeup story is being recorded live to my two kids, Jonah and Jesse. And Jesse asked for me to make up a story that includes a bunny. And Jonah asked for me to have a story that has a race. Once upon a time, a long time ago, jonah and Jesse were playing in a playground. They both had their bicycles with them, and they were going to have a race around dirt track. And Jonah said, jesse, get ready. And Jesse said that he needed to have a head start. And Jonah said, okay, I'll say one, two, three, go. And then you go. And then you say beep when I could go. And so Jonah said, one, two, three, go. And then Jesse started pedaling his bike on the dirt track. And he went around two circles. And then he told Jonah, beep. And Jonah said, does that mean I could go? And Jesse said yeah. And then Jonah started to ride his bike. Jesse looked in front of him. He made sure to concentrate as he made his bike go as fast as he could. Up a little hill, down a little hill, forward to the right a little bit, turning, leaning, getting straight again. He thought Jonah was catching up, but he didn't want to look behind him because that might take up some time. So Jesse went straight over another hill and another hill. The bike was getting heavy, his legs were getting tired, but still he went so fast, faster than lightning. And suddenly Jonah came up right next to him. And they got to the finish line and they arrived. And Jesse got there second and he didn't win the race. And Jesse told Jonah that it wasn't fair that he didn't win the race. And Jonah said that Jesse really did get a head start. And Jesse said when Jonah could go. And then Jesse said, okay, but let's have a do over. And then they did the race again. But this time, instead of using bicycles, jesse had an idea. He told Jonah that they would have to run, and Jonah would have to run barefoot, and Jesse would run with his running shoes. And then they did the same one, two, three, go thing where Jesse gets a head start. And this time he ran as fast as he could and Jesse won the race. So Jesse and Jonah decided that they would put on a show for the whole town to have different kinds of races where kids could hop and see which kid was the fastest hopper, where kids could crawl and see which kid is the fastest crawler or kids could do bunny jumps to get from one line all the way to another line. There was even a race that Jesse and Jonah said that they would have, which was who could jump rope the fastest from one line to the next line. So jesse and jonah decided that they would have to have a candy sale when they had their special races. And also they would need to sell some lemonade. So jesse and jonah told their parents that they needed to bring a table to the park. And they took turns drawing to write a sign that said race sale. And then they went shopping to the supermarket and they got some different candy that they could sell. And then they were ready to have the race. On the day of the race, jesse had his parents bring out the table and put the candy on top of the table. Then he told his big brother jonah to use the tape to tape the sign that said there was a candy race onto the table. And jonah helped tape it. And then all of the kids started to show up because it was a park and the kids were walking by. And that's when jesse started to announce the rules. The first race, jesse said, was going to be a somersault race. And as whoever could do somersaults across from one stick all the way to the other. And jesse said ready, set, go. And one of the girls won. And so she got a candy. And then jonah said it was time for the next race. And the next race that jonah said he wanted to have was for kids to jump. And every time they jumped, they would have to clap their hands in the air and they had to get from one stick to the other stick, which was on the other side of a grass field. And jonah said ready, set, go. And lots of different kids lined up. And then one of the kids was able to jump really high and clap his hand so high, and he was like a little bit bigger than the other kids, so it wasn't really fair. But he got all the way across to the other side. And jesse decided which candy he got. And throughout the day, more and more kids started to show up. And some kids brought balloons with them. And one grown up even had an idea, which was to get a bouncy house. And soon there were even carnival rides. And somebody called up the mayor of the city, and the mayor of the city said that they should install a roller coaster. So people started to build a roller coaster in the park where jonah and jesse had their races. The party was getting bigger and bigger, and soon the circus heard about it. And so then the circus started to come into town. They had a big circus tent, and they had some elephants that were dressed up in funny crowns. And they also had some acrobats that could jump about and do silly tricks. The circus even had somebody who juggled. But instead of juggling balls, what this person juggled were little rabbits. And that's when Jonah and Jesse had the idea to have a rabbit race in the circus, because the circus came to the park where they decided to have their races. So Jonah asked to speak with the circus director, and the person who was in charge of the circus was wearing a funny robe, and he had a long red hat that had gems all over it. And the person said that the rabbits were strictly for circus business and that they wouldn't have any races. And then Jesse told Jonah that he should tell the circus director that rabbits love to have races and that they would happily sell tickets for the circus so people could watch. And the circus director said that was a good idea. And so Jesse started to draw up some tickets that people could buy for the circus. And all of the kids in the town started to buy tickets to the circus that Jesse and Jonah made with pieces of paper and a marker. And all of the kids were gathering for the circus, and suddenly the circus was ready. And inside the circus, there was a big maze. And the maze was kind of high. It wasn't so high that it was like as tall as a person, but it was high enough that it was like, up to a person's waist, like on top of your knees, under your belly button. And that's how high this maze was. And then there were going to be two bunny rabbits. And the bunny rabbits would have a race to see who could get to the end of the maze first. And at the end of the maze, there would be a room full of carrots. And bunny rabbits really like carrots. And Jesse said it was time for the race to start. And the bunny rabbits got ready at the start line, and one of the bunny rabbits was ready to go before the other one. And Jesse said, ready, set, go. And the big bunny rabbit went first. And Jesse said that it wasn't fair because the little bunny rabbit didn't even get a head start. And so the race had to start again, and they put the big rabbit back at the starting line, and Jesse said, ready, set, little rabbit, go. And the little rabbit started to go, and then Jesse said, blue. And that meant the big rabbit could go. And both of the rabbits started wandering around the maze trying to find the room that was full of carrots. And all of the kids who were in the circus got to cheer for the different rabbits that they wanted to win. And in middle of the maze, there was a hamster wheel. And the big rabbit thought it was a fun hamster wheel, so he started to go on it. But the little rabbit decided to go all the way, not through the hamster wheel, and it got to the carrots, and it won the race. And so Jesse and Jonah's little bunny rabbit won the race and all of the kids started to cheer and everyone who lived there lived happily ever after. The end. You for listening to me, dipster. My name is Olia. Go to Madeup stories.com to join the Madeup Club. Tell your friends.