Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Azalea. Azalea was very excited because her mom and dad were taking her to the orange juice factory. The orange juice factory was a big orange building where all the orange juice in the world comes from. Azalea asked her parents, "Are we there yet?" Her mom said, "We're almost at the orange juice factory." Azalea said, "Yay!"

Soon, Azalea looked out the car window and saw a big orange building with a roof shaped like a construction hat. She said, "Mom, look, I think I found the orange juice factory, and it has a construction hat as the roof, and it's such a big construction hat." Her mom and dad said, "Azalea, we just got here. Time to go into the orange juice factory." Azalea and her parents got out of the car, and her mom held her hand as they walked to the orange juice factory.

When they got to the orange juice factory, Azalea's mom knocked on the door and a big monkey with spider legs opened it. Azalea asked the monkey, "Why do you have spider legs?" The monkey told her that he was in charge of the factory and he was a special kind of monkey found only in the rainforest. He had so many spider legs because his job was to get lots of oranges and put them in the factory. Azalea said, "Can I see?" The spider monkey started using his spider legs to climb to the top of the orange factory.

Azalea saw that under the construction hat, which was the roof of the factory, there was a big upside-down orange tree. Usually, orange trees grow from the ground and go up. But this orange tree was attached to the ceiling of the orange factory, and it was pointing down. The orange tree was not a regular orange tree because regular oranges did not grow on this tree. Instead, the orange tree had little hoses that came out of the branches. As the orange tree grew down, orange juice came out of it.

Azalea told her parents, "Mom, I never thought I could see an orange juice tree because I thought orange juice just comes from oranges, and you squeeze it." The monkey with spider legs told Azalea that in this factory, they had a special, powerful orange juice tree that made so much orange juice come out of the branches and leaves. At the bottom of the factory, there was a big, deep lake full of orange juice. There were many different monkeys with spider legs, and some of the monkeys also had frog legs. They were able to jump up, and then when they got to the construction hat on the roof, they were able to stick to the roof with their spider legs.

All of the monkeys with spider legs and some with frog legs wore special sunglasses, and some of them even had toys. One of the monkeys that was a spider had a toy boat. He said, "Look, Azalea, I'm going to put it in the big orange juice lake at the bottom of the factory." The monkey with spider legs put a little toy boat on the lake in the orange juice factory. As the toy boat went in the lake, Azalea saw a big fish splashing in the orange juice lake. The fish was so big, it looked almost like a whale. Azalea asked, "Why is there such a big fish swimming around in orange juice?" The monkey told her that the fish's job was to mix up the orange juice so that it tasted yummy for kids.

Azalea said, "But isn't it going to get a little bit yucky if there's a fish in it?" The fish jumped out of the water and back in, making a big splash. The orange juice splash went all over the factory, and some of it even got on Azalea's raincoat and boots. Azalea asked, "Mom, why did that big fish splash some orange juice all over?" Her mom said, "I don't know."

Just as she said that, Azalea saw an upside-down elephant on the orange juice tree. Azalea asked, "Mom, how could the elephant climb up a tree? I didn't know elephants are good at climbing." Her mom said, "I don't know, Azalea. Let's ask the spider monkey with spider and frog legs." Azalea went up to the monkey with little green frog legs and also spider legs and asked, "How is there an elephant on the orange juice tree?" The monkey said, "Azalea, do you see how that's not a blue elephant? It's an orange elephant." Azalea said, "Yeah, it changed colors." The monkey with frog and spider legs said, "That elephant has an important job. Its job is to help the orange tree grow upside down. And if the elephant is on it, it weighs a lot, so it helps pull the orange juice tree down so orange juice could come out of the branches and go into the lake."

Azalea asked, "Well, how come the orange elephant doesn't fall down? Because elephants aren't so good at climbing." The monkey with spider legs said, "He just put some spider web on it, a lot of spider web on the elephant's feet and on the tree so the elephant didn't fall off." The orange elephant saw Azalea and said, "Hi, Azalea." Azalea waved hello.

Just as she waved hello to the elephant, she saw two buffaloes swimming in the lake. Azalea asked the monkey with spider legs and frog legs, "Why are the buffaloes swimming in the water?" Azalea realized, "Oh, wait, that's not water. That's orange juice." The monkey with spider legs told Azalea that the buffaloes were good friends and they loved to kiss each other because whenever the buffaloes kissed while swimming in the orange juice, the orange juice would get sweeter because there's so much sugar in buffalo's mouths. So if they kiss inside an orange juice lake or pond, then the orange juice becomes sweeter.

The buffaloes came up to Azalea and said, "Thanks for visiting the factory, Azalea." Azalea said, "But I want to see them put some of the orange juice into orange juice bottles." Just as she said that, Azalea saw a long row of duckies. All of the duckies were swimming in the orange juice lake, and they were going to orange juice bottles. The duckies would help dip the orange juice bottles into the orange juice lake to fill them up. There was a truck waiting outside, and there were giraffes that helped take the orange juice bottles onto the trucks to deliver them to stores. That's where other factories get their orange juice from. It comes from the big orange orange juice factory, which has a construction hat on top and the deepest, biggest orange juice lake.

Azalea told her mom she was so happy to see the orange juice lake. Azalea and her parents said bye to the monkey with spider and frog legs, and they said bye to the elephant that was upside down and sticking onto the upside-down tree using spider webs. They also said goodbye to the big fish splashing and to the buffalo. Azalea and her parents went back home, and they lived happily ever after. The end.