Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Azalea. Azalea was very lucky because Azalea's mom and dad were driving her to the orange juice factory. The orange juice factory was a big building that was the color of orange, where all the orange juice in the world comes from. Azalea asked her parents, "Are we there yet?" Azalea's mom said, "We're almost at the orange juice factory." Azalea said, "Yay!"

Soon, Azalea looked out the window of her car and saw a big orange building that had a roof, which was the shape of a construction hat. She said, "Mom, look, I think I found the orange juice factory, and it has a construction hat as the roof, and it's such a big construction hat." Azalea's mom and Azalea's dad said, "Azalea, we just got here. Time to go into the orange juice factory." Azalea and Azalea's parents got out of their car, and Azalea's mom held Azalea's hand as they walked all the way to the orange juice factory.

When they got to the orange juice factory, Azalea's mom knocked on the door and someone opened the door. It was a big monkey that opened the door, but the monkey was silly because he had spider legs. Azalea said to the monkey, "Monkey, why do you have spider legs?" The monkey told Azalea that he was in charge of the factory and he was a special kind of monkey that you could only find in the rainforest. He had so many spider legs because his job was to get so many oranges and to put them in the factory. Azalea said, "Can I see?" The spider monkey started using his spider legs to climb to the top of the orange factory.

Azalea saw that under the construction hat, which was the roof of the factory, there was a big upside-down orange tree. Usually, orange trees grow from the ground and go up. But this orange tree was attached to the ceiling of the orange factory, and it was pointing down. The orange tree was not a regular orange tree because regular oranges did not grow on this tree. Instead, the orange tree had little hoses that came out of the branches. All of the branches had a little hose in them. As the orange tree grew down and down, orange juice came out of the orange tree.

Azalea told her parents, "Mom, I never thought I could see an orange juice tree because I thought orange juice just comes from oranges, and you squeeze it." The monkey with spider legs told Azalea that in this factory, they had to have a special, powerful orange juice tree that made so much orange juice come out of the branches and come out of the leaves. In the bottom of the factory, there was a big, deep lake full of orange juice. There were so many different monkeys who also had spider legs, and some of the monkeys also had frog legs. They were able to jump up, and then when they got to the construction hat on the roof, they were able to stick to the roof with their spider legs.

All of the monkeys with spider legs and some of them with frog legs wore special sunglasses, and some of them even had toys. One of the monkeys that was a spider had a toy boat. He said, "Look, Azalea, I'm going to put it in the big orange juice lake that's at the bottom of the factory." The monkey with spider legs put a little toy boat on the lake in the orange juice factory. As the toy boat went in the lake, Azalea saw that there was a big fish splashing in the orange juice lake. The fish was so big, it looked almost like a whale. Azalea said, "Monkey with the spider legs, why is there such a big fish swimming around in orange juice?" The monkey told Azalea that the fish's job was to mix up the orange juice so that it tasted yummy for kids.

Azalea said, "But isn't it going to get a little bit ewy if there's a fish in it?" The fish jumped out of the water and the fish jumped back in the water, making a big splash. The orange juice splash went all over the factory, and some of it even got on Azalea's raincoat and her boots. Azalea said, "Mom, why did that big fish splash some orange juice all over?" Azalea's mom said, "I don't know."

Just as she said that, Azalea saw that there was an elephant that was upside down and on the orange juice tree. Azalea said, "Mom, how could the elephant climb up a tree? I didn't know elephants are good at climbing." Her mom said, "I don't know, Azalea. Let's ask the spider monkey with spider and frog legs." Azalea went up to the monkey that had little green frog legs and also spider legs and said, "Monkey, how is there an elephant on the orange juice tree?" The monkey said, "Azalea, do you see how that's not a blue elephant? It's an orange elephant." Azalea said, "Yeah, it changed colors." The monkey with frog and spider legs said, "That elephant has an important job. Its job is to help the orange tree grow upside down. And if the elephant is on it, it weighs a lot, so it helps pull the orange juice tree down so orange juice could come out of the branches and go into the lake."

Azalea said, "Well, how come the elephant that's orange doesn't fall down? Because elephants aren't so good at climbing." The monkey with spider legs said, "He just put some spider web on it, a lot of spider web on the elephant's feet and on the tree so the elephant didn't fall off." The orange elephant saw Azalea and said, "Hi, Azalea." Azalea waved hello.

Just as she waved hello to the elephant, she saw that swimming in the lake were two buffaloes. Buffaloes look like big cows, but they're stronger, and some of them have big horns. Azalea said to the monkey with spider legs and with frog legs, "Why are the buffaloes swimming in the water?" Azalea realized, "Oh, wait, that's not water. That's orange juice." The monkey with spider legs told Azalea that the buffaloes were such good friends and they loved to kiss each other because whenever the buffaloes made kisses and they were swimming in the orange juice, the orange juice would get more sugary because in buffalo's mouths, there's so much sugar. So if they kiss inside of an orange juice lake or inside of an orange juice pond, then the orange juice becomes sugary.

The buffaloes came up to Azalea and said, "Thanks for visiting the factory, Azalea." Azalea said, "But I want to see them put some of the orange juice into orange juice bottles." Just as she said that, Azalea saw that there was a big, long row of duckies. All of the duckies were swimming in the orange juice lake, and they were going to orange juice bottles. The duckies would help dip the orange juice bottles into the orange juice lake to fill them up. There was a truck waiting outside, and there were giraffes that helped take the orange juice bottles onto the trucks to deliver them to stores. That's where other factories get their orange juice from. It comes from the big orange orange juice factory, which has a construction hat on top and the deepest, biggest orange juice lake.

Azalea told her mom she was so happy to see the orange juice lake. Azalea and her parents said bye to the monkey that had spider and frog legs, and they said bye to the elephant that was upside down and sticking onto the upside-down tree using spider webs. They also said goodbye to the big fish splashing and to the buffalo. Azalea and her parents went back home, and they lived happily ever after. The end.