Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Jack. This is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is I live on Vancouver Island and I'm two years old. And what would you like in your story? Braxton and elephants and buffalo and elephants and buffalo kisses together. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Azalea who lives in Vancouver island, Canada, and who turns three years old tomorrow on March 12. And so we want to say happy birthday. Azalea and Azalea asked for us to make up a story that includes a big fish splashing, an elephant and a buffalo kissing. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Azalea. Azalea was very lucky because Azalea's mom and dad were driving her to the orange juice factory. And the orange juice factory is a big building that's the color of orange, where all the orange juice in the world comes from. And Azalea asked her parents, are we there yet? And Azalea's mom said, we're almost at the orange orange juice factory. And Azalea said, yay. Soon, Azalea looked out the window of her car and she saw a big orange building that had a roof, which was the shape of a construction hat. And she said, mom, look, I think I found the orange juice factory, and it has a construction hat as the roof, and it's such a big construction hat. And Azalea's mom and Azalea's dad said, azalea, we just got here. Time to go into the orange juice factory. And Azalea and Azalea's parents got out of their car, and Azalea's mom held Azalea's hand as they walked all the way to the orange juice factory. When they got to the orange juice factory, azalea's mom knocked on the door and somebody opened the door, and it was a big monkey that opened the door, but the monkey was silly because he had spider legs. And Azalea said to the monkey, monkey, why do you have spider legs? And the monkey told Azalea that he was in charge of the factory and he was a special kind of monkey that you could only find in the rainforest. And he had so many spider legs because his job was to get so many oranges and to put them in the factory. And Azalea said, Can I see? And the spider monkey started using his spider legs to climb to the top of the orange factory. And Azalea saw that under the construction hat, which was the roof of the factory, there was a big upside down orange tree. And usually orange trees grow from the ground and they go up. But this orange tree was attached to the ceiling of the orange factory, and it was pointing down. And the orange tree was not a regular orange tree because regular oranges did not grow on this tree. Instead, the orange tree had little hoses that came out of the branch. All of the branches had a little hose in them. And as the orange tree grew down and down, orange juice came out of the orange tree. Azalea told her parents, mom, I never thought I could see an orange juice tree because I thought orange juice just comes from oranges and you squeeze it. And the monkey that had spider legs told Azalea that in this factory they had to have a special, powerful orange juice tree that made so much orange juice come out of the branches and come out of the leaves. Because in the bottom of the factory there was a big, big, deep lake full of orange juice. And there were so many different monkeys who also had spider legs, and some of the monkeys also had frog legs. And they were able to jump up. And then when they got to the construction hat on the roof, they were able to stick to the roof with their spider legs. And all of the monkeys with spider legs and some of them with frog legs wore special sunglasses, and some of them even had toys. One of the monkeys that was a spider had a toy boat. And he said, Look, Azalea, I'm going to put it in the big orange juice lake that's at the bottom of the factory. And the monkey that had spider legs put a little toy boat on the lake in the orange juice factory. And as the toy boat went in the lake, azalea saw that there was a big fish splashing in the orange juice lake. And the fish was so big, it looked almost like a whale. And Azalea said, Monkey with the spider legs, why is there such a big fish swimming around orange juice? And the monkey told Azalea that that fish's job was to mix up the orange juice so that it tasted yummy for kids. And Azalea said, but isn't it going to get a little bit ewy if there's a fish in it? And the fish jumped out of the water and the fish jumped back in the water and made a big splash. And the orange juice splash went all over the factory. And some of it even got on Azalea's raincoat and her boots. And Azalea said, mom, why did that big fish splash some orange juice all over? And Azalea's mom said I don't know. And just as she said that, Azalea saw that there was an elephant that was upside down and on the orange juice tree. And Azalea said, mom, how could the elephant climb up a tree? I didn't know. Elephants are good at climbing. And her mom said, I don't know, Azalea. Let's ask the spider with the monkey with spider and frog legs. And Azalea went up to the monkey that had little green frog legs and also spider legs and said, monkey, how is there an elephant on the orange juice tree? And the monkey said, Azalea, do you see how that's not a blue elephant? It's an orange elephant. And Azalea said, yeah, it changed colors. And the monkey with frog and spider legs said, that elephant has an important, important job. Its job is to help the orange tree grow upside down. And if the elephant is on it, it weighs a lot, so it helps pull the orange juice tree down so orange juice could come out of the branches and go into the lake. And Azalea said, well, how come the elephant that's orange doesn't fall down? Because elephants aren't so good at climbing. And the monkey with spider legs said, he just put some spider web on it, a lot of spider web on the elephant's feet and on the tree so the elephant didn't fall off. And the elephant who was orange saw Azalea. And the elephant said, Hi, Azalea. And Azalea waved hello. And just as she waved hello to the elephant, she saw that swimming in the lake were two buffaloes. Buffaloes look like big, big cows, but they're stronger, and some of them have big horns. And Azalea said to the monkey with spider legs and with frog legs, why are the buffaloes swimming in the water? And Azalea was like, oh, wait, that's not water. That's orange juice. And the monkey with spider legs told Azalea that the buffalo were such good friends and they loved to kiss each other because whenever the buffaloes made kisses and they were swimming in the orange juice, the thing that would happen is the orange juice would get more sugary because in buffalo's mouths, there's so much sugar. So if they kiss inside of an orange juice lake or inside of an orange juice pond, then the orange juice becomes sugary. And the buffaloes came up to Azalea and said, thanks for visiting the factory. Azalea and Azalea said, But I want to see them put some of the orange juice into orange juice bottles. And just as she said that, Azalea saw that there was a big, long row of duckies. And all of the duckies were swimming in the orange juice lake, and they were going to orange juice bottles. And the duckies would help dip the orange juice bottles into the orange juice lake to fill them up. And there was a truck waiting outside, and there were giraffes that helped take the orange juice bottles onto the trucks to deliver them to stores. And that's where other factories get their orange juice from. It comes from the big orange orange juice factory, which has a construction hat on top and the deepest, biggest orange juice lake. And Azalea told her mom she was so happy to see the orange juice lake. And Azalea and her parents said bye to the monkey that had spider and frog legs, and they said bye to the elephant that was upside down and sticking onto the upside down tree using spider webs. And they also said goodbye to the big fish splashing and to the buffalo. And Azalea and her parents went back home and they lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.