Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old girl named Lauren. One day, a pilot landed his airplane right next to Lauren's house in Massachusetts. He knocked on the door and asked Lauren and her parents if they wanted to go on a trip to the rainforest. Excited, they all agreed, and the pilot took them to the Amazon rainforest, the largest rainforest in the whole world.

After a long flight, they landed at an airport in the Amazon rainforest. Lauren, eager for adventure, suggested they wear life jackets, hop on a boat, and sail down the river. Her parents agreed, and they all put on life jackets and began to float on the water in their boat.

As they floated, they heard monkey sounds and a distant roar that might have been a leopard. Lauren wasn't scared because she and her parents had a magic blanket. This special blanket gave superpowers to anyone who wrapped themselves in it. Lauren had the magic blanket with her on the boat as they traveled down the Amazon River.

Soon, they saw a baby crying in the rainforest all alone. Lauren told her parents they should help, and they steered the boat towards the baby. Lauren put the magic blanket on the baby, and the baby turned into Wonder Woman. Wonder Woman thanked Lauren for saving her and told her about a unicorn that lived in a hidden part of the rainforest. She said that Lauren would need a fairy princess to help her find the unicorn. Wonder Woman suggested that Lauren put the magic blanket on her mom to turn her into a fairy princess.

Lauren asked her mom if they could try that, and her mom agreed. When Lauren put the magic blanket on her mom, she turned into a fairy princess. Lauren's mom, now a fairy princess, said she could help guide them to the unicorn. She used a magic string to attach to Lauren's blanket, and they both started to fly towards the ferry where the unicorn was.

When they arrived at the ferry, they saw two unicorns on the boat. Lauren and her mom, the fairy princess, landed the magic blanket onto the ferry and approached the unicorns. They asked if the unicorns were real, and one of the unicorns replied, "Nay," pretending to be a horse. Then, the unicorn revealed that it was just joking and turned its whole body into a rainbow color, proving that it was indeed a unicorn.

The unicorn told Lauren that it was happy to see her and her mom, the fairy princess. Soon, Lauren's mom realized it was getting late, and they needed to rescue Lauren's dad, who was still on the boat in the river. Lauren and her mom went back to the boat, and the whole family returned to the pilot, telling him they were done with their adventure. The pilot flew them all the way back home to Massachusetts.

When they got back home, Lauren told all of her friends the wonderful story of when she traveled to the Amazon rainforest, saw a unicorn and Wonder Woman, and used her magic blanket to turn her mom into a fairy princess. Lauren and her parents lived happily ever after. The end.