You welcome to mixed up stories. This is Rory from Scotland. Hi, my name is Lauren, and I live in Massachusetts, and I'm five years old. And I would like a story about a unicorn and Wonder Woman. And I let a fairy princess us. Bye. I listen to you every night. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old listener who lives in Massachusetts and whose name is Lauren. And Lauren asked for us to make up a story that includes Wonder Woman, unicorn, and a fairy princess. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old girl whose name was Lauren. Lauren got very lucky because there was a pilot who was flying next to her house. And the pilot landed his airplane right on the street next to Lauren's house in Massachusetts. And the pilot went into Lauren's house after knocking on the door, and he said to Lauren and Lauren's mom and Lauren's dad, do you guys want to go on a trip in the rainforest? And Lauren and her parents said yes. Is it the Amazon rainforest? Yes. And then the pilot took Lauren and her parents all the way to the Amazon rainforest, which is the largest rainforest in the whole world. And it has so many trees, and there are so many rivers there, and there's so much fish in the rivers, and there's a lot of monkeys and other animals that live in the Amazon rainforest. Finally, after a long flight, the pilot landed in an airport in the Amazon rainforest. Lauren got out of the plane with her parents, and she told her parents that it was time to set off on adventure. Her parents told Lauren that they should decide where they should go. And Lauren had an idea. She said, how about we wear life jackets and we go on a boat and we sail in the river? And her parents said, that sounds like a fun idea. So Lauren got in a boat with her parents, and they all wore life jackets. And as they started to go floating in the water on top of the boat, they heard some monkey sounds. And the monkeys went, and they also heard some kind of roaring in the distance. And they thought that it could have been a leopard. A leopard is a big cat with strong teeth. But Lauren wasn't afraid because Lauren and her parents had a magic blanket. The magic blanket was a kind of blanket that not a lot of kids have, but is actually a really special blanket. If a kid wraps himself or herself up with the magic blanket, then do you know what happens, bud? What? They get superpowers. And Lauren had a magic blanket with her on the boat as she was going with her parents on the Amazon River. And as she was going, she saw that there was a baby. And the baby was crying in the rainforest all by himself. It was a baby person. And the baby person was all alone in the rainforest. And Lauren said to her parents let's go help. And they steered the boat right to the baby. And the baby was all alone in the rainforest. And do you know what Lauren did? What? Lauren put the magic blanket on the baby. And do you know what happened to that baby? That baby that was crying in the rainforest and was getting rain on it when it went in Lauren's magic blanket it turned into Wonder Woman. And Wonder Woman is a superhero that can do lots of special tricks and is very fast and very strong. And the baby that Lauren put in the blanket was now Wonder Woman. And Wonder Woman said to Lauren thank you so much for saving me because I think I used to be a baby. And Lauren said don't worry, I just used my magic blanket. And Wonder Woman said well do you know what I want to do for you? And Lauren said she didn't know. And Wonder Woman said that there was a unicorn that she used to ride because it's an animal that lives only in the rainforest in places where people can't go. And so Wonder Woman told Lauren that there was a unicorn and the unicorn was riding a ferry boat in a different part of the rainforest for kind of horses. Yeah. Usually the ferry boat that the unicorn was on was meant for horses. However, it also did fit unicorns. There aren't so many unicorns in the Amazon reinforced. Even today there's just a few of them. So the ferry boat didn't have to have space for a lot of unicorns. But still those horses also yeah, but still there were horses because would they fight because they look so much the same? Well, unicorns and horses are nice to each other. And Wonder Woman told Lauren that she could go to the unicorn in the ferry. In the ferry, but that Lauren would need a fairy princess to help her go. And Lauren said well how can I get a fairy princess? And Wonder Woman told Lauren all you have to do is put the magic blanket on top of your mom and then your mom could turn into a fairy princess. And Lauren asked her mom if they could try that. And Lauren's mama said yes. So Lauren put the magic blanket on top of her mom. And do you know what happened? What? Her mom turned into a fairy princess. Lauren's mom was a fairy princess on the boat in the river in the Amazon rainforest as Wonder Woman was telling them how to get to the unicorn. And Lauren's mom the fairy princess said I can help guide you to the unicorn on the fairy. And Lauren said, thanks, mom. And Lauren's mom used a magic string and she attached the magic string to Lauren's blanket. And Lauren started to fly on her blanket. And her mom was on the magic string on the other side. And the mom pulled Lauren in the magic blanket all the way to the ferry, which was on the other side of the Amazon river. And in the ferry, Lauren saw that there was indeed two unicorns on the boat and that Wonder woman was telling the truth. And so Lauren told her mom to land the magic blanket. And her mom, who is a fairy princess, said, okay. And so they started going on to the ferry, and Lauren and her mom, the fairy princess, landed the magic blanket onto the ferry, and they went right up to the unicorn, and they said, unicorn, unicorn, are you real? And do you know what the unicorn said? Yeah. He said, nay. And then Lauren said, wait, you're a horsey. And then the unicorn said, I was just joking. Really? I'm a silly unicorn. And Lauren said, so you are a unicorn. And then do you know what the unicorn did? He made his whole body turn rainbow color. So he really was a unicorn. And the unicorn told Lauren that it was so happy to see her and that her mom was a fairy princess. And Lauren said, thank you. And then Lauren's mom realized it was getting late and that her dad was stuck on the boat in the river. So Lauren and her mom went back to the boat to rescue their dad. And Lauren and her whole family went back to the pilot and said they were done with their adventure. And the pilot flew them all the way back home to Massachusetts. And when they got back home, Lauren told all of her friends of the wonderful story from when she traveled to the Amazon rainforest and saw a unicorn and wonder woman and how she used her magic blanket to turn her mom into a fairy princess. And Lauren and her parents lived happily ever after. The end. I'm Leo, and thank for listening to makeup stops.