Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jesse. Jesse lived in a barn and slept on a pile of hay. There were horses and kitty cats that lived in the barn with him. His parents were farmers, and on the farm, Jesse loved to tinker and experiment with different pieces of metal. For example, there were hammers, nails, screws, and screwdrivers. Whenever Jesse played in the barn, he used to put together different pieces of metal using his tools. Jesse was excellent at building.

One day, when Jesse turned five years old, he built a robot that could talk and could copy people's voices. When he went on a bike ride for it to charge, he fell down. When he was coming back from his bike ride, he went too fast, and then oh, yes. Then, one of Daddy's friends came, and he was a doctor because that did happen. For real? Yeah. Jesse fell down on his bike, and Jesse built this robot in the barn that he lived in, and he taught the robot how to copy anybody's voice.

The robot that Jesse built in the barn started to copy Jesse's voice, and Jesse would say good morning to the robot, and the robot would say good morning to Jesse, and it would sound exactly like Jesse. Then Jesse decided to start teaching the robot some dances. He put little cameras in the robot's eyes so that the robot could see Jesse. He started dancing and asked the robot if it could copy him. The robot started to copy Jesse. If Jesse started dancing with silly feet, then the robot would also dance with its silly feet. The robot was able to copy however Jesse danced and whatever Jesse said.

One day, Jesse went outside and he was looking in the grass on his farm, and he saw there was a little hole in the ground. Jesse was licking a lollipop. When he looked in the ground, he saw that it was a chipmunk hole, and he wanted the chipmunk to come out. So Jesse stuck the lollipop in the ground so that the chipmunk would come out. The chipmunk started licking the lollipop because lollipops are yummy and have sugar in them. Jesse took his lollipop out of the hole in the ground, and the chipmunk came out of the ground also.

Jesse pulled the lollipop out of the ground. After that, he had to get a shawl white next to his butt. Yes. Jesse took the lollipop out of the ground, and the chipmunk started to lick the lollipop. Then it started to dance. Jesse and the robot were watching the chipmunk dance, and Jesse started to copy the chipmunk and danced with his lollipop. Jesse gave the lollipop to the chipmunk, and the lollipop and the chipmunk did a silly dance. The robot that Jesse built copied the chipmunk's dance. Jesse decided to name the robot Hip Monk because he made it cover all the stuff that he put on it and made it into a chick-monk dude.

Jesse covered all of the stuff, and he also got clothes for his robot to wear so that his robot looked like a person. His charging spot didn't have clothes in it because electricity cannot go through clothes. Jesse found a kind of battery that could charge the robot through the robot's clothing. The robot, Jesse would put it to sleep right next to him at night. All you have to do is put a battery, two batteries in a charger, and then put it inside a hole in the wall. And then, bam, you put it in the robot, and then, bam, you're done.

Soon, lots of people who lived in the city next to Jesse's farm became interested in Jesse's robot. All of his friends would come over to play. There was a movie theater about Jesse's robot. The Hip Monk said, "I am going down." Jesse said, "No. Are you going down? In a hole, dude." Jesse decided to put a movie on in his barn for the whole city to watch. All of the kids who lived in the city near Jesse's farm went over to Jesse's barn, and there was a big movie show about Jesse's robot. Jesse told everyone all about his special robot, which was dressed up in people clothing. The robot, as Jesse was talking, was copying him and saying the same thing to all the other kids.

When Jesse said, "Speech," the robot said, "Speech." When he said, "Welcome," the robot said, "Welcome." The kids would say, "How do you work?" to the robot, "I think you're a normal chipmunk." The Hip Monk, who knew how to dance like a chipmunk but was the robot that Jesse built and was wearing clothing, would show them that it could copy those other kids, too. It learned all of the other kids' dances and how to talk like all of the other kids.

The kids were having a lot of fun with the robot, but the parents didn't really know what to do. Jesse decided that he was going to tell everyone at the party that they were all getting a special surprise. Jesse gave all of the kids who went to the party a goodie bag that was full of toys and candy. They all said they had so much fun playing with him. They all went home, and Jesse and his family, when Jonah and Amanda, lived happily ever after. The end.