Aya yiddaya. Welcome to makeup. Showers. My name is Beat with face. Go to makeupsuries.com if you want to join the makeup club. Nayo AI. All right, Jesse, what should tonight's makeup story be about? A robot that can copy people's voice. And it's called the Hitmark because it's a kind of robot that looks like a chicken, and it can dance like this. We are going down. Okay. And Jonah, what do you want to be in the story? Not really anything. Not really anything. Okay. And Jesse, you said that the robot can copy people's voices and copy their dances, and that its name is Hip Monk because it could dance like a chipmunk. That's all it can do. And that's all it can do, except it can walk also, and it can sit on cars. Okay. The Hit Monk, which looks like a chipmunk, copies people's voices, it dances, and it could also walk and sit on cars. Hit Monk means, like, cool guys. Yeah. And hit monk means cool guys. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse. And Jesse lived in a barn, and he slept on a bunch of hay. And there were horses and kitty cats that lived in a barn with him. His parents were farmers, and on the farm, Jesse loved to tinker and experiment with different pieces of metal. For example, there were hammers and there were nails, and there were screws and screwdrivers. And whenever Jesse was playing in the barn, he used to put together different pieces of metal using his tools. And Jesse was excellent at building. One day, when Jesse turned five years old, he built a robot that could talk and could copy people's voices. And guess what? When he goes on a bike way wide for it to charge, he fell down. When he was coming back from his bike ride, he just go too fast, and then oh, yes. And then one of Daddy's friends come, and he was doctor, because that did happen. For real? Yeah. And Jesse fell down on his bike, and Jesse built this robot in the barn that he lived in, and he taught the robot how to copy anybody's voice. And so the robot that Jesse built in the barn started to copy Jesse's voice, and Jesse would say good morning to the robot, and the robot would say good morning to Jesse, and it would sound exactly like Jesse. And then Jesse decided to start teaching the robot some dances. So he put little cameras in the robot's eyes so that the robot could see Jesse. And he started dancing and asked the robot if it could copy him. And the robot started to copy Jesse. So if Jesse started dancing with silly feet, then the robot would also dance with its silly feet. And if Jesse, it would be very silly and do a tumatama tuma toma tuma toma stigu dance. And the robot was able to copy however Jesse danced and whatever Jesse said. One day, Jesse went outside and he was looking in the grass on his farm and he saw there was a little hole in the ground. And Jesse was licking a lollipop. And when he looked in the ground, he saw that it was a chipmunk hole and he wanted the chipmunk to go out of its hole. So Jesse stuck the lollipop in the ground so that the chipmunk would come out. And the chipmunk started licking the lollipop because lollipops are yummy and they have sugar in them. And then Jesse took his lollipop out of the hole in the ground and the chipmunk came out of the ground also. That sounds way better than when Steve was a kid. And he stuck a lollipop into chipmunk hole. And then when he still put it in, then guess what happened. What? It bites his finger like chomp. Yes. And Jesse pulled the lollipop out of the ground. After that, he had to get a shawl white next to his butt. Yes. And Jesse took the lollipop out of the ground and the chipmunk started to lick the lollipop. And then it started to dance. And Jesse and the robot were watching the chipmunk dance and Jesse started to copy the chipmunk and he danced with his lollipop. And then Jesse gave the lollipop to the chipmunk and the lollipop and the chipmunk did a silly dance. And the robot that Jesse built copied the chipmunk's dance. And so Jesse decided to name the robot Hip Monk because he made it covered all the stuff that he put on it and made it into a chick mom dude. Yeah. And Jesse covered all of the stuff. And he also got clothes for his robot to wear so that his robot looked like a person. And his charging spot didn't have clothes in it because electricity cannot go through clothes. But if in that closed, all it can do is go. And so Jesse, when he wanted to charge his robot his robot had to go to sleep during the night and he didn't want to plug it in using regular electricity. So Jesse found a kind of battery that could charge the robot through the robot's clothing. And the robot, Jesse would put it to sleep right next to him at night. All you have to do is put a battery, two batteries in a charger and then put it inside a hole in the wall. And then, bam, you put it in the robot, and then, bam, you're done. Yes. And so that's what Jesse did when he lived on the farm with his robot. And soon, lots of people who lived in the city next to Jesse's farm, they became interested in Jesse's robot. And all of his friends would come over to play. There was a movie theater about Jesse's robot. And the hip monk said, I am going down. And Jesse said no. Are you going down? In a hole, dude. And so Jesse decided to put a movie on in his barn for the whole city to watch. And all of the kids who lived in the city near where Jesse's farm was, they went over to Jesse's barn, and there was a big movie show about Jesse's robot. And Jesse told everyone all about his special robot, which was dressed up in people clothing. And the robot, as Jesse was talking, it was copying him, and it was saying the same thing to all the other kids. When he says speech, the robot said, Speech. And when he said welcome, the robot said, welcome. Yes. So when all the kids were there, Jesse said, welcome. I'm going to make a speech. And the robot said, welcome. I'm going to make a speech. And then after the movie was over, the robot started to talk to all of the different kids because the kids were interested in that robot, and it started to copy their voices. And it also kid says, how do you walk? I think you're just a normal chick monk. And it said, how do you walk? I think you're a normal chick monk. Yes. And yeah, the kids would say, how do you work? To the robot, I think you're a normal chipmunk. And hit monk who knew how to dance like a chipmunk. But was the robot that Jesse built and was wearing clothing, it would show them that it could copy those other kids, too. And it learned all of the other kids dances and how to talk like all of the other kids. The other kids dances, they were flipping the foot and hands. They were going like, I am. Boom. Patomi. Yeah. And they were doing such silly dances. And the kids were having a lot of fun with the robot, but the parents, they didn't really know what to do. And so Jesse decided that he was going to tell everyone at the party that they were all getting a special surprise. And Jesse gave all of the kids who went to the party, what did you give them? You gave them, like, a present full of toys? Yes. He gave them a goodie bag that was full of toys and candy. And they all said they had so much fun playing with him. And they all went home and Jesse and his family when Jonah and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name's Zeke. I live in Whistler. Go to makeupstory.com to join the club. Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup Stories, and I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www dot. Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story then ask your parents to please go to www. Dot Storybird. AI it's really easy to use.