Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Shiadita Jordar, and today I am eight years old. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the makeup club nayo AI. My name is Zoe, and I'm eight years old. And I'd like a story about a magical horse, magical tent, and six kids and two grown ups, and I live in Belmont, Australia, New South Wales. Thank you. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a girl named Zoe who lives in New South Wales, Australia, and who is eight years old. And Zoe asked for us to make up a story that includes a magic horse, a tent, six kids, and two grownups. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Zoe. Zoe was walking down a sidewalk with her mom when she saw that there was a kind of candy hidden under a bush on the side of the sidewalk. Zoe pointed it out to her mom, and Zoe's mom looked, and she saw that the candy had a golden wrapper. Zoe asked her mom if she could go pick up the candy because the wrapper was still on it and it wasn't open. Zoe's mom said that she wasn't sure. Zoe told her mom that she would just go to the bush and bend down and stick her hand under the bush, and she would grab the candy with the golden wrapper to look at it. Zoe's mom said okay. So Zoe got the candy that had a golden wrapper. When she picked it up, she saw that it had a picture of a raffle ticket on it. Zoe asked her mom why the candy had a raffle ticket picture on it, and her mom said she didn't know but that Zoe could open it up. Zoe opened up the golden candy wrapper, and once she opened it up, she saw that there were some words on the raffle ticket. The words on the raffle ticket said, Write your name here, and Zoe asked her mom if she had a pen. Zoe's mom gave Zoe a pen, and Zoe wrote her name on the raffle ticket. Then she turned over the raffle ticket to the other side. On the other side of the raffle ticket, it showed a picture of a helium balloon floating in the air, and it said, Put this raffle ticket in a helium balloon. Zoe asked her mom if they could go to a store to get a helium balloon. And Zoe's mom said okay. So they went to a big store that had so many balloons and party decorations and bounce houses and cotton candy machines and lots of different kinds of colorful napkins. Zoe told her mom that they needed to get a helium balloon, so they picked out a big blue helium balloon with the picture of a bird on it. And then before the person in the store could blow up the balloon with helium, which helps balloons float in the air, zoe put her raffle ticket in the balloon. Then they blew up the balloon with helium and then the raffle ticket was inside the balloon. Zoe went outside with her mom. Zoe was holding the balloon. Suddenly, as Zoe was outside, a big wind came and the wind blew the balloon out of Zoe's hands. Zoe was kind of sad because that's where her raffle ticket was. But Zoe saw that it was starting to get windy and the balloon with the raffle ticket inside of it was getting picked up by the wind. And the wind was behaving kind of strangely. First, the wind was blowing in one direction to the right and it carried the helium balloon over some houses above New South Wales, Australia. And the balloon kept floating. But instead of going up to the clouds, suddenly there was a big bird with humongous wings that were as big as a car. And the bird saw the helium balloon and it grabbed the helium balloon and it started to carry it. Zoe didn't know what was going on because she never saw a balloon floating away and then a bird grabbing it. But there the bird was. The bird grabbed the balloon, and Zoe could see that the bird was flying through the sky all the way to a barn on the other side of town. Zoe told her mom, quick, let's go back in the car and we'll go to the barn to see why the bird picked up the helium balloon with a raffle ticket and brought it through the sky all the way to the barn. Zoe's mom said, okay because they also didn't know what the raffle ticket did. So Zoe and her mom drove across town all the way to the barn. When they got to the barn, they saw that there were some horses inside the barn. And next to the barn, there was a big tent. And the tent was made of gold and it had a bunch of star stickers on it. Zoe went with her mom to the barn. When they got to the barn, they saw that there was a monkey dressed as a person that opened up the barn. The monkey couldn't talk, and it was a regular monkey, but it was wearing pants. The monkey had pajama shirt on, and the monkey was also wearing rainboots, even though it was sunny outside. The monkey held Zoe's hand and Zoe held her mom's hand. And Zoe and the monkey and her mom walked through the barn until they got to the other side where the bird with the balloon and the raffle ticket was once the monkey. And Zoe and her mom got to the end of the barn and they saw that there was the bird with the raffle ticket. The bird flew right over to Zoe and it popped the balloon. And the balloon made a big sound that scared Zoe at first, and then she saw the raffle ticket fall out. Now the raffle ticket looked a little bit different. It wasn't just gold, but it looked like there were kinds of teeny, tiny fireworks that were coming out of the raffle ticket. And so Zoe picked up the raffle ticket, and then the monkey held Zoe and her mom's hand again. And the monkey and Zoe and Zoe's mom walked all the way to the golden tent on the other side of the barn. When they got to the golden tent on the other side of the barn, there was a voice. And the voice said, do you know the password? And Zoe asked her mom if she knew the password. Zoe's mom said no. But then the monkey pointed to the raffle ticket, and Zoe could see that the raffle ticket had a password on it. And Zoe looked at the password, and she tried to read the letters, and she saw that it said ESO. It was kind of like her name Zoe, but it was backwards. ESO. So she said, ESO. And suddenly, as she said the secret password, the tent, the golden tent started to float in the air, and it got bigger and bigger until it was about the size of a circus tent. And then a ladder or rope ladder fell down from the tent. And the voice inside the tent told Zoe to climb up the ladder with her mom and to enter the golden tent because the raffle ticket, the one that she found in the candy next to the bush, was the only way anyone could get in the tent. You needed the raffle ticket. So Zoe held her raffle ticket, and she said, ESO. And the rope ladder was so safe and sturdy, she climbed up it with her mom, and they entered the tent. When they entered the tent, they saw that there was a big copy machine. The copy machine looked kind of like a refrigerator, but you walked into the refrigerator, and there was no food inside it. And there were no shelves in the refrigerator, so it was big enough for a grown up and a kid. First, Zoe walked in the refrigerator, and when she got out the other side, she saw that she turned into six different Zoeys. There were, like, people copies. It was very strange. And all of the six Zoe's said at the same time, what? There's six Zoe's. And then Zoe's mom walked into the refrigerator copy machine, and Zoe's mom opened up the door to go out. And suddenly Zoe had two moms. There was a copy of her mom Zoe. All of the six Zoe's and all of her moms were like, what just happened? And the Zoe's thought it was so funny because now they could do kind of tricks. Like, one Zoe could go to school, while the other Zoe would play, and a different Zoe would go to a candy store, and a different Zoe would play with her friends. So they could do all sorts of different things. And Zoe's mom also said, hey, now one of me could stay home and help with bedtime and breakfast and stuff, and the other of me could just go have fun. And they started to have a party in the tent. The tent was a really special tent. And when they got out of the tent, there was no more rope ladder. There was just a slide to go down. And they slid down the slide first, the first Zoe, and then the second Zoe, and all six Zoe's, and then Zoe's mom and her other mom, the copy of her first mom. They got out of the tent, and they saw that the bird that was carrying the raffle ticket turned into a horse. And Zoe asked the horse where the raffle ticket went, and Zoe said, Now I know where it secretly is. Because the horse pointed to Zoe's pocket and she had the raffle ticket hidden in her pocket, so that if she ever wanted to go back to the tent to make even more copies of her or her friends or her dad, then she knew how to get back in. And Zoe and her mom and all of the other Zoe's decided to take two cars back home that day because they didn't fit in one. And Zoe and her family lived happily ever after the end of that night. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Go to Makeup stories.com if you want to be on the podcast. Tell your friends.