Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old girl named Sophie. Sometimes, Sophie's dad and Sophie's mom would push Sophie and her little brother Mario in a stroller. One day, while they were in the stroller, her father let go of the stroller, and it started rolling down a hill by itself with her little brother. Sophie's dad tried to catch up to the stroller to stop it, but it was too late. The stroller entered a magic forest.

When they looked at the magic forest, Sophie decided they should get out of the stroller. So she unstrapped herself from the stroller, and she also unstrapped her little brother Mario. And then her dad caught up and held their hands. Sophie looked around at the magic forest, and she had never seen anything so special. The trees in the magic forest grew upside down, and the leaves and the branches were on the bottom of the tree, and the big trunk and the roots went up into the clouds. There were squirrels that lived in the trees in little squirrel houses. Instead of jumping from tree to tree, these squirrels used to fly like birds, and they had little wings attached to their squirrel bodies while the whole forest was on a kind of sandy beach. But the sand on this beach was not regular sand color. It was pink, and it was made of sugar.

Sophie looked around, and she saw that there were a lot of grownups in the forest. But the grownups in the forest looked like toddlers. They would wear regular grown-up clothing and regular grown-up shoes. But they would wear diapers, and they would look like toddlers. They were little. And Sophie had never seen grownups that looked like toddlers and wore diapers in a magic forest. And they were smart, and they knew how to invent things. They told Sophie, "Sophie, don't let your brother Mario eat too much of the sand because it's made of pink sugar, and he'll get a tummy ache." And Sophie said okay.

Just as she said that, she saw next to one of the upside-down trees where the leaves and the branches were on the ground, and the roots were on the top. There were some bunny rabbits that were digging sandcastles. The bunny rabbits were really, really good diggers because bunny rabbits have to practice digging to make holes underground. And they were digging all of the pink sugar sand away and making a big princess bunny rabbit castle.

There were also dogs in this forest. The dogs in this forest had an extra two legs. The dogs had six legs, and they could go so fast. They were able to go even faster than a cheetah because they had six legs. The dogs in this forest, the Magic Forest, loved to eat ice cream. There would be big buckets full of ice cream and different flavors of ice cream. There was vanilla ice cream, and there was strawberry-flavored ice cream and caramel ice cream and chocolate ice cream. The grownups, who looked like toddlers, used to have leashes for the dogs. The dogs would give the grownups doggy rides. That's how the grownups in this forest that looked like toddlers were able to get around. The grownups would let the doggies have some yummy ice cream after they got a doggy ride.

Well, Sophie's brother Mario didn't listen to Sophie, and he started to eat some of the pink sand. He said that his tummy was hurting. Just as he said that, Sophie saw that Mario was growing and getting bigger. He was getting so big that her little brother Mario was turning into a baby giant. He was as big as one of the trees, the upside-down trees in the Magic Forest. But Mario wasn't upside down. Sophie and Sophie's dad told Mario, "Hey, why don't you dig because you're so big and your hands are so big. Now, I bet you could dig and find something special." So Mario said, "Okay." And he started to dig with his big giant hands through the pink sugary sand. He stopped eating it because he didn't want his tummy to hurt anymore. He found a seashell. The seashell was not a little seashell. In fact, it was so big that it was bigger than Mario, and it was in the shape of a spaceship.

Sophie yelled up to her little brother Mario, who was now a baby giant. She said, "Mario, turn the seashell rocket ship around, because I need to see inside." Mario turned it around, and Sophie looked inside. She saw a crab inside. The crab was the captain of the rocket ship. The crab had an astronaut suit on. Sophie asked her dad what they could do. Her dad said, "Well, since this is such a big seashell and it's big enough for us to go in and even for your baby brother Mario, who's now a giant and he's not really a baby, but he's a little kid, it's big enough for them to all go in, that they should go in and blast off into space." Sophie said okay.

So they asked the captain, who was a crab dressed up as an astronaut for permission. He said, "Okay." And then they started to do the final countdown, and they said, "Three, two, one, blast off." The seashell rocket ship blasted off into space. When it got all the way to the planets, it saw that some of the planets were also made of seashells. Sophie said that this was so nice. But you know what was happening when they were in outer space? Mario, her brother, got smaller again because he was so far from the Pink Magic Sugar, and he got smaller and turned into a regular kid again.

Sophie told the crab, who was the captain of the Seashell Rocket ship, that it was time for them to go back. The crab flew back down to Earth, and when they got close to the ground, he deployed a parachute so they could float down. When they got back down, they got to the Magic Forest with the beach. Sophie's dad said, "Mario, let's not eat anymore, because when you go home, if you keep eating, you're not even going to fit through the front door, and your bed is going to be too small for you." Mario said okay. So Sophie and Mario and their dad went back to their house, and they decided they would visit the Magic Forest another day. Sophie and Mario and her dad lived happily ever after. The end.