Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a school called Wanika Primary School, and it was a day for a field trip. All the kids in year two were going on a school bus to go on the field trip. The school bus had lots of seats, and there weren't even seatbelts on the seats. So kids just sat down, and the school bus driver started to drive on the road. As they were driving, one of the kids, named Henry, noticed a car accident on the side of the road. The car accident involved three old ladies who crashed into a tree, climbed up the tree, and got stuck there. The tree had fallen right on top of the road.

So the school bus couldn't go any further, and their teacher, Pippa, told all the kids to get out of the bus. All the kids in Jonah's class got out of the bus. One of the old ladies in the tree said, "Help, help." All the kids looked at the old ladies in the tree and asked, "How can we help?" The old ladies told them that they needed umbrellas. They planned to jump down from the tree while holding umbrellas, which would act like parachutes so they would go down slowly. But they needed two umbrellas each to be safe. Luckily, Wanika Primary School always kept umbrellas in their school buses in case it rained. So the bus driver got some umbrellas and gave them to the ladies. The ladies jumped down from the tree, but their plan didn't work, and they fell to the ground. It was a lucky thing that the ladies were wearing soft, cushiony sneakers because they landed on their feet without getting hurt.

Then they said, "Well, how are we going to get home now?" The kids decided that the old ladies could go on the bus with them. So the bus driver told all the kids that they were all going to have to help carry the tree off the road. A tree is too heavy for one person to carry, but if you have lots of different kids and some grown-ups at the same time, then people could move a tree. So all 270 kids held onto the tree and lifted it off the road, and they put it on the side of the road. Then they got back in the bus, and the old ladies sat down in the bus too, and they continued to their field trip.

They finally arrived at their field trip, which was a zoo without gates in the middle of a forest. The zoo had animals from all over the world, but no dangerous animals like lions or tigers. Part of the zoo was an ice skating rink where people and penguins could skate. The ice skating rink was very cold and meant only for professional ice skaters. The teachers told the kids that they were going to get lessons on how to ice skate. The kids were unsure, especially when they saw the ice skating rink start to spin in circles. They realized why you had to be an expert-level ice skater to go on this ice skating rink.

But one of the old ladies told the kids that she used to be in the Olympics, and when she was younger, she was the best ice skater in the whole world. She said that if they went with her, even though she was old, she could still teach them how to ice skate. One of the kids, named Jonah, said, "I'll go, but only if I can hold my friend Arthur's hand." Arthur agreed, but only if he could hold his friend Henry's hand. All the kids decided to hold hands together, making one big line of kids all holding each other's hands. They all put on ice skates and started to ice skate together, holding onto each other's hands as the ice skating rink spun around. Suddenly, the ice skating rink tilted, and all the kids fell underground into a big hole.

In the hole, they found some secret animals, including sloths that lived under the ice skating rink. The sloths moved very slowly and had sharp claws. They could move fast on ice or when swimming. The kids saw that the sloths were watching a show, impressed by how fast kids could go. The sloths told the kids that they had to stay underground forever and teach the sloths how to move quickly. The kids were stuck underground with one of the old ladies, and none of their teachers.

The old lady, who used to be in the Olympics, said she could also be a superhero. Sloths love superheroes because they go so slow and have no magic, so they wanted to believe in superheroes. The sloths agreed to let the kids and the old lady go back to the top of the ice skating rink. When they got to the top, their teachers were waiting.

The teachers had a giant toothbrush with a button on it that said, "Caught you." One of the teachers brushed the sloth's teeth, making it laugh and promise never to capture kids again. The kids slid off the ice skating rink and went back to the bus. They all lived happily ever after. The end.