Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a school called Wanika Primary School, and it was a day for a field trip. So all of the kids that were in the year two were going on a school bus to go on the field trip. The school bus had lots of seats, and there weren't even seatbelts on the seats. So kids just got to sit down, and the school bus driver started to drive on the road. As they were driving down the road, one of the kids, whose name was Henry, noticed that there was a car accident on the side of the road. The car accident happened to be three old ladies who got into a crash, then climbed up a tree, and they got stuck in the tree. The three old ladies' car had crashed into a tree, and the tree fell down. The old ladies didn't want to stay in the car, so they climbed on top of the tree, and the tree fell right on top of the road.

So the school bus that Jonah's class was in couldn't go anymore, so their teacher, Pippa, told all of the kids to go out of the school bus, and all of the kids in Jonah's class went out of the school bus. One of the old ladies who was in the tree said, "Help, help." All of the kids looked at the old ladies in the tree and they said, "How could we help?" The old ladies told them that the kids needed to bring them umbrellas. The old ladies were going to jump down from the tree while they were holding umbrellas. The umbrellas would kind of act like parachutes so that they would go down slowly. But umbrellas are just going to go up. Yeah. And that's why they had to hold each of them held an umbrella in each of their hands because if you just use an umbrella to jump down, that's not really safe. But the old ladies had an idea that they would try to use two umbrellas, one in each hand, so that they would go more slowly. And luckily, the Wanika Primary School always kept umbrellas in their school buses in case it rained. So the bus driver got some umbrellas and gave them to the ladies. The ladies jumped down from the tree, but their plan didn't work, and they fell splat on the ground. It was a really lucky thing that the ladies were wearing such smushy sneakers because if they weren't wearing such cushy smushy sneakers, then they would have gotten boo boos. But they all landed on their feet.

Then they said, "Well, how are we going to get home now?" And the kids decided that the old ladies could go on the bus with them. So the bus driver told all of the kids that they were all going to have to help carry the tree off of the road. A tree is too heavy for one person to carry, but if you have lots of different kids carrying it and some grown-ups at the same time, then people could move a tree. So all of the 270 kids held onto the tree and lifted it off the middle of the road, and they put it on the side of the road. Then they got back in the bus, and the old ladies were sitting down in the bus too, and they kept going to their field trip.

They finally got to their field trip, and their field trip was a zoo that had no gates in it. The zoo was in the middle of a forest, and it had animals from all over the world. They didn't have any really dangerous animals like lions or tigers. In part of the zoo was like an ice skating rink that people were ice skating on. But it had to be only professionals because penguins walked about there too. The ice skating part of the zoo was a big, really cold piece of ice. It was so cold that it looked like smoke, like cold smoke, was coming out of the ice skating rink. There were penguins that would skip and slide all over the ice skating rink, and professionals could go on it if they were like a pro. It was meant only for professional ice skaters, for people. But the teachers told the kids that today they were going to get lessons for how to ice skate. And the kids were like, "Well, we're not so sure about that." And just as they said that, they saw that the whole ice skating rink started to turn around in circles. And that's when they realized why you had to be an expert-level ice skater to go on this ice skating rink. And the kids weren't so sure.

But one of the old ladies told the kids that she used to be in the Olympics, and when she was younger, she was the best ice skater in the whole world, and that if they went with her, even though she was so old, she could still kind of teach them how to ice skate. One of the kids, whose name was Jonah, said, "I'll go, but only if I could hold my friend Arthur's hand." And Arthur was like, "I don't know about that." And Arthur decided that he would only go if he would hold his friend Henry's hand. And all of the kids decided to hold hands together. They would make one big line of kids all holding each other's hands. And that's what they did. They all put on ice skates and they started to ice skate together, holding onto each other's hand as the whole ice skating rink was turning about. And just as they did that, it started to tilt. The whole ice skating rink started to like, half of it went high up and the other half went low down. And all of the kids fell underground into a big hole.

In the hole, that's where they must have kept the secret animals because there were some sloths that lived under the ice skating rink. The sloths moved so slowly, and sloths have like, really sharp claws. The way that sloths can move fast is if they move on ice or swim because if they move on ice, then they could just skate under claws. So when all of the kids fell under the ice skating rink, they saw that there were sloths that were kind of watching a show. And the show that the sloths were watching, they were watching a kid, just 10 mph on the ground. And they were like, "Wow, yeah, 10 mph is actually pretty fast." But the sloths were really impressed by how fast kids could go. And so the sloths told all of the kids that they had to stay there underground forever, and they had to teach the sloths how to move quickly. And the kids could never escape, and they had to stay there. And the teachers, well, they didn't fall down under the ground because the teachers were they didn't put on ice skates to begin with. So all of the kids were stuck underground.

What about us? That one of the three old ladies. Yeah, but one of the old ladies was with them. And so the kids were stuck underground with one of the old ladies, and none of their teachers and the sloths were saying, "You have to teach us how to ice skate. And not just ice skate, but also go fast, like run as fast as kids." And the kids were like, they had to think of a trick for how to get out of there. And so they decided that they would tell the sloth a little bit of something that was like kind of a trick. And the one who told them was Jonah. Jonah told the sloth, "We will teach you how to go fast if you open up the ice skating rink again and you show us how to get back on the ice skating rink. And then when we get to the top, there's an old lady, this person who's with us that used to be in the Olympics, and she knows how to go so fast she could teach even a sloth." And the sloth wasn't sure if Jonah was telling the truth. And that's when the old lady, she took off her glasses, and she said that she could also be a superhero. And sloths love superheroes because sloths go so slow, and they have no magic whatsoever that they really wanted to believe in superheroes. So they looked into the old lady's eyes, and they said, "Okay." And they opened up the secret compartment that let you get back to the top of the ice skating rink. And they went up with the old lady and all of the kids from Wanika Primary School. And when they got to the top, their teachers were waiting.

The teachers had a giant, giant toothbrush. And the toothbrush had a button on it. And when you pressed the button on the toothbrush, it said, "Caught you." And that's exactly what they did. One of the teachers put the toothbrush right by the sloth's mouth and started saying, "Oh, we're just going to brush your teeth." And the sloth opened its mouth because sometimes if you brush your teeth, sometimes it doesn't feel nice, but sometimes it could kind of tickle. And the sloth wanted it to tickle. And so the teacher, Pippa, brushed the sloth's teeth, and the sloth thought it was so funny that he said that they would never capture kids again. And the kids slid on their tushies, on their butts off of the ice skating rink, and they went back to the bus, and there was a giant one that took its arms out and grabbed the sloth and threw it straight in there. Yes. And the sloth one near. And all of the kids lived happily ever after. The end.