Once upon a time, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse, who lived in a town where all the houses were made of really big popsicle sticks. The whole town was like a giant playground. A giant had built many popsicle stick houses that were big enough for people but way too small for a giant. All the people, like Jonah, Jesse, their parents, and their friends, who lived in the popsicle stick town, were like pets for the giant. The giant let them walk around the town, but there was an electric fence around it, so the people couldn't get out.

The giant brought food into the town using a balloon. He would pop the balloon, and the food would fall out into the center of the town. The people would come running out of their popsicle stick houses to get the food. The giant had a giant-sized water gun, which he used to squirt water into a pool in the town. When people wanted water, they had to bring their buckets, dip them into the pool, and then carry the water to their houses.

Sometimes the giant was nice and put treats inside the balloons. But most of the time, the people in the town didn't really like living there because the giant made them put on so many shows. The giant always wanted the people to make a people circus, where they had to do hula hoop tricks and acrobat tricks just for the giant to watch. When the giant watched, he would laugh and sneeze. A regular person's sneeze isn't so bad, but when a giant sneezes, it's like a hurricane. It creates so much wind that it sometimes blew down the popsicle stick houses.

As Jonah and Jesse grew up, they kept asking their parents if there was a way to sneak out of the town. They wanted to live with regular people and not in a popsicle stick house. They couldn't even take showers or baths. The only thing they could do was pour buckets of water over their heads. Their dad, Steve, and their mom, Amanda, said, "Jonah and Jesse, we're sorry, but there's no way for us to get out of this town because we're all stuck. There's an electric fence around it, and we tried digging, but under the ground is just a table made of marble, and you can't dig through marble."

Jonah decided to think of a way. He had a secret meeting with Jesse one day. He said, "Jesse, I have an idea." Jesse said, "What's the idea?" Jonah said, "When the giant brings us food, it's in a balloon that he pops. So there's still part of the rubber from the balloon on the ground. Maybe we could save up the empty balloons and use some glue to glue the balloon back together. Then we could blow up the balloon and attach it to the popsicle stick house and float away in the balloon." Jesse said, "Only helium would float in a balloon. Regular air wouldn't float so much." Jonah said, "Okay, how about we take the rubber from the balloon and put it over the electric fence? Electricity doesn't really go through rubber. This way, we could hop over the electric fence and then we will get out."

Jonah told his dad and his mom about his secret escape plan, and they decided to wait until nighttime when the giant wasn't looking to escape the popsicle stick town. That night, Jonah, Jesse, and their parents put on their pajamas (except for Steve, who wore his regular clothes) and snuck out of their popsicle stick house. They had the balloon and put it over the electric fence. It worked! There was no zapping at all, and they got over the electric fence.

On the other side of the electric fence, they stepped in a big pile of sand and heard the giant snoring. A giant's snore sounds like thunder. Jesse thought there was a storm coming and told everyone to stop. But Jonah told Jesse that it was okay because the giant was just sleeping. They decided to keep going through the sand.

That's when they found the giant's shoes. Jesse and Jonah started to climb over the giant's shoes, but Jonah's foot got caught in the giant's shoelace. Steve helped get Jonah's foot out, and Jesse and Amanda crawled over the other foot until they got to the other side of the giant. When they got to the other side, they saw a red marker lying down. The marker was too big for one person to pick up because it was a giant's marker, not a person's. Jesse asked his dad and mom if they could both help pick up the marker. They picked it up together and drew a red dot on the giant's shoe.

It turned out that the marker was magic. The red dot quickly spread and grew, turning the whole giant's shoe red. The giant was wearing his shoe, and guess what happened? The giant got smaller! The magic marker made the giant the same size as Jonah and Jesse, and he was still sleeping. But now the giant wasn't a giant anymore; he was the size of a regular person. Jonah and Jesse took a close look at the giant and realized that he was really a kid, not a grown-up.

Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda didn't know what to do next. Should they wake up the now-regular-sized giant and tell him to let all the people escape from the popsicle stick town? Or should they sneak the giant into the town and make him live where he made everyone else live? Or should they continue to escape? They decided to have a family meeting to discuss the problem.

During the meeting, Jesse saw a green marker nearby. He said, "How about we write down our plan using the green marker?" When Jesse opened the green marker and started writing with it, something amazing happened. Jesse became a giant, and then Jonah became a giant, and then Steve became a giant, and then Amanda became a giant. I would tell you what happened after they all became giants, but the story is getting a little long, so I'll have to tell you another time. Jesse Giant, Steve Giant, Amanda Giant, and Jonah Giant lived happily ever after. The end.