Yiddi. Diana. Welcome to made up stories. My name is Noah. Made Up Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends a okay, Jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? A dot that when you make other dots that are red, then it just comes together like humongous dot. A dot that when you make other dots that are red, it comes together to make you humongous dot. And, Jonah, what do you want the story to be about? I want the story to be about the same thing. But this dot is a green dot. It's a lot bigger. Okay, jonah wants there to be a green dot also that's a lot bigger than the red dot. Once upon a time, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse, and Jonah and Jesse lived in a town where all of the houses were made of really big popsicle sticks. And the whole town was kind of like part of a giant playground. The giant had built, like, a bunch of popsicle stick houses that were big enough for people but were way too small for a giant. And all of the people like Jonah and Jesse and their parents and their friends, all of the people who lived in a popsicle stick town were like pets for the giant. And the giant would let them walk around the town. But all around the town, there was an electrical fence so the people couldn't get out. And the way that the giant brought food into the town is he had, like, a balloon, and he would pop the balloon, and the food would fall out of the balloon into the center of the town. And then the people would come running out of their popsicle stick houses to get the food. And with water. The giant had, like, a water gun that was giant size, and he would squirt it into a pool that was in the popsicle stick house. And then when people wanted water, they would have to bring their buckets and dip their buckets into the pool and then bring it to their houses. And in the town, sometimes the giant was nice, and he would put, like, treats inside of the balloons. And sometimes he also left some candy and stuff. But most of the time, the people that lived in this town, they didn't really love to be in the popsicle stick town because the giant made them put on so many shows. Like, for example, the giant always wanted the people who lived in the popsicle stick town to make a people circus, where they had to do so many hula hoop tricks and acrobat tricks just for the giant to watch. And whenever the giant watched, he would think it's so funny, and he would sneeze. And a regular person sneeze is not so bad. But when a giant sneezes, it's like a hurricane. It is so much wind, and sometimes it even blew down the popsicle stick houses. And so Jonah and Jesse, when they grew up, they kept asking their parents, like, is there a way that we could sneak out of this town? Because they wanted to just live with regular people and not in a popsicle stick house. And they couldn't even take showers, and they couldn't even take baths. The only thing that they could do is pour buckets of water over their heads. And so their dad, Steve and their mom Amanda said, jonah and Jesse, we're sorry, but there's no way for us to get out of this town because we're all stuck. And there's an electric fence around it. And we tried digging, but under the ground is just this table made of marble, and you can't dig through marble. And Jonah decided that he would think of a way. And so he had a secret meeting with Jesse one day. And he said, Jesse, I have an idea. And Jesse said, what's the idea? And Jonah said, well, when the giant brings us food, it's in a balloon that he pops. And so there's still part of the rubber from the balloon that's like on the ground. Maybe what we could do is we could save up the empty balloons and we could use some glue to glue the balloon back together. And then we could blow up the balloon and then attach Yeban. Or since electricity can't go through rubble, they could put the rubble over the electric fence and it won't work. Yeah. So Jonah said, one thing they could do is blow up the balloon and then attach the balloon to the popsicle stick house and then float away in the balloon. And Jesse said, well, only helium would float in a balloon. Like regular air wouldn't float so much. And Jonah said, okay, well, how about we take the rubber from the balloon and put it over the electric fence? And then electricity doesn't really go through rubber. And so this way we could hop over the electric fence and then we will get out. And Jonah told his dad and his mom that he had that secret escape plan and that they should wait till it was nighttime and the giant wasn't looking for them to escape the popsicle stick town. Well, that night, Jonah and his parents, and also Jesse got on their pajamas. And Steve doesn't really wear pajamas, so he just wore his regular clothing. And they snuck out of their popsicle stick house. And when they snuck out of their popsicle stick house, they had the balloon. And they put the balloon over the electric fence and it worked. And there was no zapping at all. And they got over the electric fence. When they got on the other side of the electric fence, they were stepping in a big pile of sand and they could hear that the giant was snoring. Now, when a regular person snores, it can make like kind of some noise, but it's not so noisy. When a giant snores, it sounds more like thunder. And so Jesse thought that there was about to be a storm that was coming, and he told everyone that they should stop. But Jonah told Jesse that it's okay because the giant was just sleeping. And then they decided to keep going through the sand. And that is when they found the giant's shoes. And Jesse and Jonah started to climb over the top of the giant's shoes, but Jonah's foot got caught in the giant's shoelace. And so Steve helped get Jonah's foot out of the giant's shoelace, and Jesse and Amanda crawled over the other foot until they got to the other side of the giant. When they got to the other side of the giant, they saw that the giant had a red marker laying down. And the marker was pretty big, so it was too big for one person to pick up because it was a giant's marker, not a person's. And Jesse asked his dad and his mom if they could both help pick up the marker. And both of them picked it up at the same time. And they drew a red dot on the giant's shoe. Well, it turned out that that was a magic marker. And the red dot quickly spread, and it grew, and it turned the whole giant's shoe really red. And the giant was wearing his shoe. And do you know what happened, Jesse? It made the giant get smaller. And so it turned out that that magic marker made the giant get to be the same size as Jonah and Jesse, and he was still sleeping. But now the giant wasn't giant anymore. It was the size of a regular person. And Jonah and Jesse took a close look at the giant, and they could tell that the giant was really a kid. They always thought that the giant was like a grown up. And Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda now they really didn't know what to do because should they wake up the giant now that it was regular size and tell it that it had to let all the people escape from the popsicle stick town? Or should they sneak the giant into the popsicle stick town and make him live where he made everyone else live? Or should they continue to escape? And they decided to have a family meeting to discuss this problem, and so they had a family meeting to discuss it. And during the meeting, jesse saw that there was a green marker right next to them. And Jesse said, well, how about we write down our plan using the green marker? And when Jesse opened up the green marker and he started writing with it, do you know what happened? Jesse became a giant, and then Jonah became a giant, and then Steve became a giant, and then Amanda became a giant. And I would tell you what happened after all of them became a giant. But the story is getting a little long, so I'll have to tell you another time. And Jesse Giant, steve Giant, amanda Giant and Jonah Giant lived happily ever after. The end. Thank you for listening to Make Duck Stories. I am Peaching. I am go to makeup store.com. Enjoy the club. Join the club. That tell your friends.