Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived in a rocket ship and were on their way from planet Earth to one of Jupiter's moons. On that moon, there were special tunnels with magical things that helped people live forever. Jonah and Jesse were born on the rocket ship and grew bigger and bigger as they traveled to Jupiter.

One day, as they were on their way, Jesse looked out the window of the rocket ship and saw the giant planet of Jupiter. But there was a big problem! An alien bug with laser beams shooting out of its eyes was aiming right at Jupiter's moons. Jesse called Jonah to come look. Jonah saw the giant alien that looked like an ant and the big laser beams coming from its eyes, aiming directly at Jupiter.

Jonah and Jesse knew they couldn't go to Jupiter's moons anymore. Just as they realized they needed to go somewhere else, the ant alien turned around and looked right at their rocket ship. Jesse said they needed to escape, so he told Jonah to turn on the invisibility cloak. Jonah searched the rocket ship but couldn't find the button to make them invisible. Just as the ant alien was about to turn on its laser beam, Jesse found the button hidden behind one of his teddy bears. He pushed it just in time, and the ant alien couldn't find their rocket ship. Jesse and Jonah were safe at last.

They decided to turn their rocket ship around and head back to Earth. After many years, they got closer to Earth and saw that it had fallen apart. It broke into many pieces because one of those ant aliens had zapped it with its eye laser beams. Jesse and Jonah didn't know where to go since they couldn't go to Earth or Jupiter's moon. They decided they would have to live forever in their rocket ship. Jesse told Jonah they would be so lonely.

They went to sleep, but there was no nighttime or daytime in space. They had a chicken as their alarm clock that would say "cock-a-doodle-doo" every 24 hours. One day, they woke up feeling lonely and looked out the window of the rocket ship.

This time, they saw a giant in an even bigger rocket ship. The giant was crying and looked so sad. Jesse and Jonah thought they should go see if the giant wanted to be friends. They aimed their rocket ship towards the giant, and when he saw them through his window, he smiled a little. Jesse told Jonah they should attach their rocket ship to the giant's and ask if they could go inside. That's what they did.

The giant let them inside his rocket ship, where they found many fun games. Jonah asked the giant why he was sad and crying. The giant told them he lived on Mars, but Mars had exploded too. He had no home and was just floating through space. Jesse said everyone was just floating through space, and the giant agreed that sometimes it felt that way.

Jesse and Jonah asked the giant if he wanted to play a game. The giant said he liked to play chess, but the pieces were made of pretzels. They took turns moving the pretzels, and you could take the other player's pretzel if your piece could go on top of it. Jesse and Jonah wanted to play, but they didn't have any pretzels.

The giant showed them a special machine on his rocket ship that could invent anything. All they had to do was press a button, put something inside, and think of what they wanted it to turn into. Jesse put his shoe in the machine and turned it into bug spray. He told the giant to spray the bug spray in space so the ant aliens with laser eyes wouldn't be mean anymore. The giant did, and the ant aliens got scared and left.

One ant alien tried to get the giant's rocket ship, but the bug spray went into its eyes, and its laser zapped backward. The ant became tiny. Jesse told the giant they needed to fix the planets, so he put his other shoe in the machine and turned it into a giant screw that could fix planets. The giant used a giant screwdriver to put all the pieces of the planets back together. Jesse, Jonah, and the giant made their way to Jupiter's moon, where they lived happily ever after. The end.