Yiddi. Diana my name is Aliana makeup show is the best podcast ever. I listen to it every night. Tell your friends. Okay, jesse, do you know what you want tonight's story to be about? A squirrel. That when someone holds it, it horns big and it can squirrel a whole entire earth together. A screw. That when somebody holds it, it could screw the whole entire earth together. That would be one very big screw. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and jesse. It was in the future. And jonah and jesse lived in a rocket ship. And they were on their way from the planet earth all the way to one of the moons of jupiter. Because in that moon of Jupiter, there were special tunnels where there were lots of special things that helped people live forever. And jonah and jesse were born on that rocket ship. And they got bigger and bigger as they spent the time going to Jupiter. Well, as they were on their way to Jupiter, jesse looked out the window of his rocket ship and he saw the giant planet of jupiter in front of him. And unfortunately, there was a big problem because there was an alien bug that had laser beams that it was shooting out of its eyes. And the laser beams were aimed right to Jupiter's moons. And Jesse told jonah to come look. And jonah went over to the window of the rocket ship and he saw the giant alien that looked like an ant and the big laser beams that were going out of its eyes and aiming directly to the planet of jupiter. And jonah and jesse said that they were not going to be able to go to the moons of jupiter any longer. And suddenly, just as they realized they would need to go somewhere else, the ant alien that was in space turned around and it looked right at jonah and jesse's rocket ship. Jesse said that they would need to escape. And so he told jonah to turn on the invisibility cloak. And jonah looked around the rocket ship and he couldn't find the button to press that would make the rocket ship invisible. And the ant alien was about to turn on its laser beam when suddenly jesse found the button. It was hidden behind one of his teddy bears. And he pushed the button just in time. And the ant alien couldn't find his rocket ship. So jesse and jonah were safe at last. They decided to turn their rocket ship around and they started going through outer space all the way back to earth. Finally, after a lot of years, when they got closer to earth, jonah and jesse saw that earth had fallen apart. It broke into a lot of pieces because one of those ant aliens had zapped it with its eye laser beams. And jesse and jonah didn't know where they could go because they couldn't go to Earth and they couldn't go to the moon of Jupiter. And so they decided they were going to have to live forever in that rocket ship. And Jesse told Jonah that they were going to be so lonely. Well, they went to sleep. And there was no nighttime and daytime because it's not like the rocket ship spins around the sun. So it was always the same dark and the same light. And they didn't know when to go to sleep and when to wake up. So they would have to have a chicken that was their alarm clock, say cockle doodle do at the same time every 24 hours. And they woke up and the chickens said cockle doodle do. And Jesse and Jonah were getting really lonely when they looked out the window of the rocket ship. This time, they saw that there was a giant. And the giant was in an even bigger rocket ship. And the giant was crying. And the giant looked so sad. And Jesse and Jonah said, maybe we should go to the giant and see if he wants to be friends. So they aimed their rocket ship to the giant. And when the giant saw them through his giant rocket ship window, he smiled a little bit. And Jesse told Jonah that they should attach their rocket ship to the giant's rocket ship and they should ask the giant if they could go inside it. And so that's what they did. The giant said that they could go inside his rocket ship. And when they got inside his rocket ship, jesse and Jonah found that there were a lot of fun games. Jonah asked the giant why he was sad and why he was crying. And the giant told Jonah and Jesse that he lived on Mars, but Mars got exploded also. And he said he had no home and he was just floating through space. And Jesse said everyone is just floating through space. And the giant said sometimes it does feel that way. And Jesse and Jonah asked the giant if he wanted to play a game. And the giant told them that he liked to play a game called chess. And Jonah and Jesse asked how you played the game of chess. And the giant said that there were a lot of pieces and the pieces on the chess game were made of pretzels. And the way that you played it is people took turns. First one person goes and moves one pretzel and then the other person goes and moves the other pretzel. And then you could take the pretzels if your piece could go on top of the other piece. And Jesse and Jonah told the giant that they wanted to play the game, but they didn't have any pretzels. The giant told Jonah and Jesse that he had a special machine on his rocket ship that let you invent whatever you wanted. And Jesse and Jonah asked if he could if they could see it and the giant showed them that there was little machine. And the way it worked was all you had to do was press a button on the machine. And then after you pressed the button, it looked a little bit like a microwave. It would turn on. And then if you put, let's say a shoe in the machine, then you had to close your eyes and think of whatever you wanted it to turn into. So Jesse took off his shoe and he put it in the machine that looks like a microwave. And he closed his eyes and he decided that he wanted it to turn into bug spray. And the machine started to and out of the machine came bug spray. And then Jesse told the giant that he should spray the bug spray in space so that the ants with the laser eyes wouldn't be mean anymore. And the giant said okay. So he attached it to the front of his rocket ship and he sprayed it all over space. And the aliens that were ants with the laser eyes, they were so afraid of the bug spray, they left and they turned around and they went away. And one of them that said no, not this going that one trying to laser the giant rocket ship but its eyes didn't walk in the bug spray and its eyes went away. Yeah. And there was one of the alien ants that tried to get the giant rocket ship but it didn't even work. And it got the bug spray right in its eyes and the laser zapped backwards. And then that ant got teeny tiny. But then Jesse told the giant that he needed to fix the planet. And so he decided to put his other shoe in the machine that looked like a microwave. And Jesse closed his eyes and he thought about a giant screw that could fix planets and put them back together. And suddenly the microwave machine went. And when he opened it up, there was a screw. At first it didn't look so big, but the giant knew that the screw could get bigger and bigger and big enough to fix planets. So Jesse and Jonah told the giant to go to the moon of Jupiter and to Mars and to the planet Earth and to use the magical screw to fix all of the planets and to put them back together. And that's exactly what the giant did. Using a giant screwdriver, he put all of the pieces of the planets back together. And Jesse and Jonah and the giant were able to make their voyage all the way to the moon of Jupiter. And Jesse and Jonah and the giant lived happily ever after. The End hi, my name is Peppa. Thanks for listening to my top salary. Go to makeupsource.com. Chisel in the job. Tell your friends bye.