Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Simone. Simone was dressed up as a princess, and she was looking out her window when she saw a giant waterfall made of honey. The honey spilled down from the sky and fell like a big waterfall onto the grass in front of her house. Simone called her mom to come look, and her mom hurried from the kitchen to the window where Simone was looking.

Simone's mom said, "Simone, this is a big problem because the honey will make the road so sticky, and none of the cars will be able to go."

"Yeah, but maybe people could put plates in front of their cars, and they would just go into place, and then they could use the honey to eat," Simone suggested. She also thought that cars could have sleds under their wheels and drive on the honey because the sleds would float on top of it. Simone's mom decided they should call the fire department, so she picked up her phone and dialed 911.

The firefighter who answered the phone said that five other people had called about the honey waterfall, and it was getting bigger and bigger. They would need to call the bear rescue team to help.

Simone's mom told Simone that the fire department needed the bear rescue team, which was a team of panda bears. Panda bears are really nice, cute bears that love honey. When the fire department calls the panda bear rescue team, the panda bears dress up as people and bring shovels with them. They shovel up all the honey and put it in big dump trucks, then drive the trucks to the forest and dump the honey into big holes in the ground, creating a lake full of honey for people to eat.

Many pandas came in a line of dump trucks all the way through Vancouver, Canada. Some panda bears had shovels, and others had straws or cement mixer trucks that worked in reverse. Instead of putting cement on the ground, they sucked up honey and turned it into honey cement.

Simone told the panda bears that they should use the honey cement to build houses made of honey. Everyone thought it was a good idea, so the panda bears made honey cement bricks and started building panda bear honey houses in the forest. But soon after they built the houses, bees came because they loved the yummy honey. The bees didn't sting kids because they were nice bees, but they still made people a little scared.

Simone decided to make a rule. She told the panda bears to put a big net around the forest with tiny holes so that ants could go through, but bees couldn't. The panda bears swatted away the bees until they left that part of the forest, and then they put up the special screen to keep the bees out.

Simone went back to the honey pond in the middle of the forest and saw that the panda bears had a friend, an orca whale that swam in the honey lake. The orca whale told Simone that there was a secret pipe under the honey lake that led to the ocean. Simone asked if she could go too, and the orca whale said it would have to swallow Simone and her parents, but there was a room inside of it where they wouldn't be hurt.

Simone and her mom agreed to go down the orca whale's tongue, which was like a slide, and into the toy room inside the whale. The orca whale swam through the pipe to the ocean, and then it let Simone and her mom out. They rode on top of the orca whale as it swam through the ocean, which was connected to the honey ocean. They saw boats made of Rubik's Cubes with monkeys, people, and ducks in them. The boats changed shape and color as they moved, and the faster they went, the more their colors changed.

The orca whale was faster than any of the Rubik's Cube boats, and it had so much fun with Simone and her mom. The orca whale told Simone that she and her mom could keep one of the toys from the toy room inside it. Simone said, "Okay."

The orca whale brought Simone and her mom back to the honey pond, and they went out of the honey forest. They needed to find their way back out, but they were lost. One of the panda bears showed Simone and her mom the way out of the honey forest, which was past the honey waterfall near her house. When they went on the other side of the honey waterfall, they saw that it had stopped and gone away.

Simone and her mom left the magic honey forest and lived happily ever after. The end.