Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Simone. Simone was dressed up as a princess, and she was looking out her window, and she saw that there was a giant waterfall which was made up of honey. And the honey was spilling down from the sky, and it was falling like a big waterfall in the grass in front of her house. And Simone told her mom to come look. And Simone shouted to her mom and said, "Mom, come here." And Simone's mom hurried away from the kitchen and through the living room until she got to the window where Simone was looking. And Simone's mom said, "Simone, this is actually a big problem because the honey is going to make the road so sticky, and none of the cars are going to be able to go."

"Yeah, but still, maybe people could put plates in front of the car, and it would just go into place, and then they would use the honey to eat." And so Simone said, "Well, maybe cars could have, like, sleds on top under their wheels, and cars could just drive on sleds in the honey because the sled would kind of float on top of the honey." And Simone's mom said, "We should call the fire department." And so Simone's mom picked up her phone and she dialed 911. And the fire person answered the phone, and Simone's mom said, "There's an emergency. There's honey falling from the sky like a big waterfall, and none of the cars can go because they're all stuck in honey." And the fire person said on the phone there were five other people that called about this emergency. And the waterfall full of honey is getting bigger and bigger, and they would need to call the bear rescue team to help.

Rescue team. And Simone's mom told Simone that the fire department needed to call the bear rescue team. And Simone said, "What? I never heard of the bear rescue team." And Simone's mom told Simone that there was a team of panda bears. Panda bears are really nice, cute bears that really love honey. And when the fire department needs to call the panda bear rescue team. Then the panda bears dress up as people. And their job is they bring shovels with them, the panda bears bring shovels with them and they need to shovel up all of the honey and they need to put the honey in big dump trucks. And then the panda bears drive the dump trucks all the way to the forest. And then they dump the honey in big holes in the ground, big ditches, and they make a lake full of honey. It's a pool for people to eat. Yes. And then people could go to that lake that's made of honey to eat.

And so many pandas came in a big line of dump trucks all the way through Vancouver, Canada. And there were a bunch of panda bears that had shovels and there were some panda bears that even had like straws and there was kind of, you know, cement mixer trucks. Yeah, there was one of those that worked in reverse. Instead of putting cement on the ground, it sucked up honey and took the honey off the ground. And the honey went in the cement mixer and the cement turned it and turned it and turned it until it became so hard. And then the cement mixer made the honey come out. And do you know what it turned into? Honey cement.

And the honey cement. Simone told all of the panda bears that they should use the honey cement to build houses that are made out of honey. And so everyone said that's a good idea. And all of the panda bears got made so much honey cement and they made it into little kind of like bricks of cement and they brought it to the forest and they poured all the extra honey in the lake and they started to build panda bear houses that were made of honey. But soon after they built their panda bear honey houses and Simone went to the forest to look at it. There were so many bees because the bees were like, "Oh, this is yummy honey." And the bees were starting to and fly around all through the forest where the panda bears were. And whenever a kid came to the lake that was made out of honey to try to drink some honey from the lake or even to go on a boat ride in the honey lake, the bees would come and say sometimes get stinged. The bees didn't sting kids because these were nice bees, but they were still not so nice because it's a little bit scary sometimes if the bee comes too close or goes on your food.

And so Simone decided to make a rule. She told the panda bears that they needed to put a big net around the forest and the net would have only teensy holes so that like ants could go through. But bees weren't going to be allowed in the forest. And Simone told all of the panda bears to go in a line and to use their hands to SWAT away the bees until the bees went out of that part of the forest. And then the panda bears put up that special screen so that bees couldn't get in the honey forest. And after they did that, Simone went back to the pond that was made of honey, which was in middle of the forest, and she saw that under it, the panda bears had a friend. And the friend was an orca whale is a big whale. But instead of floating and swimming in the ocean, it swam in this honey lake. And Simone asked the orca whale how it got there. And the orca whale said that under the honey lake there was a secret pipe that led to the ocean. And Simone asked if she could go also, and the orca whale said, "Okay, but that the orca whale would have to gobble up Simone and Simone's parents. But there was a room inside of the orca whale, and it wasn't going to bite."

And then Simone had to sit and wait in the toy room, which was inside of the orca whale. And then the orca whale would go under the pipe under the honey lake all the way to the ocean. And Simone told the orca whale that she was not so sure about this idea because she thought maybe it would hurt if an orca whale bites you. And in real life, kids should never let whales bite them. But in the makeup story, Simone and her mom decided to tell the orca whale that if it didn't bite, they would go down the tongue. And the orca whale's tongue was like a slide. And when you got inside the orca whale, there was a toy room, and you could play with so many toys while the orca whale swam through the pipe to the ocean. And then the orca whale went on top of the ocean and said to Simone and her mom that they could go out of the orca whale. And then Simone and her mom got a ride on top of the orca whale. As the orca whale was swimming through the ocean was an ocean made out of honey. The ocean was not made out of honey, but it was connected to the honey ocean. And as they were on the ocean, they saw that there were boats which were made of Rubik's Cubes. Rubik's Cubes, they look like little boxes. They're called cubes and have colors on different sides. And the boats which were made of Rubik's Cubes had monkeys and people and ducks in them. And there were different colors in the boats. And as the boat would move, the shape would change and different colors would be on different sides. And the faster the Rubik's Cubes boat the Rubik's Cubes boats went, the more their colors would change. And if one of the boats was going super speed, then all of the sides on the Rubik's Cube boat would look the same colors. But none of the Rubik's Cubes boats were able to go as fast as the orca whale that Simone and her mom were on a ride on. And the orca whale was having so much fun. And Simone loved the orca whale ride. And the orca whale told Simone that she and her mom could keep one of the toys that she got from the toy room inside. And Simone said, "Okay."

And then the orca whale told Simone that she was going to bring Simone and her mom back to the honey pond. And they went back to the honey pond, and Simone got out, and she went out of the honey forest, and she told her mom that she had a very fun day where did they get into the honey forest? And she told her mom that she had a very fun day in the honey forest, but they needed to find their way back out. And Simone's mom said, "I think we're lost." And one of the panda bears showed Simone and her mom the way out of the honey forest. It was really past that honey waterfall that they saw near her house. And when they went on the other side of the honey waterfall, they saw that the honey waterfall stopped, and it went away. And they got out of the magic honey forest, and Simone and her mom lived happily ever after. The end.