Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived in a little town in New Zealand called Wanica. They went camping one weekend and slept in a big enormous tent that was so big, it would go all the way up to a giant's knee. Inside the tent, there was a little green charm hanging from the top on a string. It was windy, so the charm was shaking back and forth. Jesse and Jonah both looked at the charm because they didn't know why it was shaking so much. They followed it with their eyes. As it went to the right, Jesse moved his eyes to the right, and when it went to the left, he moved his eyes the other way to the left. As he looked at the charm, Jesse saw that he was getting the power to hypnotize people. When you hypnotize people, they have to do whatever you say.

Jesse went out of the tent with Jonah following him, and there was a kid named Flossy that was camping with them. Jesse asked Flossy if he could use her bike. Flossy said no. Jesse said, "Look into my eyes." Flossy looked into Jesse's eyes, and Jesse said, "Flossy, you are hypnotized." Flossy replied, "I have to do what you say." Jesse said, "Okay, let me ride your bike." Flossy let Jesse ride her bike.

Jesse rode his bike all the way to the end of a gravel road that had lots of little rocks on it, where there was a little store. Inside the store, there was a little freezer that had some ice cream. Jesse decided to bike back to his tent. He went all the way to his dad and said, "Dad, can you buy me some ice cream?" His dad, Steve, said no. Jesse said, "Okay, just look into my eyes." Steve looked into Jesse's eyes, and Jesse said, "Come with me." Steve followed Jesse on the bicycle until they got to that little store at the end of the gravel road. Jesse said, "Buy me an ice cream cone." Steve said, "Okay, I'll buy you an ice cream cone." He gave an ice cream cone to Jesse and paid for it. Jesse then said, "Steve, give me a shoulder ride back and carry my bicycle." Steve gave Jesse a shoulder ride and carried his bicycle back to the tent.

That's when Jesse realized that he had special hypnosis power and that he could get anyone in the world to do whatever he wanted. The next day, they were driving to go to a beach because they wanted to see the Tasman Sea. They passed a fire station, and Jesse said, "Dad, stop at the fire station." Steve stopped the car. Jesse went into the fire station and told the fireman to give him a special button that he could put in his car. A red button to make the street lights turn red, and a green button to make the street lights turn green. Some fire departments have that kind of button. If there's an emergency and they don't want to get stuck at a red light, they could just press that button green, and it makes the traffic light turn green. The fireman's eyes turned around when Jesse said that, in circles. He said, "Okay." He gave Jesse two buttons, a red button and a green button, which Jesse put in his car. He attached it to his car seat, like the part of the car seat where you could put water bottles. Jesse said goodbye to the firemen, and he told his dad, "Keep going." Steve kept driving to the beach.

On the way to the beach, there was a lot of traffic, and they passed a red light. Jesse was tired of waiting because his car couldn't go for so long. Jesse said, "I'm going to press the green button." He pressed the green button, and suddenly all the cars that were going in the other way had to stop. The cars going his way could go. They sped all the way to the beach.

At the beach, Jesse took his button out of the car and decided he wanted to test out if it worked on people also. When he saw some people on the beach, he pointed the button at them and pressed the red button. The people stopped walking. He realized that because he had the hypnosis power, and now he also had the red and green button power, he could make anything stop or move.

At the beach, there was a dog running towards them, barking a lot and a little bit scary. Jesse pressed the red button, and the dog stopped. Jesse decided he wanted to go swim in the ocean a little bit, but the ocean had big waves. As a wave was coming to get Jesse, he pressed the red button, and the wave stopped in the middle of the air. Jesse ran away and pressed the green button. The wave crashed down in the sand.

Jesse was having a lot of fun with his button power, and Jonah asked if he could use it too. Jonah pressed the red button but pointed it at Jesse. Jesse was frozen in space and couldn't move. He could only move his eyes. He looked Jonah in his eyes and hypnotized Jonah. He made the buttons go out of Jonah's hands all the way to Jesse. When Jesse had the buttons back in his hand, he pressed the red button and made Jonah freeze. He pressed the green button to make Jesse unfreeze. But Jonah also had the hypnotizing power. Jonah made the buttons go back to Jonah from Jesse. This time he decided he wouldn't make Jesse freeze because they were brothers and should be on the same team.

Jonah and Jesse decided to play. If they saw crabs going on the rocks, Jesse got the red button, and Jonah got to play with the green button. Sometimes, if Jonah saw a crab on the rock and the crab just stopped really still, Jonah would press the green button, and the crab would have to walk. If the crab went too far away, Jesse would press the red button, and the crab would have to stop. Jesse and Jonah had a lot of fun with their red and green button.

However, as they were playing with their button, there was a big charm attached to a yo-yo that a different kid was playing with. The kid was making the yo-yo go back and forth in a kind of trick. As the kid was doing that, Jesse and Jonah looked at that charm and lost their hypnosis ability. They couldn't hypnotize anyone anymore. Their red and green button stopped working. Jesse tried to get his dad to do something, but his dad didn't even listen. That's when Jesse and Jonah realized that their green and red button didn't work anymore either. They had to go back home. But luckily, there was no traffic.

Jesse and Jonah, Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.