Aya ido. AI. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Olivo. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the makeup club. Yeah. AI okay, Jesse, what do you want? Tonight's makeup story to be about? A wed button and a green button that makes traffic likes. Like you can control that when you press them. If you press red, the ghost has suck. If you press green, they just go in your car. Okay, so Jesse's idea is to make up a story about a red and green button that goes in your car. And if you press the red button, it makes the traffic light turn red, and the cars have to stop. And if you press the green button, then the cars have to go. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse lived in a little town in New Zealand called Wanica. And they went camping one weekend and they slept in a big enormous tent that was so big, it would go all the way up to a giant's knee. And when they were inside the tent, there was a little green charm that was hanging from the top of the tent on a string. And it was windy, and so the charm was shaking back and forth. And Jesse and Jonah both looked into the charm because they didn't know why it was shaking so much. And they followed it with their eyes. As it went to the right, jesse moved his eyes to the right, and when it went to the left, he moved his eyes the other way to the left. And as he looked at the charm, jesse saw that he was getting the power to hypnotize people. When you hypnotize people, they have to do whatever you say. And so Jesse went out of the tent with Jonah following him, and there was a kid named Flossy that was camping with him. And Jesse asked Flossy if he could use her bike. And Flossy said no. And then Jesse said, look into my eyes. And Flossy looked into Jonah's eyes. Jesse. Sorry. Flossy looked into Jesse's eyes. And then Jesse said, Flossy, you are hypnotized. And then Flossy said, I have to do what you say. And then Jesse said, okay, let me ride your bike. And Flossy let Jesse ride his bike. And Jesse rode his bike all the way to the end of a gravel road that had lots of little rocks on it where there was a little store. And inside the store, there was a little freezer that had some ice cream. And Jesse decided to bike back to his tent. And he went all the way to his dad. And he said, Steve dad, can you buy me some ice cream? And Steve said no. And Jesse said, okay, just look into my eyes. And Steve looked into Jesse's eyes, and Jesse said, Come with me. And then Steve followed Jesse on the bicycle until he got to that little store at the end of the gravel road and what? He said, Come with me. That eyes go round and round. Yeah. And when Jesse said, Come with me, steve's eyes started spinning in circles. And then Jesse took Steve all the way to the store that had the freezer where they sold those ice cream cones. And Jesse looked at Steve and said, buy me an ice cream cone. And Steve said, okay, I'll buy you an ice cream cone. And he gave an ice cream cone to Jesse, and he paid for it. And then Jesse said, Steve, give me a shoulder ride back and carry my bicycle. And Steve gave Jesse a shoulder ride and carried his bicycle back to the tent. That's when Jesse realized that he had special Hypnosis power and that he could get anyone in the world to do whatever he wanted. And so when they were driving the next day to go to a beach because they wanted to see the Tasman Sea, they passed a fire station. And Jesse said, dad, stop at the fire station. And Steve stopped the car. And Jesse went into the fire station. And he told the fireman to give Jesse a special button that he could put in his car. A red button to make the street lights turn red, and a green button to make the street lights turn green. Because some fire departments have that kind of button. If there's an emergency and they don't want to get stuck at a red light, they could just press that button green, and it makes the traffic light turn green. And the fireman's eyes turned around when Jesse said that in circles. And he said, okay. And he gave Jesse a button, two buttons, a red button and a green button that Jesse put in his car. And he attached it to his car seat, like the part of the car seat where you could put water bottles. And then Jesse said goodbye to the firemen, and he told his dad, keep going. And Steve kept driving to the beach. On the way to the beach, there was a lot of traffic, and they passed a red light. And Jesse was tired of waiting because his car couldn't go for so long. And so Jesse said, I'm going to press the green button. And he pressed the green button, and suddenly all the cars that were going in the other way had to stop. And the cars that were going his way could go. And so they sped all the way to the beach. And then Jesse took his button out of the car, and he decided he wanted to test out if it worked on people also. And so when he saw some people on the beach, he pointed the button at them and pressed the red button, and the people stopped walking. And he realized that because he had the Hypnosis power, and now he also had the red and green button power. He could make anything stop or move. At the beach, there was a dog that was running towards them and the dog was barking a lot and it was a little bit scary. So Jesse pressed the red button and the dog stopped. Jesse decided he wanted to go swim in the ocean a little bit, but the ocean has big waves. And so as the wave was coming to get Jesse, he pressed the red button and the wave stopped in middle of the air. And then Jesse ran away and pressed the green button. And the wave crashed on down in the sand. Well, Jesse was having a lot of fun with his button power and Jonah asked if he could use it too. And so Jonah pressed the red button, but he pointed it at Jesse. And then Jesse was frozen in space and he couldn't move. But Jesse could only move his eyes. And so he looked Jonah in his eyes and he hypnotized Jonah. And he made the buttons go out of Jonah's hands all the way to Jesse. And when Jesse had the buttons back in his hand, he pressed the red button and made Jonah freeze. And he pressed the green button to make Jesse unfreeze. But Jonah also had the hypnotizing power. And so Jonah made the buttons go back to Jonah from Jesse. But this time he decided he wouldn't make Jesse freeze because they were brothers and they should be on the same team. So Jonah and Jesse decided to play. And they would make like if they saw crabs going on the rocks, jesse got the red button and Jonah got to play with the green button. Yes. And sometimes if Jonah saw a crab on the rock and the crab just like stopped really still, jonah would press the green button and the crab would have to walk. But if the crab would go too far away, then Jesse would press the red button and the crab would have to stop. And so Jesse and Jonah had a lot of fun with their red and green button. But the problem was, as they were playing with their button, there was a big charm that was attached to a yoyo that a different kid was playing with. And the kid was like making the yoyo go back and forth in a kind of trick. And as the kid was doing that, Jesse was looking at that charm and Jonah was looking at it also. And Jesse and Jonah lost their hypnosis ability. They couldn't hypnotize anyone anymore. And their red and green button stopped working. So Jesse tried out to get his dad to do something and his dad didn't even listen. And that's when Jesse and Jonah realized that their green and red button didn't work anymore either. And they had to go back home. But luckily there was no traffic. Jesse and Jonah, Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The endo my name is Kencho. Thank you for listening to Makeup Threes. If you want to be part of the club, go to Makeup Threes.com. Tell your friends. Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup Stories, and I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use.