Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse weren't real kids, and they didn't even live in the real world. They lived inside of a children's book. One day, they were in somebody's house, and a mom was reading the story called The Adventures of Jonah and Jesse. She had a pen in her hand, and she put the pen in the book. She told the child she was reading the story to that she had to go out of the room and then put the child to bed.

Later that evening, Jonah and Jesse were trapped in the book. But now there was a pen inside the book. Jonah grabbed the pen and started to write on the book, and he saw that his picture could kind of go out of the book. Jesse also saw that if he held onto the pen that the mom left in the book, he could go out of the book too. They were able to write letters, and whatever Jonah and Jesse wrote, well, that came true. So as the child was sleeping, Jonah and Jesse started writing that they should sneak out of the book. Jonah wrote down those letters, and Jonah and Jesse sneaked out of the book.

They were on the floor of the child's room, and the picture of Jonah and the picture of Jesse was on the carpet of the floor. Jonah and Jesse started sneaking across the carpet to get to the child's dresser. It was kind of dark in the room because it was nighttime and the child was sleeping. Jonah and Jesse were totally out of the child's book and were already climbing on top of the dresser. When they got to the top of the dresser, they saw a trophy that the child had. The trophy was from gymnastics, and the child got first place in a competition. The trophy was a titanium trophy on the top, and it showed a picture of a person doing gymnastics. The bottom of the trophy was wood.

Jonah and Jesse climbed onto the trophy. When they touched the trophy, Jonah and Jesse turned into little people that were made out of half titanium, and they had wooden shoes on the bottom. That's when the child woke up. When he woke up from sleep, he turned on the light to his bedroom and saw that there was a little Jonah and a little Jesse, and they were made out of titanium and had wooden shoes on. He looked at the book on the floor and saw that the pen was still in it but in a different position. The boy figured out what happened: Jonah and Jesse got out of the book because, in The Adventures of Jonah and Jesse, it did say there was a secret way for them to sneak out of the book and come alive.

Jonah and Jesse looked at the boy, and the boy looked at them, and they were all very happy to see each other. Jonah and Jesse told the boy that he should pick them up. The boy put Jonah in his right hand and Jesse in his left hand. Then he put Jonah and Jesse on his shoulders, Jonah on the right shoulder and Jesse on the left shoulder. The boy walked to his mom's room because it was nighttime. He told his mom that Jonah and Jesse came out of the book and that they were on his shoulder. His mom woke up and looked at the boy's shoulders and said that the boy was making it up and Jonah and Jesse weren't there. But the boy looked down at his shoulders, and Jonah and Jesse really were there. His mom just couldn't see them.

That's when Jesse and Jonah whispered in the boy's ear that only kids could see them because grownups can't see people that are made out of titanium and have wooden shoes. His mom didn't believe him and thought that he was tricking. But Jonah and Jesse really were there. His mom said he had to go back to his room to go to sleep, and she walked him back to his room and tucked him in. Really, Jonah and Jesse were right by his pillow.

While the child was sleeping, Jonah and Jesse decided that they would go back to the book where they came from and start writing in the book that their mom and dad should come out of the book also. Jonah and Jesse walked with their wooden shoes all the way down from where the child was sleeping, and they went back on the carpet, which was very soft for their big wooden shoes, and they were kind of heavy. So they sunk deeply into the carpet even though they were so little. They picked up the book called The Adventures of Jonah and Jesse and started writing that their parents should come out.

Soon a picture of Amanda and Steve came out of the book. The pictures of Amanda and Steve started to walk along the carpet. Jonah and Jesse told them that they should climb up the dresser and touch the trophy from the child's gymnastics contest. Then Jonah and Jesse's parents, Steve and Amanda, would turn into titanium also and have wooden shoes. Steve and Amanda climbed up and touched the trophy. But when Steve and Amanda touched the trophy, it didn't work. Steve and Amanda turned into two washing machines that had so many legs coming out of them. When Steve tried to walk, it would be like the whole washing machine would turn around. Each time it turned around, a different leg would have to walk. Amanda also walked really silly.

Jonah and Jesse first laughed because they thought it was so silly to watch their parents turn into washing machines that had legs on them and had to balance as they turned around so fast and hopped on their legs like an ostrich. But all of that noise from the washing machines woke up the child again. When the child woke up and saw that Jonah and Jesse's parents were there too and they turned into washing machines, he knew he would have to get his parents again. He went out to get his parents, but unfortunately, this time, after he went out to get his parents, when Steve and Amanda were hopping around as the washing machines, they accidentally moved the pen that the child's mom left in the book.

When they moved the pen, Steve accidentally made it write, and Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda go back in the book. Unfortunately, Steve and Amanda and Jonah and Jesse turned right back into pictures in the book. By the time the child got his mom, they were gone again. His mom thought he was tricking a second time. But really, he wasn't. And really, that happened. Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.