Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy who was five years old named Timmy. Timmy lived in a house and slept on a special bed that looked like a Jeep car but had a mattress on it. Sometimes, before Timmy went to sleep, his mama would let him listen to a podcast with stories on it. Timmy would listen to the podcast, and sometimes he heard a sound. The sound went meow, and it was his kitty cat named Sonny. Sonny would come up on the bed right next to him and listen to the podcast with him while Timmy got to pet Sonny. But Sonny was also a little bit shy and sometimes used to hide.

One night, Timmy fell asleep and had a dream about his cat named Sonny. In his dream, while Timmy was sleeping, Sonny started going on his pillow and slept right next to him. But Sonny heard a sound, and the sound went peep peep peepee peep, and it was a mouse. So Sonny the kitty cat gathered his courage and bravery and decided to jump off Timmy's bed, off his pillow, and sneak out the door all the way to the kitchen. In the kitchen, there was a bowl of milk waiting for Sonny. But the bowl of milk had no milk in it this time. Instead, there was some cheese. And do you know who was eating the cheese? A mouse. Sonny saw the mouse and decided to start chasing the mouse around the house. The mouse said, "No, don't get me!" And Sonny said, "I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you." And he ran and ran until the mouse found a little hole in the bathroom right behind the toilet. Sonny the kitty cat couldn't fit through the hole, and the mouse got away.

Sonny the cat had an idea to wait in the bathroom right by that hole and see if the mouse would come out. So he waited and waited while Timmy was sleeping. Soon enough, something came out of the hole. Before Sonny the kitty cat could see what it was, he pounced on it and gobbled it up. But unfortunately, Sonny didn't eat a mouse because he didn't look very closely. Sonny ate a magical leprechaun. A leprechaun was a green, magical creature that liked Lucky Charms, which is a breakfast cereal, and was now in Sonny the kitty cat's tummy.

Right after Sonny the kitty cat ate the leprechaun, he got a tummy ache. He felt a rumbling in his belly like he ate too much sugar. Then, just as he was trying to rub his belly and lay down, Sonny the kitty cat turned green, and he was no longer an orange kitty cat. He also grew butterfly wings. Sonny the orange kitty cat was now green and had butterfly wings.

Sonny was happy to have butterfly wings because he was always a shy kitty cat. He liked to jump, but he was never able to fly. So Sonny started to flap his butterfly wings and went right out of the house through an open window and flapped outside during the night. He flapped and flapped until he saw a medium-sized rainbow in the distance and decided to flap all the way to the rainbow. But between Sonny the kitty cat, who was now green and had butterfly wings, and the medium-sized rainbow in the distance was the savannah. The savannah was full of tall grass and scary animals. Sonny the kitty cat was not so big because he was a regular-sized kitty cat. So he worried that there would be scary animals, like a hippopotamus, maybe, or even a rhinoceros. He thought, "Uh-oh, what if a giraffe decides to stretch its neck so tall and eat me while I'm flying in the air?" So he had to be a little bit careful as he flapped his butterfly wings through the savannah to get all the way to the medium-sized rainbow on the other side.

It started to rain, and Sonny the kitty cat took a break by stopping to flap his wings on a tree. When he was on the tree, he heard some noises. Unfortunately, Sonny the kitty cat had stopped flying on a tree with many bees, and the bees were circling around him. Sonny the kitty cat was afraid they would sting him. So he decided to flap his butterfly wings and go away. He went off the tree down onto the ground.

Just as he got onto the ground, he heard an even scarier noise. The scarier noise went "RA." Sonny the kitty cat saw that it was a lion. The lion got right up in Sonny the kitty cat's face and showed his big, scary lion teeth and said, "I'm going to eat you." But luckily, just as the lion said that, the leprechaun came right out of Sonny the kitty cat's tummy with a big stick. He waved the stick at the lion, and the lion got scared and went away. Then the leprechaun, which was green, went right back into Sonny kitty cat's tummy.

Sonny the kitty cat decided to fly with his butterfly wings again until he got pretty far away, where the end of the rainbow was. When he got to the end of the rainbow, do you know what he found? He found a little city with underground tunnels, climbing structures, slides, and even a sandbox. But this city was not for people, and this city was not for kitty cats. It was for mice. So Sonny the kitty cat flew over the city and thought, "I should eat up all of the mice in this city because there are so many yummy mice for me to eat. Kitty cats like to eat mice." But just as he said that, the green leprechaun came out of his tummy and went right by his ear and whispered something in his ear. Do you know what the green leprechaun said? "Don't eat the mice. This is their happy rainbow city. In this city, kitty cats aren't allowed to eat mice. Mice are just allowed to play in the sand, and they are allowed to play in the cheese factory, where there's so much cheese for mice. They are allowed to go on a water slide that doesn't have water on it but has milk. And they are allowed to play special mice games, including a mice merry-go-round and special mice ladders."

So Sonny the kitty cat told the leprechaun that he wouldn't eat any of the mice in his city, and instead, he would fly back home. Sonny the kitty cat flew with his butterfly wings all the way back to Timmy's house and went through Timmy's window. After he went through Timmy's window, the leprechaun went out of his mouth and hid back in that little mouse hole in his bathroom behind the toilet. Then Sonny the cat became a regular orange cat again. Sonny the cat went to Timmy's pillow.

Sonny the kitty cat went back on Timmy's pillow. When Timmy woke up, he saw that Sonny the cat was orange again. He didn't even know that Sonny the kitty cat had such a big adventure. So Timmy told Sonny the kitty cat the next day, after he woke up, "Meow," and the kitty cat started to speak English. The kitty cat said, "Timmy, I love you so much, and I'm going to tell you about the adventure I had while you were sleeping." The kitty cat told Timmy all about his special adventure, where he found a mouse, the mouse got away, ate a leprechaun, got butterfly wings, flew over the savannah, got away from bees, got away from a lion, and found a city with just mice that was at the end of a medium-sized rainbow and flew back and went back to Timmy's bed. Timmy and the orange kitty cat, who was no longer shy, became best friends, and they lived happily ever after. The end.