Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy who was five years old and whose name was Timmy. Timmy lived in a house and slept on a special bed that looked like a Jeep car but had a mattress on it. And sometimes before Timmy went to sleep, his mama would let him listen to a podcast with stories on it. And Timmy would listen to the podcast. And while he would listen to it, sometimes he heard a sound. And the sound went meow, and it was the sound of his kitty cat named Sonny. And Sonny would come up on the bed right next to him and listen to the podcast with him while Timmy got to pet Sonny. But Sonny was also a little bit shy and sometimes used to hide.

Well, one night, Timmy fell asleep and he had a dream that involved his cat named Sonny. And in his dream, while Timmy was sleeping, his cat named Sonny started going on his pillow, and his cat named Sonny slept right next to him. But his cat heard a sound, and the sound went peep peep peepee peep, and it was a mouse. So Sonny the kitty cat worked up the courage and the bravery and decided to jump off of Timmy's bed off of his pillow and sneak out the door all the way to the kitchen. In the kitchen, there was a bowl of milk waiting for Sunny. But the bowl of milk had no milk in it this time. And instead, there was some cheese. And do you know who was eating the cheese? A mouse. And Sonny saw the mouse, and he decided to start chasing the mouse around the house. And the mouse is like, no, don't get me. And Sonny was like, I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. And he ran and he ran and he ran until the mouse found a little hole in the bathroom right behind the toilet. And the kitty cat, Sonny, couldn't fit through the hole, and the mouse got away.

Well, Sonny the cat had an idea to wait in the bathroom right by that hole and to see if the mouse would come out. So he waited and waited while Timmy was sleeping. And soon enough, something came out of the hole. And before Sonny the kitty cat could see what it was, he pounced on it and jumped on it and gobbled it up. But unfortunately, Sonny didn't eat a mouse because he didn't look very closely. Sonny ate a magical leprechaun. And a leprechaun was a green, magical creature that liked Lucky Charms, which is a breakfast cereal, and was now in Sonny the kitty cat's tummy.

Well, right after Sonny the kitty cat ate up the leprechaun, Sonny the kitty cat got a tummy ache. He felt a rumbling in his belly like he ate too much sugar. And then, just as he was trying to rub his belly and lay down, Sonny the kitty cat turned green, and he was no longer an orange kitty cat. And he grew some butterfly wings. And Sonny the orange kitty cat was now green and had butterfly wings.

Well, Sonny was happy to have butterfly wings because he was always a shy kitty cat. And he liked to jump, but he was never able to fly. So Sonny started to flap his butterfly wings about and went right out of the house through a window that was open and flapped outside during the night. And he flapped and he flapped and he flapped until he saw a medium-sized rainbow in the distance and decided to flap all the way to the medium-sized rainbow. But in between Sunny the kitty cat, who was now green and had butterfly wings, and the medium-sized rainbow in the distance was the savannah. And the savannah was full of tall grass and scary animals. And Sonny the kitty cat was not so big because he was a regular-sized kitty cat. So he worried that there would be scary animals, like a hippopotamus, maybe, or even a rhinoceros. And he was like, uh-oh, let's say a giraffe decides to get his neck so tall and eat me while I'm flying in the air. And so he had to be a little bit careful as he flapped his butterfly wings through the savannah to get all the way to the medium-sized rainbow on the other side.

Well, it started to rain, and Sonny the kitty cat took a break by stopping to flap his wings on a tree. And when he was on the tree, he heard some noises. And the noise was and unfortunately, Sonny the kitty cat had stopped flying on a tree and there were so many bees there and the bees were circling around him. And Sonny the kitty cat was afraid that they would sting him. So he decided to flap his butterfly wings and go away. And he went off the tree down onto the ground.

Well, just as he got onto the ground, he heard an even scarier noise. And the scarier noise went RA. And Sonny the kitty cat saw that it was a lion. And a lion got right up in Sonny the kitty cat's face and showed his big, scary lion teeth and said, I'm going to eat you. But luckily, just as the lion said that, the leprechaun came right out of Sunny the kitty cat's tummy with a big stick. And he waved the stick at the lion, and the lion got scared and went away. And then the leprechaun, which was green, went right back into Sunny kitty cat's tummy.

And Sonny the kitty cat decided to fly with his butterfly wings again until he got pretty far away, where the end of the rainbow was. And when he got to the end of the rainbow, do you know what he found? He found a little city which had underground tunnels, and it had a lot of climbing structures and a lot of slides and even a sandbox. But this city was not for people, and this city was not for kitty cats. It was for mice. And so Sunny the kitty cat flew over the city, and he was like, I should eat up all of the mice in this city because there's so many yummy mice for me to eat. And kitty cats like to eat mice. But just as he said that, the green leprechaun went out of his tummy and went right by his ear and whispered something in his ear. And do you know what the green leprechaun said? Don't eat the mice. This is their happy rainbow city. In this city, kitty cats aren't allowed to eat mice. Mice are just allowed to play in the sand, and they are allowed to play in the cheese Factory, where there's so much cheese for mice. And they are allowed to go on a water slide that doesn't have water on it but has milk. And they are allowed to play special mice games, including a mice merrygoround and special special mice ladders.

And so Sonny the kitty cat told the leprechaun that he wouldn't eat any of the mice in his city, and instead, he would fly back home. And Sonny the kitty cat flew with his butterfly wings all the way back to Timmy's house and went through Timmy's window. And after he went through Timmy's window, the leprechaun went out of his mouth and hid back in that little mouse hole in his bathroom behind the toilet. And then Sonny the mouse became a regular orange cat again. Sonny the cat became a regular orange cat again. And he went to Timmy's pillow.

Well, Sonny the kitty cat went back on Timmy's pillow. And when Timmy woke up, he saw that Sonny the cat was orange again. And he didn't even know that Sonny the kitty cat had such a big adventure. So Timmy told Sonny the kitty cat the next day, after he woke up, meow and the kitty cat started to speak English. And the kitty cat said, Timmy, I love you so much, and I'm going to tell you about the adventure I had while you were sleeping. And the kitty cat told Timmy all about his special adventure, where he found a mouse. The mouse got away, ate a leprechaun, got butterfly wings, flew over the savannah, got away from bees, got away from a lion, and found a city with just mice that was at the end of a medium-sized rainbow and flew back and went back to Timmy's bed. And Timmy and the orange kitty cat, who is no longer shy, became best friends and they lived happily ever after. The end.