Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. One day, they were playing at the playground when a boy with red hair went on a swing right in front of them. Jesse was playing in the sand next to the swing. But when he looked into the red-haired boy's eyes, he saw something like tiny fireworks inside them. 

Suddenly, the boy jumped off the swing and started to fly through the air by flapping his hands. He flew right on top of Jesse! As he was flying, glue came out of his shoes, landing on Jesse and making him stick to the sand in the sandbox. Jonah saw what was happening and tried to help Jesse get unstuck from the glue. But the glue was attached to Jesse's skin so tightly that even Jonah couldn't get it off. 

The whole school saw what the boy did, and all the kids tried to help. One of them had an idea to pour water on the glue to make it less sticky. But when the boy poured the water onto the glue, the water turned into ice, and then that boy got stuck too!

As all the kids were trying to figure out how to save Jesse, the red-haired boy was flying away, making bolts of lightning shoot out of his eyes. The lightning made firework shapes in the sky, and wherever the lightning went, there would be a cloud. From the cloud, it would rain a kind of sprinkle that made a popping sound when it hit the ground. It was popping all over town!

Jesse's dad called the police and told them about the red-haired boy who was flying, had fireworks in his eyes, and could make lightning create clouds. The clouds made sprinkles go down, and the sprinkles made popping sounds. All the policemen in town went in their police cars with their sirens on, trying to follow the red-haired boy.

Meanwhile, someone called the fire department. They went in their fire truck with sirens on, trying to save Jesse and the boy stuck in the ice. But when they got there, they were afraid to use their hose because they didn't want to make more ice. So instead, they asked the arts and crafts teacher for help. She said that there's a special kind of glitter that can take the stickiness off the glue. 

The fire department and the arts and crafts teacher got the special glitter and poured it all over Jesse and the other boy. It worked! They were both free, but now their skin was covered in glitter. Everyone looked at Jesse because he was so shiny and left glitter wherever he walked.

As Jesse and the other boy were walking near the playground, the red-haired boy came flapping back. Everyone said, "Oh no, hide! The red-haired boy is coming!" They all went inside their classroom to avoid the lightning, sprinkles, and glue.

Inside, Jesse had an idea. He suggested using a butterfly net to catch the red-haired boy. The fire department attached a butterfly net to a ladder and set it up to catch the boy as he flew by. It worked! They caught the red-haired boy and asked him why he was being mean and making special clouds.

The red-haired boy explained that he used to be a regular kid, but he ate a kind of spider. After he ate the spider, he got the firework thing in his eyes. A teacher said it must have been a poisonous spider and that there was a way to make him a regular, nice kid again. They needed to get something called antivenom from the hospital.

They took the red-haired boy to the hospital, where they mixed antivenom with orange juice for him to drink. As he drank it, the fireworks in his eyes went away, and he became a regular kid again. He couldn't fly anymore, and when he tried to make the special clouds, all he could do was sneeze. He apologized for what he did and said it felt like the spider was controlling him, but now it was gone.

The doctor told him it was okay but to stay away from spiders from now on. The red-haired boy agreed, and Jesse said it was okay because it was just a mistake. Everyone forgave the boy, and he went back to his family. Jesse, Jonah, and everyone else lived happily ever after. The end.