Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse were out in a playground one day when there was a kid who had red hair that went on a swing right in front of them. And Jesse was playing in the sand next to the swing. But when he looked in, the boy with the red hair's eyes, he saw that it looked like there were kind of like fireworks inside the boy's eyes, like little teensy fireworks. And then the boy jumped off of the swing, and he started to fly through the air by flapping his hands, and he flew right on top of Jesse. And the boy made glue go out of his shoes as he was flying, and the glue went on top of Jesse and made Jesse stick to the sand in the sandbox. Jonah was right next to Jesse, and he saw what was happening, and so he ran over to Jesse and he tried to get Jesse unstuck from the glue. But the problem was, the glue was attached to Jesse's skin so tightly that even Jonah couldn't get it off. So the whole entire school tried because they saw what the boy did. And so there was a whole school of kids, because this playground was in the school's playground, and all of the kids in the school, they all tried to help. And one of the kids had an idea to pour some water on the glue to make the glue not so sticky. But the problem was, when the boy poured the water onto the glue, the water turned into ice, and then that boy got stuck also. Well, as all of the kids were trying to figure out how to save Jesse, the boy who had red hair was flying away, and he was making bolts of lightning go out of his eyes. And the lightning went in, like, firework shapes in the sky. And wherever the lightning went, there would be a cloud. And from the cloud, it would rain a kind of sprinkle that when the sprinkle hit the ground, it would make a popping sound. And so it was popping, popping, popping all over town. Well, Jesse's dad called the police, and he told the police that there was a kid with red hair who was flapping his arms around and flying, and he had fireworks in his eyes. And he was able to make lightning create clouds. And the clouds made sprinkles go down, and the sprinkles made popping sounds. And all of the policemen in town went in their police cars and they started turning on their sirens and they all started to try to follow where the boy with red hair was. Meanwhile, somebody also called up the fire department. And the fire department went in the fire truck and they turned on their sirens and they tried to go all the way to the school where Jesse was stuck in the glue the boy that got ice over him. And also they tried to save the boy that got ice all over him. But when the fire department got there, they were afraid to use their hose because they didn't want to make any more ice. So instead, they decided to ask the arts and crafts teacher if she had any ideas. And the arts and crafts teacher said that there's a kind of glitter where if you put that glitter on top of glue then it'll take all the stickiness off of the glue. And so the fire department went with the arts and crafts teacher to get the special kind of glitter from the cupboard. And then when she got the glitter, they poured it all over Jesse and the other boy who was stuck in the ice. It worked. And Jesse and the other boy got free. But the problem was that Jesse's skin got all glittery and the other boy's skin also got full of glitter. And everyone was looking at Jesse because Jesse made everything he walked on full of glitter and he was so shiny. Well, as Jesse and the other boy were walking next to their school by the playground the kid who had red hair came flapping back. And everyone said, oh, no, hide. The kid with red hair is coming. And then they all went inside their classroom so that the kid with red hair couldn't make lightning go on them or couldn't make any of those sprinkles that pop fall on them or the glue come out of his shoe and go on them. And then when they were all inside, Jesse said, oh, I have an idea. And one of the teachers said, jesse, what's your idea? And Jesse said, how about a butterfly net? And Jesse's idea was to attach a butterfly net to a ladder. And as the kid with the red hair was flying you should put the ladder with the butterfly net in the way and catch the kid. And so that's what the fire department did. They got out the ladder, and then they hid the butterfly net and they put it at the end of the ladder. And then they told one kid to go outside so that the kid with the red hair would, like, try to get glue on him. And as the kid with the red hair flapped his arms and went back to the playground one of the people from the fire department caught him in a big butterfly net after they got him in a butterfly net, and they got him all the way down to the playground. They said, Why were you even being mean, and why were you putting glue on kids? And why were you making, like, special kinds of clouds? And the kid with the red hair said that he used to be a regular kid, but he ate a kind of spider. And after he ate the spider, he got, like, this firework thing in his eyes. And there was a teacher who said she heard about that, and the spider must have been a poison spider. And she said there is one thing that they could do to make him a regular, nice kid again. And he said, what is it? And she said they have to go to the hospital to get something called antivenom. An antivenom is a kind of potion that you put on, like a kid who might get who might eat a poisonous spider. And so they took him to the hospital, and they poured a little bit of the antivenom in a little cup, and they mixed it with orange juice. And he drank that cup of water. And as he drank it, the fireworks in his eyes went away, and he got regular eyes again. And then his shoes stopped having glue go out of them. And he noticed that when he tried to flap his arms, he could jump a little bit, but only, like, the same amount. As a regular kid. He couldn't fly anymore. And when he tried to make those clouds that made sprinkles go out, all that happened was he would just sneeze. And so he wasn't able to make those kinds of clouds anymore. And he said he was sorry for what he did, but that he felt like it was a little spider inside him that was controlling him and that the spider was gone now. The doctor said it was okay and that he should stay away from spiders from then on. And the kid agreed. And Jesse also said it was okay because it was just a mistake and everyone forgave the kid. And he went back to his family, and Jesse and Jonah and everyone else lived happily ever after. The end.