Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Emily. Emily lived in a really tall building that looked like a lollipop. The building had elevators that didn't go straight up, but instead, they went on the outside of the lollipop building. And you could see through the elevators because the walls were made of glass. Anyone who took an elevator ride in Emily's lollipop building could see the whole city in front of them, with all the houses, cars, school buses, and playgrounds in the whole city.

Now, the lollipop building wasn't so high that you could see the whole world, but it was high enough that if you went in the glass elevator on the outside of the building, you could see the whole city. When Emily looked from the top of the glass elevator and her lollipop building, she saw a playground far away that looked like it was closed and that nobody went to it anymore. Emily said, "Mom, look. Far away. I see that playground. Do you think we could drive to it?" And Emily's mom suggested they ride bikes instead.

So Emily and her mom got on their bikes and rode through some trails all over the city until they reached the closed playground. While they were looking at the closed playground, Emily noticed monkey stickers all over the signs. Some of the monkey stickers were really big, as big as a whole slide, and some were so small, they were just as little as a button.

Emily told her mom that she wondered if the monkey stickers meant that the playground was closed for people, but still open for monkeys. She also asked her mom if this playground used to be near a sticker factory. Just as she asked that, two little monkeys came out from under one of the slides. One of the monkeys was named Mickey Monkey, and the other was named Molly Monkey. These were the monkeys on the stickers!

The monkeys came right up to Emily, and they were teeny tiny monkeys. They ran up to her shoulder and fit on her shoulders. One of the monkeys put his finger in Emily's ear and the other monkey put his finger in Emily's other ear. Why would they do that? Because it made Emily laugh! That's when she realized these were the silliest monkeys. Then a monkey decided to do a handstand on her head. One of the monkeys jumped all the way up to the top of the monkey bars in the playground and started to play on the monkey bars. Emily told her mom that this must be why they call them the monkey bars.

Emily told her mom that this must be called the Unique Playground because there were so many monkeys that played here. Later, it was time to go home. Emily said goodbye to the monkeys, and she and her mom rode their bikes through the trails, over the troll bridge, past the different parks and shops, all the way back to their lollipop building with the glass elevator.

After they finished riding their bikes and arrived at the Lollipop building with the glass see-through elevator, Emily turned around and saw something unbelievable. The two monkeys, Mickey and Molly Monkey, had followed her the whole way, riding on her shoulders without her knowing! The monkeys hopped off her shoulders and wanted to go in the see-through elevator on the lollipop building because monkeys love fun rides.

Emily asked her mom what she should do. Her mom said, "I think that Mickey and Molly Monkey really belong in the monkey playground, but maybe they could come in the elevator for a ride and then go back home later." Emily agreed.

The monkeys decided to do cartwheels all the way into the lollipop building. When they got inside, the monkeys both wanted to press the elevator button. Emily told the monkeys that she would choose who got to press it. She decided to have a race: whoever got to the elevator button first would be the one to press it. Mickey and Molly raced to the elevator button, but it was a tie! Emily needed a different contest to see which monkey could press the elevator button.

Emily told Mickey and Molly Monkey that they needed to have a cartwheel contest to see which monkey could do the most cartwheels with their eyes closed in the lobby of the Lollipop building. Emily counted down, "Three, two, one, go!" Mickey and Molly Monkey started doing so many cartwheels all the way through the building. Soon, a grown-up in the building said, "Too many cartwheels!" Emily and her mom realized that they couldn't decide which monkey was the winner and who got to press the elevator button through the cartwheel contest. So Emily needed one last contest.

Emily thought about how to decide which monkey should press the button. She decided the fairest solution would be to let both Mickey and Molly Monkey press the elevator button at the same time. That way, it would be fair. She told Mickey and Molly the rule, and they pressed the elevator button at the same time. When the elevator door opened, you won't believe who was in the glass elevator: Sparkles the Unicorn!

Sparkles the Unicorn was the sparkliest unicorn in the whole world. Sparkles wanted to know directions to the monkey playground, so he was going for a ride to the top of the Lollipop building to see where it was, too. While Sparkles the Unicorn said hello to Emily and Mickey and Molly Monkey, they all rode to the top of the Lollipop building in the very fun see-through elevator. When they got to the top, they all decided to have a party together.

Sparkles the Unicorn started to sing some silly unicorn songs while Emily helped Mickey and Molly take just little licks from the lollipop wall. They didn't want to lick too much off the wall, or else the wall wouldn't be as strong anymore. That was the rule. They had such a fun Lollipop building party! Later that night, Emily went back into her apartment in the building and said goodbye to her special friends. Emily and her family lived happily ever after. The end.