Welcome to makeup stories. My name's Audrey. Made Up Stories is the best podcast ever. Hi, my name is Emily, and I live in Ireland. I'm four years old, and I'm nearly I'm in nearly five in the 21 March, and I live in Ireland. And I would like a story about Mickey the monkey, molly the monkey, Emily, and sparkle the unicorn on a rainbow. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Emily who lives in Ireland and who turns five years old tomorrow on March 25. And so we want to say happy Birthday, Emily. Happy birthday, Emily. And Emily asked for us to make up a story that includes Mickey and Molly, monkeys, sparkles the unicorn, and a rainbow. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Emily. Emily lived in a really tall building that was shaped like a lollipop. The building had elevators that didn't go straight up, but instead, they went on the outside of the lollipop building. And you can see through the elevators because the walls were made of glass. And anyone who was going on an elevator ride in Emily's lollipop building got to see the whole city in front of them, and they can see all the houses and all the cars and all the school buses and all the playgrounds in the whole city. Well, the lollipop building wasn't so high that you could see the whole world, but it was high enough that if you went in that elevator that was made of glass that went on the outside of the lollipop building, you could see the whole city. When Emily was looking from the top of the glass elevator and her lollipop building, she could see that far away, there was a playground that looked like it was closed and that nobody went to it anymore. And Emily said, mom, look. Far away. I see that playground. Do you think we could drive to it? And Emily's mom said, maybe they should ride bikes. So Emily and her mom got on their bikes, and they started to ride their bikes through some trails all over the city until they got to the closed playground. While they were looking at the closed playground, there were some monkey stickers that Emily could see all over the signs. And some of the monkey stickers were really big stickers that were as big as, like, a whole slide. And some of the monkey stickers were so small, they were just as little as a button. And Emily told her mom that she wondered the monkey stickers mean that that playground was closed, but it was still open for monkeys. And Emily told her mom that she loved the monkey stickers, and she wanted to know if this playground used to be by a sticker factory. And just as she asked that to her mom, she saw that from under one of the slides, there were two little monkeys that came. And one of the monkeys was named Mickey monkey, and the other monkey was named Molly monkey. And those were the monkeys that were on the stickers. And the monkeys came right up to Emily and they were teeny tiny monkeys. So they ran right up to her shoulder and they fit on her shoulders. And one of the monkeys put his finger in Emily's ear and the other monkey put his finger in Emily's other ear. Why would they do that? Because it made Emily laugh. And that's when she realized those were the silliest monkeys. And then a monkey decided to do a handstand on her head. And one of the monkeys jumped all the way up to the top of the monkey bars in the playground and started to go on the monkey bars. And Emily told her mom that this must be why not call them the u a monkey bar. And Emily told her mom that this must be called the UE playground because there were so many monkeys that played in this playground. Later it was time to go home. And so Emily said goodbye to the monkeys. And Emily rode her bike and Emily's mom rode her bike all the way through the trails, over the troll bridge, past the different parks and the shops, all the way back to their lollipop building with the glass elevator. After they finished riding their bikes and they got to the Lollipop building with the glass see through elevator, emily turned around and you will not believe what she saw. What? She saw that the two monkeys, Mickey and Molly monkey, they followed her the whole way and they were really going for a ride on her shoulders and that's why she didn't know. And so the monkeys hopped off her shoulders and they wanted to go in the see through elevator on the lollipop building because monkeys love fun rides. So Emily asked her mom what she should do. And Emily's mom said, I think that Mickey and Molly Monkey really belong in the monkey playground, but maybe they could come in the elevator for a ride and then they could go back home later. And Emily said yay. Well, the monkeys decided to do some cartwheels all the way into the lollipop building. And when they got into the lollipop building, the monkeys said me, me. No, because they both wanted to press the button for the elevator. And Emily told the monkeys that she was going to choose who it was. And she decided to do I have an idea. What's your idea? Take torns pressing the button. And Emily told Mickey and Molly monkey that she had an idea that was fair. She said it was going to be a race. Whoever gets to the elevator button first is the monkey that gets to ask to be first. And so Mickey and Molly raced to the elevator button. And do you know what happened, bud? What? It was a tie so Emily said she needed a different contest to see which monkey could press the elevator button. How about cartwheels? And Emily told Mickey and Molly monkey that they needed to have a cartwheel contest to see which monkey could do the most cartwheels with their eyes closed in the lobby of the Lollipop building. And Emily said, okay, I'm going to count down. Three, two, one, and then go. And Emily said, three, two, one, go. And Mickey and Molly monkey started to do so many cartwheels all the way through the building. Soon, a grown up in the building said, too many cartwheels. And so Emily and her mom realized that they couldn't decide which monkey was the winner and who got to press the elevator button through the Cartwheel contest. So Emily needed one last contest. And Emily was thinking, how can I get to decide which monkey should press it? You know what? I really think that this is them. They could press at the same time. Both. And Emily decided the fairest solution would be if she let both Mickey and Molly monkey press the elevator button at the same time. And that way it's fair. So she told Mickey and Molly the rule. And Mickey and Molly pressed the elevator button at the same time. And when the elevator door opened, you will not believe who was in the glass elevator. Who? Sparkles the unicorn. Sparkles the Unicorn is the sparkliest unicorn in the whole world. And Sparkles the Unicorn wanted to know directions to the monkey playground. So he was going for a ride to the top of the Lollipop building so he could see where it was, too. While Sparkles the Unicorn said hello to Emily and also to Mickey and Molly monkey, they rode to the top of the Lollipop building in the very fun see through elevator. And when they got to the top, they all decided to have a party together. So sparkles, the unicorns started to sing but are they allowed to leak the walls? Because I thought they made out of lollipop. Sparkles the Unicorn started singing some silly unicorn songs while Emily was helping Mickey and Molly take just little licks from the lollipop wall because they didn't want to lick too much off the wall or else the wall wouldn't be as strong anymore. So that was the rule. And they had such a fun Lollipop building party. And later that night, Emily went back into the building in her apartment, and she said goodbye to her special friends. And Emily and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Donnia. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.