Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jonah. Jonah was raised in a forest by a group of baboons, and the baboons were like big monkeys, and they looked a little bit like people. When Jonah was a baby, he was alone in the forest, and the baboons found him and decided to take care of him. The baboons that lived in the forest also had pet dogs, and they kind of treated Jonah like he was a pet. They didn't know that people usually have pets, and for the baboons, they saw a person and thought that would be their pet.

So Jonah lived with all of the baboons in the middle of the forest, and he was kind of like a pet. Some of the baboons were good pet owners, and they treated him really nicely. There were other baboons that didn't really give him enough food on time and stuff like that. But in general, the baboons did teach Jonah a lot of tricks, and so he got to be very good at swinging from trees, climbing up trees, hiding in the forest, tracking different animals, doing ninja moves, and all of that kind of stuff.

When Jonah was a teenager, there was a rival clan of baboons, a troop from a different part of the forest, and the other baboons were coming into the territory of Jonah's baboon clan. The baboons that lived in the other part of the forest were all coming, carrying pillowcases, and they didn't have any weapons. But the baboons that Jonah lived with were all afraid of those pillowcases because the pillowcases were kind of like traps. If one of the bad baboons got the pillowcases on the head of a good baboon, then that would make the good baboon turn into a bad baboon. And so the baboons that took care of Jonah had to run away into the trees to make sure that the bad baboons didn't put the pillowcases all over their heads.

But unfortunately, one of the bad baboons got a pillowcase on top of Jonah's head, because even though he learned a lot of the ninja tricks, he still wasn't as fast as a real baboon. Jonah could feel his hair changing colors. Normally, his hair was blonde, but his hair started to change, and the color very quickly became red. Jonah's eye colors also started to change. He couldn't really tell because he didn't have a mirror, but his eyes felt different, and he couldn't see any colors anymore. Suddenly, everything was black and white. And then, as Jonah was smelling in the air, everything started to smell bad, kind of like rotten food.

Jonah looked around, and he wanted to know if he had become bad because the pillowcase went on him. And all of his friendly baboons that took care of him since he was a kid, they all disappeared. He was all alone with the bad baboons. The bad baboons surrounded Jonah, and the bad baboons saw that Jonah's hair changed from blonde to red. Jonah told them that they shouldn't take him as a prisoner because he was a person, and he was just listening to what the other baboons said. And the bad baboons decided to let Jonah go. They didn't capture him.

So Jonah had to walk through the forest along a river until he got to the very edge of the forest. And when he got to the edge of the forest, he saw some round structures that were made of wheat and hay, and he saw that they had a roof on them. He had never seen a house before, and he had definitely never been to a village. Jonah thought that he was the only person in the whole world.

Jonah saw that in the village, there was one house that had a light on, so he waited until it was nighttime. And when it was dark, he was really good at sneaking. So he snuck quietly through the field, hopped over the fence, and walked all the way into the house that had its light on. And when he got in the house, he saw that there was some dinner left over at a table, and it was Jonah's first time seeing people food. So Jonah sneakily gobbled it up. And then Jonah went out of the house, and he slept outside during the night. And while he was sleeping, there were a bunch of bugs and flies that went all over his face. And when he woke up the next morning, he had some bug bites.

The next morning, when Jonah got up, he saw that a big cloud was coming, and the cloud was rolling into the sky. And it wasn't like a storm cloud because the cloud was blue. The cloud was something that Jonah heard about from the baboons. The baboons always told Jonah that there was a day when the blue clouds would come and Jonah would learn to talk and be like a regular person. That day had arrived.

The blue clouds kept coming and coming. They were all over the sky until the blue clouds were so big that was all you could see; they were even bigger than the moon. And the blue clouds started raining. And when the blue rain touched Jonah, Jonah realized that he could talk. And he went back inside the house that had the light on. And the people inside saw him. And they said, "Who are you?" And Jonah told them the story of how he was raised by baboons. And there were some bad baboons that scared away the good baboons. And they put this pillowcase on top of his head. And the pillowcase made his hair change colors and made his eye change colors and made him only see in black and white and made everything smell and made him feel kind of mean.

And that's when the people said, "Jonah, you should look in a mirror." And Jonah looked in a mirror, and he saw that his hair really didn't change colors. And he realized that everything smelled regular and his eyes didn't change colors, and he was actually just a regular person. And Jonah asked if the blue rain that came from the big blue cloud is what made him a regular person. And the people whose house they were in said they didn't know. And Jonah and those people lived happily ever after. The end.