Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived two boys whose names were Tobin and Leven. Tobin and Leven liked to go on a lot of hikes to explore. Well, they didn't like to explore all by themselves because sometimes it was scary to be outside alone. So Tobin and Leven usually let their parents come with them, and they would also bring their doggie, and their doggie's name was Quinnie.

One day, Tobin and Leven went with their parents on a hike in a mountain. And as they were hiking on the mountain, their doggie, Quinnie, got distracted, and Quinnie went off of a trail near a creek where there was some water flowing. And Tobin and Leven decided they would go to get Quinnie because they didn't want Quinnie the doggie to be drinking that water. And so Tobin said, "Quinnie, come back here." And Quinnie said and he wouldn't listen. And so Tobin told his dad and his mom that he and Leven would just go to the creek and see if Quinnie was okay. And his parents said that they were going to come with him.

Well, they all went to the creek, and what they saw was pretty special. There was a magical river. And the magical river is the reason that Quinnie the dog was barking. It was their first time seeing a magical river, because a magical river is not something that you see every day. Magical rivers are so colorful. They flow just like the rainbow. And sometimes you can see Fruit Loops and Lucky Charms and other kinds of yummy cereal floating through the river. And also, the fish in this river were really silly because the fish gummy get there. Yes, because they were made out of gummy fish. And there were really silly octopuses, because the octopus were shaped like spiders, and they lived in the water. And the magical river was so special.

Well, suddenly, as they were looking at the magical river, they saw something really special. And Tobin was the first one who saw it. And he said, "Look." And he pointed to the other side of the river, and there was a boat made out of Lego. And Tobin asked his parents if they thought that the boat would be sturdy because it was made out of Lego. And his dad looked at the boat and said, "This is so sturdy." So Tobin went with his family in the Lego boat down the magical river.

And as they got farther down the magical river, they passed something really special. They passed some trees on the side of the river that grew chicken nuggets. And the chicken nugget trees were pretty silly because the way the chicken nuggets would get off the trees is birds would pick them off the trees and fly all the way to the chicken nugget factory, where they would drop them off. And there were some colorful birds which would pick the chicken nuggets from the tree and fly them all the way to the supermarket. And there was one bird named Dodo Bird who would take the chicken nuggets off the trees on the side of this rainbow magical river, and he would take the chicken nuggets all the way to kids' homes.

And Tobin thought that this was a really silly place. And he saw that floating in the river was a big rubber ducky. And the rubber ducky was yellow, and it was kind of like a bath toy, but it was real life size. And they kept floating down the magical river. Soon the magical river opened up into a magic ocean. The ocean wasn't so deep, because it was magic. And the ocean was shallow enough, it was easy enough to go in that you didn't even need a boat anymore. You could just walk in it because the water was not deep. And the magic water was also floaty, so you couldn't sink. And so Tobin and Laven went with their parents and started to walk around the magic ocean.

As they walked around the magic ocean, Quinnie, their doggie, said, "Once more," and Tobin said, "I wonder if he found something else." And Leven said, "I think that he has." And Tobin said, "Usually Leven doesn't speak in full sentences." And their parents laughed. Well, when they looked at what Quinnie was barking at, they saw something pretty big. This thing was a dinosaur. And the dinosaur was not a regular dinosaur. This was a dinosaur that didn't eat any other animals. This was a dinosaur that didn't eat people. This was a dinosaur that didn't even eat any vegetables. The only thing that this dinosaur would eat were the chicken nuggets from the chicken nugget trees.

And the dinosaur asked Tobin and Leven if they knew where any chicken nugget trees were. And Tobin said he did. And the dinosaur said he could give them a ride if they wanted to go to the chicken nugget tree together. And Tobin hopped on the dinosaur, as did Leven. And their parents walked right next to the dinosaur to make sure as they got all the way to the special ice cream shop that was there. And the ice cream shop was selling ice cream that got made out of sugar out of sugar chicken. The ice cream shop was really silly because it had a kind of chicken nugget ice cream and that was something that Tobin and his brother Laven had never seen before.

Well, the ice cream shop was made out of Lego because the ice cream shop, the whole entire store was made out of Lego, just like the boat that Tobin and Laven got to this magical place in. And they decided that they would get a special chicken nugget ice cream that was looked like chicken nugget, but really it was cold and full of ice cream. And after they got out of the Lego store, they went back to their Lego boat and they rode off of the Magic River and got back to the mountains where they started and headed back home from their hike.

After their hike, Tobin's daddy and Mama said, "Happy birthday to you two." And Tobin became five. And Tobin and Levin and their whole family lived happily ever after. The end.