Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old girl whose name was Prizelle. Sometimes before bedtime, Prizel's mom read her a book. And there was a special book that had a lot of fairy pictures in it and a lot of twinkling stars. And that book was called Foofu the Fairy from Fairyland. And the book Foofu the Fairy from Fairyland was a very interesting book because when her mom opened the book, the first picture showed a regular girl with no fairy wings and no fairy dress and no fairy crown and definitely no fairy wings. But in the book that Priscell's mom read, Foofu the Fairy lived in this special place where none of the fairies had any wings. And in the book, what happened was Foofu the Fairy decided to make friends with some bees, and she went to a beehive and told the bees that she would help them collect nectar from flowers and help them turn it into honey using her fairy magic if the bees could let her borrow some wings. And one of the bees named Biggie Bee said, but Foofu Fairy, it'll hurt us if we take off our wings because we're not going to be able to put them back on. And Foo Foo Fairy told the bee that there was a magic way to take wings off of bees and put them on fairies, and it wouldn't hurt the bees at all because you didn't use scissors or anything. There was a button that you pressed, and then when it went on, the fairies, the fairies could fly. And one of the bees said, okay, but do it gently when we try. And foo foo fairy said magic. Magic. And she waved her wand in the beehive, and suddenly the bee's wings floated off the bee and went on to Foofu Fairy. And the same thing happened with all of the other fairies who lived with Foofu Fairy. They made a line outside of the beehive. The beehive was on a tree, and so they had to climb up the tree one by one and squeeze into the little beehive because the entrance was not so big, and then do some magic and make the wings fly off of a bee and go on the ferry after they did that because they had wings. They started flittering and fluttering and floating in the air just like butterflies. And they saw that there was a tree that did not grow leaves on the branches of the magic tree. There were fairy dresses and fairy crowns, and the wind blew. And when the wind blew, all of the fairy dresses and fairy crowns started falling off of the tree, and the fairies could just pick them up and put them on. And then there was a whistling sound. And just as there was that whistling sound, some magic wands fell from the sky, and all of the fairies picked it up. Well, that's what the book that Purcell's mom used to read to her. And Dylan said, but the book never said what the fairies did after they got their fairy wings. And it never said what the fairies did with their magic wands. And it never said how the fairies ever got the wings back to the bees. So Purcell asked her, mom, mom, how did the bees end up getting their wings back? And Purcell's mama said, purcell, I'm going to tell you the answer, but you're going to have to keep it a secret, because if too many kids know about this story that I'm about to tell you, then all of them are going to want to try this. And Pracell said, okay, Mom, I'll keep it a secret. Tell me what happened to the fairies and what magic they did, and if they were able to give the bees back their wings. And Pricell's mom said, Purcell, one day before Dylan was born, when you were a toddler, we went to an aquarium. An aquarium is like a place. It's like a building that has a big fish tank. And the fish tank is so big, it could be bigger than a house. And there could be sharks that swim in the fish tank, and there could be alligators, and there could be big fish, and there could be colorful fish, and there could be fish that had little teeth and no teeth, and even fish that used to go up and down and sideways and backwards. Well, Pricelle's mom said that at the aquarium they went to, she brought a toy boat. And Pricelle always loved this toy boat for bath time, but she threw it in the aquarium because she was a toddler, and sometimes toddlers do things like that. Once the boat that Priscell threw into the aquarium got in the water, it turned into a real boat. It changed from a toy boat, and it turned into a big sailship, and it was sailing around the aquarium. And Prisel looked while she was a toddler, she looked through the aquarium windows, and she saw that there was a mermaid and that the mermaid was crying, and the mermaid was trying to go into the sailship that came out of her toy boat. And when the mermaid cried, she cried, blue tears, and the blue tears were like food coloring. And when it went into the water, the water got bluer and bluer. So Pracell said, Mermaid, mermaid, why are you sad? And the mermaid said, My name is Minnie Mermaid, and I am sad, and I am crying on this boat because there was a shark in the aquarium that was being mean to me. And Purcell said, well, what was the shark doing? And the mermaid said, the shark wasn't sharing a toy. And Purcell said, well, what was the toy? And the mermaid said, the toy was a toy boat. And Purcell said, yeah, that was my toy boat. I threw it in the aquarium. And the mermaid said she had to turn it into a big sailboat to float around the aquarium, because otherwise the shark was going to keep it all to himself and never return the funnest bath toy ever. Well, Pricell told the mermaid that it's okay and she didn't need to cry. And Prisel also had a snack with her and asked the mermaid if she wanted to share some snack. And the mermaid said yes. Well, just as she started sharing some snack, do you know who flew through the windows of the aquarium? The fairy. Yeah, the fairies. The fairies came back, and the fairies were carrying the bees on their shoulders. And the fairy said, fairy, fairy, I am going to turn the sailboat back into a toy boat so that Prisell can play with it. And the fairies came to the rescue and turned it back into a bath toy boat. And using their fairy wings, they picked it up out of the aquarium water. And the mermaid said, thank you for all your help. And they gave the toy boat back to Purcell to play with in bath time. Well, Prisell decided to ask the fairies how they traded wings with the bees. And the fairy said, Just watch. And Prisel looked as a fairy waved her magic wand, and the wings came off of the fairy, and they flapped about in the air all by themselves. And they went right on a bee. And then a lot of bees would get together, and they would carry the fairies through the air by their hand back to the beehive until they could trade wings again. And Priscell and her one-year-old brother Dylan lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to Make Up because they'll like it.