Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. I'm your host, Steve. If you like the story I'm about to tell, please subscribe and tell your friends. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a girl named Evie. And Evie asked for us to make up a story that has a puppy in it and a people that go to a faraway place and friendly people and animals. And we're going to add a book and a tsunami. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Evie. And every night, as Evie would go to sleep, she would listen to a Stories podcast, and she would listen carefully to the words. And in one of the stories that she heard on the podcast, there was a person who told her about a treasure map. And Evie listened to the story about the treasure map. And in the treasure map story, there was a big girl named Evie who opened up her sock drawer in the morning to look for some socks. And in the sock drawer, she saw there were no socks, and she asked her mama why there were no socks in the sock drawer. And her mama said that there was a friendly doggie who is Evie's puppy. And the puppy was a baby doggie. And the puppy took all of the socks and hid them somewhere in the house. And so Evie said, Puppy, puppy, where are you? And she looked around the house until she heard a woof woof, woof woof, and it was her puppy. And finally, she found her puppy right by the bathroom, looking next to where her mama kept the towels. And Evie said, can you open up that drawer? And Evie had never looked in this jar again. And the doggie helped her open it. The doggie bit onto the handle with his mouth, and they opened up the jar. And do you know what Eevee found? Socks. She found her missing socks. But there was also something shiny and twinkly in the jar. And the thing that was so shiny and twinkly in the drawer had nice colors on it, and it looked kind of magical. And there was a cloud that was right next to the shiny, magical, twinkly, sparkly, glittery thing. So she blew on it, and when she blew on it, a little part of the cloud went away, but most of the cloud stayed. And she picked it up, and she saw it was a map. Well, Evie unfolded the map, which was blue, and a piece of paper and had some drawing on it and some colors and some letters. And as she picked up the map and unfolded it to make the map bigger and to look what the map said, she saw that suddenly there were bubbles that were bubbling out of the map, and the bubbles would go up, and they would look like the same colors as the map. And Evie told her mom that she found a secret treasure map. And Evie's mama came and looked at the treasure map, and Evie's mama confirmed that, yes, indeed, this was a special treasure map. The treasure map showed a picture of a faraway land, and in the picture of the faraway land, it showed some cotton candy. Cotton candy is a yummy kind of candy that has a lot of sugar and that kids like to eat. And in the Cotton Candy Land, it said there was a wonderful treasure. And Evie asked her mom how they could go to the Cotton Candy Land that the magical map showed, and her mama said she wasn't sure, just as her mama said she wasn't sure. Evie was lucky enough that something came through the window, and the thing that came through the window was a fairy. And the fairy had wings. And it told Evie that she could help Evie go to the secret magical island. And the ferry brought Evie a bicycle that had some wings. And whenever eevee pedaled on the bicycle, the wings on the bicycle flapped, flapped, flapped, and the bicycle could fly through the air, and the bicycle's wings looked like butterfly wings. So Evie got on the bicycle, and she didn't even need to have to be good at balancing on it because the wings helped her balance. And she started pedaling around, and the butterfly wings on the bicycle started flapping up and down, and the bicycle started to fly. As it started to fly, it was nighttime, and Evie could see in outer space, there were so many wonderful stars. And she kept riding on the bicycle, following the ferry over the ocean through some magical clouds and passed the smell of grape juice until she got to the magic Treasure Island. When she got to the magic treasure island, she saw that her puppy was also there waiting for her. And she asked her puppy how her puppy got to the magic island. The puppy said woof. Woof. And Evie said, I don't understand what you're saying. And then the puppy showed her a different bicycle that had two different sets of pedals, one for the puppy's front legs and one for the puppy's back legs that also had butterfly wings. And Evie said, oh, you had a special doggy bicycle that had butterfly wings, and you followed me here. And the doggie said yes. Well, when she got to the magic island, evie saw so many kids that were so friendly on this magic island. All of the kids were nice, and all of the kids liked to play, and all of the kids shared, and none of the kids yelled. And all of the kids told Evie that they liked her so much and they wanted to be her friend. And Evie told the kids on this island that she could be their friends, too. There was a special part of the island which was called Toyland. And in Toyland, there were toys all over. And there were so many toys that even if two different kids wanted the same toy, they could both have it, because there were always more than one of them. There were always at least two toys. Well, Evie found something nice for her to play with there, and it was a kind of soccer ball. And Eevee used the soccer ball, and she and her puppy played soccer. Well, as they played soccer, somebody was on the beach, and the person on the beach said, there's a big wave coming. And Evie said, Why is there a big wave coming? And the person said, I think it's a tsunami. And a tsunami is when a big giant wave from the ocean comes onto the land, and it could wash away so many things. Well, Evie looked, and the people were right. There was a big giant tsunami coming. This was not a regular tsunami, because the ocean that surrounded the magic island was made out of grape juice, and it was purple. And the ocean had a lot of grape juice that was coming into the island at the same time, and it was making big waves of grape juice. And Eevee told everyone that they had to save the day because they didn't want too much grape juice to destroy all the toys on the island. And so Evie had an idea. Evie's idea was they would take all of the toys, and they would put them in a row to block the water, and the water wouldn't be able to get over the toys because there were so many toys. And Eevee told everyone they should put umbrellas on top of the toys, and that is what they did. So all of Eevee's friends on the island and there were so many friendly friends, started to build a pile of toys with umbrellas on the outside, and the tsunami of grape juice could not get past that. Only a little bit of grape juice got through. And that grape juice the kids put in cups, and they drank it. Grape juice is a yummy drink. Really? Just vinegar? Yes. And after the tsunami went away, the kids saw a rainbow on the island, and the rainbow looked so pretty. And at the end of the rainbow, evie saw that there was a treasure, and the treasure was a pot of gold. And in addition to the gold, it also had a magic genie. Well, Evie got the treasure, and she told her friends that she was going to have to go back to her house because it was getting time to wake up again. And she had fallen asleep while the person was telling her the story. And her friend said, bye bye. So Evie went back to her house, and as she was sleeping in her bed, she decided she would write a book about her adventure. The next morning, Evie woke up, and she told her mom that she had a dream about going to a magic island and finding a treasure. And Evie's mom told her maybe the dream was just pretend. But Evie looked at her bed, and Evie saw a lantern with a magic genie and some gold. So she decided to keep it a secret. And Evie's mama thought that the story was just pretend and that Evie just had a dream. But Evie knew for real that she got a real treasure. And Evie and her parents lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. Story ideas come from listeners just like you. So if you want me to make up a story for you, then just leave a review on itunes with your name, your age, and two things you want to the story. If you want me to wish you a happy birthday on the podcast, then you can ask me to do that on Facebook, Twitter, or gmail, where my username is makeup stories. See you next time.