Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl whose name was Evelyn. And Evelyn lived in a special color city. In the color city that Evelyn lived in, everyone got to paint their own houses. And the way people painted their houses was they splashed paint on the walls of the house, and then they used their hands to mush and mash and mish and mush all of the paint. And they got to rub the paint with their hands over their walls and to make it in special designs. And some people like to do it with red paint over the walls, and then they put their hands in the red paint and mushed it. And some people like to do it with green paint. But Evelyn's house was different. Evelyn lived in a rainbow house, and Evelyn's rainbow house had so many different colors of paint, when Evelyn painted it with her hands, her mama told her that she ought to wash her hands off with soap after she was done. And Evelyn's house had a little river encircling the house. There's a little river right around the house, and the river was full of green paint, and there was a troll bridge to get over the river and to the front door of Evelyn's house. So anyone who wanted to go to Evelyn's house had to walk over the troll bridge and get past the green paint river that made a circle around her house. And after you got into Evelyn's house, you would see that there were some really silly things, because in Evelyn's house, there were trees and there were flowers, and there were even a lot of birdies who lived in Evelyn's house and went tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet. Evelyn loved her city because she got to ride on a colorful bicycle. And all of the street lights, when you were in the street in the evening and at nighttime, had special colors. And some of the street lights were yellow, and some were red, and some were green, and some were blue. And the candy store in this city was the best candy store because it had every color lollipop, and it even had chocolate that was yellow. Well, one day, Evelyn was walking around the city, and I was thinking you were going to say yellow. And one day, Evelyn walked around the city, and as she was walking around the city, she tripped on some licorice. Licorice is a kind of candy that's red, and she fell down on the floor, and she got a scrape on her knee. And when the scrape started to bleed, she started to cry. And Evelyn said, wow. And suddenly Evelyn's mama got to her and said that she's going to be okay, and she put a magical bandaid on top. This was called a poof bandaid. And when you put the poof bandaid on top of the boo boo, the mama says, poof. And the boo boo starts to feel better. Well, the mama said poof when she put the poof bandaid on Evelyn. And suddenly Evelyn felt better. But her mama must have done something silly when she said poof, because it also made a unicorn come. And the unicorn flew down from the sky, and the unicorn was so white, and everything else in the city was so colorful. And Evelyn asked her mom if it was a real unicorn and why the real unicorn was coming to the rainbow colored city. And her mama said, sometimes if little kids fall down and get boo boos and they get poof bandaids on the booboos, then when you say poof, a unicorn could come. And the unicorn came. And the unicorn said to Evelyn, I have a special unicorn way of making boo boos better. And Evelyn said, what is it? And the unicorn said, well, unicorns know how to make kids boo boos better. If they just lick the boo boo, when they lick the boo boo, it makes it feel all better. The unicorn licked Evelyn's boo boo, and Evelyn and her family lived happily ever after. The end.