Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jonah. It was summertime, and Jonah's summer camp was going on an adventure in some boats. There were two kids in each kayak, with a lifeguard in the front kayak and another in the back kayak. All of Jonah's friends were in the kayaks in between, paddling through a river. They saw fish jumping up the river as they went. The kids had packed tents, flashlights, and food. Some of them brought hot cocoa, marshmallows, graham crackers, and chocolate because they were going to kayak down the river to a place where they would camp.

Finally, they reached their destination. They also packed some spears because they heard there might be sea beasts. There was a river that led to a sea where many sea beasts lived, and sometimes they would swim up the river. The camp counselor told them that the river was pretty safe. Long ago, it was a stream that sea beasts used to swim down to get to their magical lake. That lake dried up a long time ago, during the last Ice Age, and there were no sea beasts anymore, so it was safe for them to go camping.

It started getting foggy, and soon it was time for them to set up their tents. All of the kids helped tie up the kayaks to trees and put up the tents. Some of the older kids started a fire. The kids began singing songs, dancing, and playing tag as it got darker. They turned on their flashlights until it was time to go into their tents. Fireflies made little lights in the darkness as the kids walked into their tents. The camp counselor blew his whistle and said, "All right, everybody, time for some sleep." The kids laid down on their pillows in their tents, snuggled into their sleeping bags, and everything was quiet.

Before anyone could fall asleep, there was a loud sound, and then it was quiet again. Jonah asked the kid next to him, "Did you hear that too?" But the kid was already asleep. The sound came again, closer this time, and Jonah didn't know what to do. He saw a flashlight on in the tent next to him and heard the sound again. Jonah decided to pretend it wasn't real and went to sleep.

He was the first one to wake up the next morning. It was kind of cold, and when he got up, he went out of his tent because he needed to use the bathroom. He started walking to a tree, but all of the trees were missing their branches, and there were big footprints all over the forest floor. The other kids woke up, and the camp counselors came out of their tents. They saw that the tops of the trees were all missing, and it looked like something had chomped down their branches. They didn't know what could have happened.

One of the camp counselors suggested that maybe some big construction equipment was there during the night while they were sleeping. But the other camp counselor said that couldn't have happened because they would have heard it. And construction equipment would have chopped the trees neatly and evenly, not leaving bite marks. That's when Jonah remembered the sea beast that used to live in the river that led to the place where all the sea beasts lived long ago.

Jonah said, "What about the sea beasts?" The counselor looked at Jonah and said, "Well, that was just a long time ago. There are no sea beasts anymore. They're all extinct." Jonah said, "Well, I think we should just be careful. Let's all stick together." The counselor agreed and told all of the kids to choose a buddy and hold their buddy's hand. All of the kids held a buddy's hand, and they walked back to the kayaks. They got in their kayaks, packed up their tents, and put the kayaks in the water.

Jonah had a bad feeling, like maybe they shouldn't really go into the kayaks, but the camp counselors wouldn't listen. So all of the kids went in the kayaks, put on their life jackets, and the camp counselors and the lifeguard said, "Off we go." They started paddling on the river. As they paddled, it was kind of noisy because the river itself was a little bit noisy, and there were also birds making noises. But then suddenly, Jonah heard that sound again, and then there was a big wave. The wave crashed into the lifeguard's boat in the back, and the boat turned over. The lifeguard managed to turn his boat the right way.

All of the kids looked back, and one of them shouted, "Sea beast!" They saw a big green monster with an alligator head and arms that looked like they had 17 fingers on each hand. The fingers were round and big, and they could move backward and forwards. The sea monster came out of the river and tried to pick up one of the kayaks, the one right next to Jonah. But Jonah grabbed his paddle and hit the sea beast right in its nose. The sea beast dropped the kayak, and Jonah told everyone, "Paddle as fast as you can!"

They started paddling away, but the sea beast was really fast, and Jonah knew that wouldn't work. They had packed spears, and he knew they needed to use them. He told everyone, "Remember the spears!" The other kid in the boat with him picked up his spear, and all of the kids threw their spears at the sea beast all at once. Some of the spears went into the sea beast's nose, but one kid in a kayak in front of Jonah managed to get it straight into the neck of the sea beast. The sea beast fell back into the water, never to be heard from again.

All of the kids cheered for Jonah. When they got back to shore, they told Jonah that they were going to write a summer book about the kid who threw the spear and Jonah, and it would be a magical adventure. Anyone who wanted to buy that book could find it in any store. Jonah and his friends lived happily ever after. The end.