Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jonah. It was summertime, and Jonah's summer camp was going on an adventure in some boats. There were two kids in each kayak, and there was a lifeguard that was in the front kayak and another lifeguard that was in the back kayak. All of his friends were in the kayaks in between, and they were paddling through a river. There were some fish that were jumping up the river in the boats. The kids had packed some tents, and they also had flashlights, and they also had food. Some of the kids brought hot cocoa, marshmallows, graham crackers, and chocolate because they were going to kayak down the river to a place where they were going camping.

Finally, they got to their destination. They also packed some spears because they were told that there happened to be sea beasts. There was a river that led to a sea where there was a bunch of sea beasts, and sometimes they would swim up the river. The camp counselor told them that the river was pretty safe. But it was a river that long ago was kind of a stream that sea beasts used to swim down to get to their magical lake. That lake dried up a long time ago, in the last Ice Age, and there were no sea beasts anymore, so it was safe for them to go camping.

It was getting a little bit foggy, and soon it was time for them to start making their tents. All of the kids helped tie up the kayaks to trees, and they all helped make some tents. Some of the bigger kids got a fire started. The kids started singing some songs, dancing, and playing tag, and it got darker and darker. The kids turned on their flashlights until it was time for them to go in their tents. There were some fireflies that were making little lights in the darkness as the kids walked into their tents. The camp counselor blew his whistle and said, "All right, everybody, time for some sleep." All of the kids laid down on the pillows in their tents, and they were sleeping in their sleeping bags, and everything was quiet.

Before anyone could fall asleep, there was a loud sound, and then it was quiet again. Jonah looked to the kid next to him and said, "Did you hear that too?" But the kid was already asleep. The sound came again, only it was closer this time, and Jonah didn't know what to do. Soon he looked, and he could see that in the tent next to him, there was a flashlight on. He heard the sound again, and Jonah didn't know what to do, so he decided to pretend it wasn't real, and he went to sleep.

He was the first one to wake up the next morning. It was kind of cold, and when he got up, he went out of his tent because he needed to make peepee. He started walking to a tree where he could pee, but all of the trees were missing, and the branches were chomped up, and there were big footprints all over the forest floor. The other kids woke up, and the camp counselors got out of their tents, and they looked around, and they saw that the tops of the trees were all missing, and it looked like something chomped down their branches. They didn't know what could have happened.

One of the camp counselors said, maybe there was some big construction equipment that was there during the night while they were sleeping. But the other camp counselor said that couldn't have happened because then all of us would have heard it. And construction equipment is like with saws. It would have chopped the trees kind of nicely and evenly. It wouldn't have looked like there were bite marks in the trees. And that's when Jonah remembered about the sea beast that used to live in the river that was going to a place where all of the sea beasts lived near there a long time ago.

Jonah said, "What about the sea beasts?" The counselor looked at Jonah and said, "Well, that was just a long time ago. There's no sea beasts anymore. They're all extinct." Jonah said, "Well, I think we should just be careful. Let's all stick together." The counselor said that was a good idea and told all of the kids to choose a buddy and to hold the buddy's hand. All of the kids held a buddy's hand, and they walked back to the kayaks. They got in their kayaks, their tents were packed up, and they put the kayaks in the water.

Jonah had a bad feeling, like maybe they shouldn't really go into the kayaks, but the camp counselors wouldn't listen. So all of the kids went in the kayaks, and they put their life jackets on, and the camp counselors and the lifeguard said, "Off we go." They started paddling on the river. As they paddled on the river, it was kind of noisy because the river itself was a little bit noisy, and there were also birds that were making noises. But then suddenly, Jonah heard that sound again, and then there was a big wave, and the wave crashed into the lifeguard's boat in the back, and the boat turned over, and the lifeguard managed to turn his boat the right way.

All of the kids looked back, and one of the kids said, "Sea beast!" They saw a big green monster with an alligator head and arms that looked like they had 17 fingers in each one of its hands. The fingers were round and big, and the fingers were able to go backward and forwards. The sea monster went out of the river and said, "WH." It bent down to try to pick up one of the kayaks, the one right next to where Jonah was. But Jonah picked up his ore, and he hit the sea beast right in its nose. The sea beast dropped the kayak, and Jonah told everyone, "Paddle as fast as you can!"

They started paddling away, but the sea beast was really fast, and Jonah knew that that wouldn't work. They packed spears, and he knew that that wouldn't work. He told everyone, "Remember, about the spears." The other kid that was in the boat with him picked up his spear, and all of the kids threw their spears at the sea beast all at once. Some of the spears went in the sea beast's nose, but one kid that happened to be in one of the kayaks in front of him managed to get it straight into the neck of the sea beast. The sea beast fell back into the water, never to be heard from again.

All of the kids were cheering for Jonah. When they got back to shore, they told Jonah that they were going to write a summer book about the kid that threw the spear and Jonah, and it was going to be a magical adventure. Whoever wanted to buy that book could buy it in any store. Jonah and his friends lived happily ever after. The end.