Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Charlotte. Go to makeup stories.com to join the makeup club. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends AI tonight's makes Up Story is a request from my older son Jonah, who asked for me to make up a story that includes a magical book and also a sea beast. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jonah. It was summertime, and Jonah's summer camp was going on an adventure in some boats. And there were two kids in each kayak, and there was a lifeguard that was in the front kayak and another lifeguard that was in the back kayak. And all of his friends were in the kayaks in between, and they were paddling through a river. There were some fish that were jumping up the river in the boats. The kids had packed some tents, and they also had flashlights, and they also had food. And some of the kids brought some hot cocoa and marshmallows and graham crackers and chocolate because they were going to go kayak down the river to a place where they were going camping. Finally, they got to their destination. Yabud. Yeah. They also packed some spears because they were told that happened to be sea beasts. That was a lid to a sea where there was a bunch of sea beasts, and sometimes they would swim up the river. Yes, the river that they were on, their camp counselor told them, was pretty safe. But it was a river that long ago was kind of a stream that sea beasts used to swim down to get to their magical lake. But that lake dried up a long time ago, in the last Ice Age, and there were no sea beasts anymore, so it was safe for them to go camping. It was getting a little bit foggy, and soon it was time for them to start making their tents. And so all of the kids helped tie up the kayaks to trees, and they all helped make some tents. And some of the bigger kids got a fire started. And then the kids started singing some songs and dancing and playing tag, and it got darker and darker, and the kids turned on their flashlights until it was time for them to go in their tents. There were some fireflies that were making little lights in the darkness as the kids walked into their tents. And the camp counselor blew his whistle and said, all right, everybody, time for some sleep. And all of the kids laid down on the pillows in their tents, and they were sleeping in their sleeping bags, and everything was quiet. Before anyone could fall asleep, there was a loud sound, and it was kind of like a and then quiet again. Jonah looked to the kid next to him and said, did you hear that, too? But the kid was already asleep. And then the sound came again. We are. Only it was closer this time, and Jonah didn't know what to do. Soon he looked, and he could see that in the tent next to him, there was a flashlight on. And then he heard the sound again. We are jonah didn't know what to do, so he decided to pretend it wasn't real, and he went to sleep. He was the first one to wake up the next morning. It was kind of cold, and when he got up, he went out of his tent because he needed to make peepee. And he started walking to, like, a tree where he could pee, but all of the trees were missing, and the branches were chomped up, and there were big footprints that were all over the forest floor. And then the other kids woke up, and the camp counselors got out of their tents, and they looked around, and they saw that the tops of the trees were all missing, and it looked like something chomped down their branches. And they said they didn't know what could have happened. One of the camp counselors said, maybe there was some big construction equipment that was there during the night while they were sleeping. But the other camp counselor said that couldn't have happened, because then all of us would have heard it. And construction equipment is like with saws. It would have chopped the trees kind of nicely and evenly. It wouldn't have looked like there were bite marks in the trees. And that's when Jonah remembered about the sea beast that used to live in the river that was going to a place where all of the sea beasts lived near there a long time ago. And Jonah said, what about the sea beasts? And the counselor looked at Jonah, and he said, well, that was just a long time ago. There's no sea beasts anymore. They're all extinct. And Jonah said, Well, I think we should just be careful. Like, let's all stick together. And the counselor said that was a good idea, and told all of the kids to choose a buddy and to hold the buddy's hand. And all of the kids held a buddy's hand, and they walked back to the kayaks. They got in their kayaks. Their tents were packed up, and they put the kayaks in the water. And Jonah had a bad feeling, like maybe they shouldn't really go into the kayaks, but the camp counselors wouldn't listen. So all of the kids went in the kayaks, and they put their life jackets on, and the camp counselors and the lifeguard said, off we go. And they started paddling on the river. As they paddled on the river, it was kind of noisy because there was like the river itself was a little bit noisy, and there were also birds that were making noises. But then suddenly, Jonah heard that sound again, and then there was a big wave, and the wave crashed into the lifeguard's boat in the back and the boat turned over and the lifeguard managed to turn his boat the right way. And then all of the kids looked back and one of the kids said, Sea beast. And they saw a big green monster with an alligator head and arms that looked like they had 17 fingers in each one of its hands. And the fingers were round and big, and the fingers were able to go backwards and forwards. And the sea monster went out of the river and said, WH. And he bent down to try to pick up one of the kayaks, the one right next to where Jonah was. But Jonah picked up his ore and he hit the seabee right in its nose. And the seabast dropped the kayak. And Jonah told everyone, paddle as fast as you can. And they started paddling away. But the sea beast was really fast and Jonah knew that that wouldn't work. They packed spears. Yeah. And he knew that that wouldn't work. And he told everyone, remember, about the spears. And the other kid that was in the boat with him picked up his spear and all of the kids threw their spears at the sea beast all at once. And some of the spears went in the sea beast's nose. But one kid that happened to be in one of the kayaks in front of him managed to get it straight into the neck managed to get it straight into the neck of the sea beast. And the sea beast fell back into the water, never to be heard from again. And all of the kids were cheering for Jonah. And when they got back to shore, they told Jonah that was in front of Jonah's kayak and the kid that was in front of Jonah's kayak, who actually threw the spear in the sea beast. And when they got back to shore, the camp counselor said that they were going to write a summer book about the kid that threw the spear and Jonah and it was going to be a magical adventure. And whoever wanted to buy that book could buy it in any store. And Jonah and his friends lived happily ever also after a kid that was like sea beast. Yep, and that kid, too. Good night. Oh, listen to make step stories. My name is Bob Hundred. Go to next. Epstein.com thank you.