Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Ethan. Ethan was going on a boat ride with his parents. They told him they were just going to a regular pond to feed some ducks. So Ethan remembered to bring some bread with him, planning to toss it to the ducks as they followed the boat. Ethan would also help his parents row the boat through the water, and they would have a fun ride. After the boat ride, they planned to have a picnic.

Ethan's parents rented a boat, and they all went to the pond. But when they got there, it seemed a bit different. There was a blue mist, like a rising cloud, all over the pond. That day, the ducks in the pond were really big, as big as elephants! There were also frogs with M&M-like eyes that could jump super high, even as high as airplanes!

In the pond, Ethan and his family saw seaweed growing from the ground into the water, then up into the sky. The seaweed turned into candy, becoming sugary on top and looking like candy canes. Ethan helped his parents get the rowboat into the water. When they put the rowboat in, Ethan got his bread ready and started tossing it to the ducks.

As Ethan watched the ducks, he suddenly saw a waterfall up ahead. It was just a tiny one, more like a fast current. Ethan and his parents went safely over the little waterfall and found themselves in a world full of pirates! These pirates lived near the pond with the blue mist, big ducks, high-jumping frogs, and special candy cane seaweed.

These pirates were really silly. They couldn't talk but thought they could, so they made dog and cat sounds like "woof" and "meow" and laughed. They didn't have regular boats; they made boats out of giant leaves from the biggest trees in the world. The leaves were so big that the pirates stacked them up and floated on the water. Some pirates started coming towards Ethan and his family's rowboat.

As the pirates got closer, Ethan had an idea. He decided to give some bread to the pirates so they would be nice and not try to board their boat. His parents agreed, so Ethan tossed some bread to the pirates. The pirates laughed, thinking it was funny because they had never seen a young child on a boat before. They picked up the bread, put it on their heads, and mushed it into their hair, laughing all the while.

The pirates decided to come to Ethan's boat, but instead of asking for treasure, they wanted to ride on the oars. These pirates were small, about the size of babies, but they were grown-ups. They jumped on the oars and started to dance. As they danced, they moved the oars in rhythm to the music they sang. The pirates sang a song that went, "We row these oars, we row these oars. These oars are ours for rowing. We row these oars, we row these oars, yes, we do."

The dancing pirates took Ethan and his family to a special part of the secret pond where the best coconuts, yummiest cantaloupes, and watermelons grew on trees. To get the fruit off the trees, you had to pull a special leaf at the bottom of the tree. When you did, the fruit would fall slowly using parachutes.

Ethan pulled the leaves, making the coconuts, cantaloupes, and watermelons fall. The pirates caught the fruit, cut it up, and shared it with everyone. Ethan and his parents got the first taste of the delicious fruit, which was as yummy as candy from a candy factory.

Ethan's parents were so proud of him for finding the special place and being nice to the silly pirates. Ethan and his family lived happily ever after. The end.