Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Ethan. Ethan was going with his parents on a boat ride, and his parents said they were just going to go through a regular pond, and they were going to feed some ducks. So Ethan remembered to bring some pieces of bread with him, and his plan was to throw the bread towards the ducks as they were following the boat. And Ethan would help his parents row the boat through the water, and they would have a fun ride. And after they finished riding the boat, Ethan and his parents were going to have a picnic.

So Ethan's parents went ahead and rented a boat, and Ethan went with his parents all the way to the pond. But when they got to the pond, it seemed a little bit different. There was a blue kind of mist, which is like a cloud that's rising, and the blue mist was all over the pond. And in that day, the ducks that were in the pond were really big. The ducks were so big, they were like as big as elephants. And there were also frogs that were in the pond that day. And the frogs were very silly because they had kind of M&Ms for eyes. And the frogs were also able to jump so high they could jump all the way up to, like, where airplanes go.

And in the pond that Ethan and his family went to, they also saw that there were pieces of seaweed that would grow out of the ground and go right into the pond. And then they would go through the pond and grow up all the way into the sky. And the seaweed would kind of grow into candy, and it became sugary on top, and it looked like kind of like candy canes. And Ethan helped his parents get the rowboat out in the water. When they put the rowboat in the water, Ethan got his bread ready, and he started to throw it after the ducks.

Ethan was looking back, looking at the ducks, when suddenly he could see they approached a waterfall. And this was the kind of waterfall where if you went over, it was just a teeny little bit like two inches. Like it was more like a fast current than anything. And Ethan and his parents went safely over the little waterfall. On the other side of the waterfall. They got to a world where there were so many pirates, the pirates that lived in the world that was by the pond, which had the blue mist and the big ducks and the frogs that jumped so high and the special kind of candy canes that grew out of seaweed, that came from the land to the water to the sky.

Well, the pirates that lived after the little waterfall part were really silly. First of all, the pirates couldn't talk. But they thought they could talk. So the pirates would kind of, like they would make, like, dog sounds like woof woof and meow. And cat sounds like meow. Meow. And they would talk to each other and they would laugh. And sometimes one of the pirates would say woof. Woof. Meow, Meow. And then the other pirate would think that was mean. And then the other pirate would cry. But they weren't really saying anything. They were just being silly.

And the pirates that lived here, they were so silly, they didn't even have regular boats. They made their boats out of big leaves, like the leaves from the biggest kind of tree in the world. And the leaves were so big, the pirates kind of folded them up and put them on top of each other. And they floated in the water. Well, some of the pirates were coming up to Ethan and his family's rowboats and as the pirates got closer, Ethan had an idea. He decided that he would give some of the bread to the pirates so that they would be nice and they wouldn't try to board his ship. Well, Ethan's parents said that was a good idea. So Ethan started to throw some of the bread across the pond to where the pirates were.

The pirates saw the bread and they started laughing. And they thought it was so funny because these pirates had never seen a four-year-old on a boat before. They were used to just seeing grownups or other kinds of animals. And the pirates started to pick up the pieces of bread that Ethan threw, and then they would hold them up, and they would put them on top of their head, and they would mush the bread into their hair. And then after they mushed the bread into their hair, they would laugh hysterically. They would say ha. And they thought it was so funny.

Well, then the pirates decided they would come to Ethan's boat. And the pirates went all the way to Ethan's boat. But instead of asking for treasures or doing something like that, they said they wanted to ride on the oars. The oars are kind of the things that you row the boat with. And the pirates started to jump on the oars because they were little. They weren't as big as regular people. These pirates were like the size of babies. But they were grown-ups. And they jumped on the oars, and they started to dance. And do you know what happened, bud? As they danced, the pirates were able to move the oars because they would, like, dance in the kind of rhythm to music that they would sing. And the pirates would sing a song that went, we row these oars, we row these oars. These oars are ours for rowing. We row these oars, we row these oars, yes, we do.

And as they would sing that song, they would dance around and the boat would row itself. While the pirates were taking Ethan and his family to a special part of the secret pond that they were in, the special part was where the best coconuts in the whole world and the yummiest cantaloupes lived. There was a cantaloupe tree. There was a watermelon tree, because everything grew on trees here. And there was a coconut tree. Even watermelons grew on trees. And the watermelon tree had the yummiest kind of watermelon. And the way to get it off of the tree is on the bottom of the tree, there was a kind of leaf that you could pull off. And if you pulled off the leaf, it would make the watermelons fall down slowly because when the watermelons fell off the tree, they would fall using a parachute. And when the coconuts fell off the best coconut tree in the world, they would also fall off using a parachute.

And Ethan decided to pull those leaves that made the coconuts and cantaloupes fall off the coconut and cantaloupe trees and the watermelons fall off the special watermelon trees. And they would come down in the air with parachutes, and the pirates would catch them on the ground, and the pirates would take out their knives, and they would cut up the coconuts, and they would cut up the watermelon, and they would cut up the cantaloupe, and they would give it to all of the kids. And Ethan was lucky because he was the first one to ever visit this place. So he and his parents got the first part of the coconut and cantaloupe and watermelon. And I don't know if you've ever tasted the yummiest kind of coconut in the world, but it basically tastes like candy that you would get straight from a candy factory.

Ethan's parents were so proud of him for finding the special place and for being nice to the pirates, who ended up being silly rather than bad. And Ethan and his family lived happily ever after. The end.