My name is Olivia. Welcome to makeup stories. Tell y'all your friends. Three. Go. Hi. My name is Margot. I'm six. My birthday is at September 1. Where do you live? I live at Seattle. Makeup stories is the best. Makeup story is the best. Can I please have a story about octopus, a fairy, and a caterpillar? Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Margot who lives in Seattle, which is right near us. We live in Snoquali and who turned seven years old on September 1, which was two weeks ago. And so we want to say, happy birthday, Margot. Happy birthday, Margot. And we also before we get to Margot's story, we want to thank all of our listeners who kept listening to us while our show was on pause. We went traveling for two weeks, and after we got back, I got a cold, and it was hard for me to talk regular, so I decided not to record stories. But now we're back. Margot asked for us to make up a story that includes an octopus, a fairy, and a caterpillar. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Margot. Margot was walking around next to her house, and she saw that on a rock, there was the most beautiful caterpillar she had ever seen. The rock was gray, and the caterpillar stood out because it was rainbow colored. The caterpillar also had little dots on it that looked kind of like stars and that kind of shone. They shined just like fireflies could light up. This kind of caterpillar had little dots that could light up. And Margot picked up the caterpillar, and she brought it all the way to her house. When she got inside, Margot's mom looked at the caterpillar, and she said that it was the rarest kind of caterpillar of all. It was the rainbow caterpillar. Usually, there's only a couple of them, and they live in the rainforests, and nobody knew how it got all the way to Seattle. Well, Margot decided that because it was a special kind of caterpillar, they should make a little caterpillar house for it and have it live there. So Margot and her parents used some popsicle sticks and some tinfoil and some dirt and some grass to build a new kind of little caterpillar house for their caterpillar to live in. And Margot was really good at arts and crafts, so she put pipe cleaners in it, and she made little tunnels out of, like, big kind of straws, and the caterpillar was able to go through mazes in its cage. Well, Margot was so happy to have the caterpillar. Margot's mom decided that because Margot did such a good job catching a caterpillar, she would go to a store and get Margot a costume of caterpillar wings. And the caterpillar wings could go on Margot's arms, and she could flap them and pretend to be a butterfly. Well, Margot's mom got home, and she showed them to margot. And margot was so happy that she had these new butterfly wings that looked like they came from a caterpillar and that they fit real people, and people could flap them and pretend to be butterflies. So margot went to her caterpillar cage, and she started to flap her wings. And then she decided to feed the caterpillar some rainbow sprinkles that were left over from a time they were having ice cream. And margot put the rainbow sprinkles in the rainbow colored caterpillars cage, which was made of popsicle sticks. And the caterpillars started to eat the rainbow sprinkles. And as it ate the rainbow sprinkles, the caterpillars started to grow wings. And margot could feel that her costume wings were starting to really work, and they were becoming real caterpillar wings that were attached to her. And margot saw that right before her eyes, the caterpillar was getting bigger and bigger and turning into a butterfly, and her wings were starting to work. And margot was able to flap her wings and really fly. It wasn't just a costume anymore. Something magical must have happened while the caterpillar was using its firefly power to make little stars appear in its skin. What happened was the rainbow sprinkle gave it a special kind of energy that made margo's wings turn into real butterfly wings. And the caterpillar was so happy that it was turning into a butterfly. Margot decided to take off the roof of the cage, and the butterfly started to fly around her house, its rainbow wings making nice colors everywhere it went. And every time the caterpillar flapped its wing, it would leave, like, little kinds of magic dust behind it, and the dust would start falling down. And as the dust would fall down on the floor of margot's house, anywhere it touched would turn to gold. And margot decided to fly, too. So margot followed the caterpillar, the rainbow caterpillar that turned into a rainbow butterfly, and she used her butterfly wings, and she went out the door, and she started to fly through the sky with the rainbow butterfly. The rainbow butterfly flew with margot all the way over some water to mercer island. And in mercer island, which was an island near Seattle, there was a fairy that lived in a park. The fairy that lived in a park had a name, and her name was foola the fairy. Foolah the fairy had a throne that she sat on, and the throne was made of thorns. It was a special kind of thorn that didn't hurt and didn't poke you. Instead, it let people float on top. And fool of the fairy floated on top of her throne, and she saw that the rainbow butterfly and margot flapped into her house, which was made out of graham crackers. And foolah the fairy said, what are you doing here, rainbow butterfly? And the rainbow butterfly said that originally it came from the amazon rainforest, but it got attached to a shipping container that went all the way to Seattle. And when it got into Seattle, it was crawling around the grass and found its way onto a rock. And that's when Margot found it. And that it helped Margot turn into a real butterfly, too. And Foolah the Fairy looked at Margot, and Margot flapped her wings, and the special kind of dust came out of Margot's wings, and it fell on the floor. And it made the floor of Foolah the Fairy's house turn gold. And Foolah the Fairy could see that Margot had really gained special powers. So Foolah the Fairy asked Margot if they could go flying together to see some tricks. And Margot said okay. Margot flew out of fool of the Fairy's house and fool of the Fairy and the rainbow butterfly followed. And Margo showed that she was really good at gymnastics tricks and she could do somersaults in the air and cartwheels, and she could even do flying backwards. And Foolah the Fairy told Margot that she turned into a really good butterfly and she was the only person that ever had real wings grow on them. Margot told Foola the Fairy that it was fun to be a butterfly, but she also wanted to know how to get the wings off so that she could go back to her house and be a regular girl again. Foolah the Fairy told Margot that there was an octopus, and the octopus lived in a cloud. And the only way to get the wings to come off whenever you wanted was to go fly up all the way to the cloud using the butterfly wings and to tell the octopus the magic word. And Margot said, what is the magic word? And Foola the Fairy told Margot that the magic words were kuba kaba, kuba kaba. And Margot said, really? I'm supposed to say sh. And the fool of the fairy said yes. So fool of the Fairy and Margot and the rainbow butterfly flew up to the clouds, and they saw the biggest octopus in the world, one that could fly a helicopter way. And it lived in a big cloud where there was a pool inside the cloud. And the octopus would swim in the cloud whenever giants would come by. And the octopus was in charge of whether any giants or fairies were allowed to come visit Earth. And Margot went all the way up to the octopus, and she forgot the magic words. Buddy, do you remember them? Will I fall? She tried to say that. And the octopus swung around its tentacles and said, that's not it. And Margot said, but what did I do wrong? And the octopus said, the important thing is that you say sh loudly. So Margot said, sh. And then the octopus had its tentacles make splashes in the water. And it showed Margot that there was a secret kind of button. It was right under her nose on top of her upper lip. And it was that kind of small space that goes like a little inny on top of your lip under your nose. And if you touch that space three times while saying sh, then your wings will go away, and you could become a regular girl. And sometimes, if other girls press that special part on their upper lip three times while saying sh, then they could also get wings. So Margot flew back home with the rainbow butterfly. And then when she got back home, she pressed that special part of her upper lip, and she turned into a regular girl again. But she was still able to make her wings come whenever she wanted. And Margot and her family lived happily ever after. The end.