Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived in a yellow house in Snow Qualmy in the state of Washington in the United States of America. Not too far from their house, there was the biggest waterfall that you could ever imagine. The waterfall started in the clouds, and it made so much water go down from the clouds all the way to the bottom of a rock cliff, and a whole river was coming down at once. There was just so much water. It was the biggest waterfall you could ever imagine.

One day, Jonah and Jesse went to visit the waterfall. When they were on the trail, it was pretty muddy because the waterfall had a bunch of sprinkles that came on it. It was like sprinkling everywhere, like rain. It was also kind of hard to see because there was a cloud of mist all around them. There was a river that could get pretty high in the spring, but it was the middle of summer, and it was so hot, so there weren't many clouds for the waterfall to make and get it big. It was just pretty muddy.

They encountered alligator bugs that flew in the air. These bugs were like mosquitoes but a little bigger and had long mouths, just like the shape of an alligator. They could bite, and when they did, it just kind of pinched your skin a little bit. To protect themselves from the alligator bugs, they brought butterfly nets with them. As they walked down the muddy trail, they found it hard to see where the alligator bugs were because everything was white.

Suddenly, there was an attack. About 30 different alligator bugs started to chase Jonah, Jesse, and their family. They tried to catch the bugs with their butterfly nets, and eventually, they managed to catch a lot of them. However, one of them bit the bottom of Jonah's ear. They kept the alligator bugs in the butterfly nets, but they didn't have any jars with them. The alligator bugs started to dig in the mud and managed to create a huge tunnel that went all the way down to where the river was.

A water fountain squirted up from the ground, and the alligator bugs started squirting up too. The family had to run up the trail as fast as they could to get away from the big flood that was happening. They reached the top of the trail and had to build a big dam. Other people who wanted to see the famous waterfall also helped build the dam. They used sand and wood to slow down the water flow.

After that, they all went home. Three weeks later, the river broke the dam. The end.