Aya yiraya. Nayo AI. Hello. My name is VERIKA. Welcome to makeup stories. Go to the Makeup stories.com to join the club. Nayo. Tonight's Makeup Story is going to be a joint effort with me and my son Jonah. Say hi, Jonah. Hi. And Jesse is sleeping right now and do you say that out loud, bud? And yeah, well, my brother is sleeping right here. Some of his noise throughout the story. And there is, like, not exactly a request. Yes, we're just going to make it up on the spot. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse lived in a yellow house in Snow Qualmy in the state of Washington in the United States of America. And not too far from their house, there was the biggest waterfall that you could ever imagine. The waterfall started in the clouds, and it made so much water go down from the clouds all the way to the bottom of a rock cliff, and a whole river was coming down at once. There was just so much water. It was the biggest waterfall you could ever imagine. And one day, Jonah and Jesse went to visit the waterfall. And Jonah, do you want to tell them what happened when you were on the trail? When I was on that trail, it was pretty muddy because the waterfall had a bunch of sprinkles that came on it. So it's like sprinkling everywhere, like rain. And also it was kind of hard to see, right, because it was like a cloud of mist that was just all around you. There was like a Wiver that could get pretty high in the spring, but it was like the middle of summer, and it was so hot, and it was on a hot day, so there wasn't so many clouds for the waterfall to make and get it big. It was just pretty muddy. And they have alligator bugs that fly in the air and the alligator bugs. Yeah, Bud. And there was also a rainbow because it was kind of falling down. Yeah, there was a rainbow that you could see through the misty clouds when we visited this humongous waterfall, well, there were alligator bugs that were kind of like mosquitoes, but they were a little bigger than mosquitoes, and they had long mouths, just like the shape of an alligator, and they could bite you. And when they bit you since they were little, it just kind of pinched your skin a little bit. I just pinched Jonah. How'd that feel? It felt like an alligator bug. Right? That's what it would feel like. Well, like, pinch yourself and hold that for 3 seconds. Okay. I'm pinching myself and I'm holding it for 3 seconds and then let go. Okay, now I let go. If that didn't hold for you, then think of it. So much pain, kind of like a mosquito. Yes. So we had to be so careful for all of those alligator bugs. And that's why we brought a bunch of butterfly nets with us. And so we were walking down the muddy trail and there was, like, a thick fog that was really the mist that was coming off of the waterfall. It's in the alligator bugs could ambush. Exactly. And it was really hard to see where the alligator bugs were because everything was white. And suddenly there was an attack. And there must have been, like, 30 different alligator bugs that started to chase Jonah and me and Jesse and Amanda. And first we started to run, but then Jonah got out his butterfly nets and Jesse got a butterfly net, too. And they turned around and they faced the alligator bugs. And Jonah swung his net in the air, but it missed. And the alligator bugs went right past him and one of them bit the bottom of Jonah's ear. And Jonah, do you remember what you said? I screamed. He screamed, Ow. But that's when Jesse saved the day and Jesse waved his butterfly. The bad thing is that they'll come small and sometimes they'll go on, like, some points or your head. And then my brother Jesse actually tried to catch one throws on my head. You slapped your head? That's silly. And eventually, we caught a lot of alligator bugs with our butterfly nets, and none of them got us after. The only one was the one that got Jonah's ear. And then we kept the alligator bugs in the butterfly nets. We didn't really have any jars with us, and so we had to just keep the butterfly nets on the kind of muddy ground. And all of the alligator bugs were, like, walking around under the muddy net and then biting, spitting out. Biting, spitting out. And that's what happened. Jonah noticed that the alligator bugs were starting to dig in the mud and we didn't have, like, a jar or anything we could keep them in. And the alligator bugs were digging and digging and digging. And Joan, do you remember how fast they dug? Like, in a second, it would be as steep as your finger. Yeah, exactly. And so those alligator bugs, they had really long mouths, especially for a bug, and they could dig, like, as long as a person's finger in just a second. So after, like, ten minutes, those alligator bugs managed to dig up so much dirt that they created a huge tunnel that went all the way down to where the river was. Then there was, like, a water fountain that sported up. Yeah, there was pressure from the river, and that made this big water fountain squirt up. And all of those alligator bugs started squirting up, and the butterfly net got squirted up. And it was like a big water fountain that came out from the ground. And suddenly there was, like, a new thing to worry about. And Steve that's me, I got all wet and jonah managed to duck under the big jet of water. And then I managed to get a stone and put it on, and our whole family was like few. And then the stone just flew up. Yeah, that's the thing. So Jonah put a stone to try to stop the stream from squirting up, but the stone wasn't like tight enough or something, so it flew up in the air and the stone burst into lots of different crystals. And when those crystals started to land, do you remember what happened to the alligator bugs? Some of them died. One of them, yeah, one of those alligator bugs turned into a real alligator and it was just right there in the mud. And Jonah knew that it was because it had some of that crystal stuff from the rock. And the alligator was happy that there was that fountain because alligators like it when there's some wonder they live. Alligators usually live in like, rivers. But then Jesse saved the day and took one and bonked on and then it turned into a bug. But then the bad thing, right after that, the last beat scored it up and bonked my head. Yes. So Jonah and Steve and Amanda, they had to decide to go back up the hill where the trail came from because soon the water level was going to rise too high and everything would be wet. And so Jesse got a shoulder ride on Amanda's shoulders, and Jonah got a shoulder ride on my shoulders. And we had to run up that trail as fast as we could to get away from this big flood that was happening. And we ended up getting to the top of the trail. And then after we got to the top of the trail, then we had to build a big dam. Yeah, we had to build a giant dam. And there were some other people there that also wanted to see the famous waterfall. And those other people all started to help. And there was a playground nearby and there were some kids that would take buckets of sand from the playground and they would help build like a big pile of sand to be part of the dam. It was sand forced. They made sand to slow it down. Then they had a bunch of wood so only a little bit could get through it. So the sand slow so much down, then there's only a little that gets through and it would get less and less than a bunch of walks stretching like 10ft and then it all over again. Yeah, so it was a really cool dam that everyone made together. And then after that, we all went home and that's just a new kind of and then makes up story that we're making up together. And also actually what happened three weeks after that, the whiffle broke the dam. Oh, no. All right, well, let's end the story there. Good night, guys. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Flora. Go to makeup story.com to join the club. Tell your friends.