Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Jonah. Jonah lived in a house right by a clear blue lake. If you looked from the top of the lake, you could see all the different colored rocks at the bottom. One day, Jonah decided to take a canoe and paddle to the middle of the lake. As he was paddling, a giant octopus grabbed the canoe and pulled it underwater. The octopus tried to grab Jonah's legs to take him under the water too. Jonah fought his hardest and kicked the octopus. He got away, but he was all alone in the middle of the water, shouting, "Help! Help!" He was a good swimmer, but he didn't know if he could swim all the way back to shore by himself.

Just as he was shouting "Help!", a mermaid swam right next to him. The mermaid picked up Jonah and gave him a ride on her back all the way back to shore. When Jonah got back, he thanked the mermaid. She told Jonah that he had to keep her existence a secret. She said that Jonah couldn't tell anyone that there were mermaids in the water. Jonah asked, "Why? I really want to tell people because they would be interested in mermaids." But the mermaid said that she saved Jonah's life, and as repayment, he had to pinky promise not to tell anyone. So Jonah agreed. When he got home, he didn't tell his parents what happened. None of his friends at school the next day ever found out about the mermaid.

Days, months, and seasons went by, and Jonah grew older. He always remembered the time when he was swimming alone in the water after the octopus grabbed his canoe, and the mermaid saved him. He never forgot about it, but he knew he couldn't tell anyone. When he became a teenager, he decided to learn how to scuba dive. He got a big oxygen tank with a tube attached to it and put on a mask so he could breathe underwater. He decided to take a boat back to the middle of the lake where he found the mermaid that saved him. He went to the middle of the lake and dove down, breathing with the oxygen, going deeper and deeper.

When he got deep under the water, he couldn't find the mermaid, but he saw lots of pretty rocks and different kinds of fish. As he was looking for clues about the mermaid, three giant octopuses suddenly swam towards Jonah. They had their tentacles spinning about so fast. The octopuses grabbed Jonah and tore off his mask, making it hard for him to breathe. Jonah, being a teenager, was kind of strong, so he fought the octopuses until he couldn't fight anymore. Just as he was ready to give up, the mermaid came and scared away the octopuses. She lifted Jonah up and gave him a ride all the way back to shore.

When Jonah got to shore, he recognized that it was the same mermaid that saved him when he was a kid. He asked the mermaid her name, and she said it was Princess Ariel. Jonah asked Princess Ariel why she didn't get any older and why she was the same age as when he was a kid. Princess Ariel told Jonah that mermaids didn't get any older. She also told Jonah that he had to keep her existence a secret forever. Jonah said he didn't want to keep it a secret and that he wanted to play with Princess Ariel, the mermaid. She said he could take her out of the lake for a little bit if he did it secretly.

So Jonah had an idea. He got a giant balloon, as big as a boat. He brought the balloon back to the middle of the water and told Princess Ariel to go inside. She went in, and it filled up with water. They tied a rope to the balloon and attached the rope to a boat. Then Jonah brought the boat, towing the balloon, back to the shore. When they got back, Princess Ariel was swimming inside the water balloon. Jonah attached the water balloon, put it inside a big truck, and drove the truck to a local pool. He dragged the balloon to the pool and untied it. Princess Ariel swam out of the balloon and went into the pool.

At first, the people in the pool couldn't see that it was a mermaid because they weren't looking at her tail, and they thought it was just a girl with legs. But Jonah knew it was a mermaid. When Princess Ariel went in the pool, the color of the pool changed from blue to yellow, then green, and then red. Jonah swam in the water, and Princess Ariel swam right next to him. They laughed and told jokes. Princess Ariel asked Jonah if he wanted to become a mermaid, and Jonah said yes. So Princess Ariel touched Jonah's cheeks very softly. As she touched them, Jonah felt his legs starting to stick together and become one, turning him into a mermaid.

Jonah said, "I think I'm a mermaid now." He looked down and saw that he was a boy mermaid. He realized he could fly, and he started to fly out of the pool. Princess Ariel also flew out of the pool. Jonah said, "I didn't know that mermaids could fly." He and Princess Ariel flew out of the pool, through the sky, all the way to the lake from which they came. They swam in the lake, having lots of fun playing games with the fish that lived there. The octopuses that used to be mean decided not to be mean anymore. Jonah asked Princess Ariel how he could turn back into a person when he was tired of being a mermaid. Princess Ariel told him the secret was to put his fingers through his hair, close his eyes, and go to shore, and his legs would return.

So that's what Jonah did that night. He put his fingers through his hair, went to shore, closed his eyes, and his legs separated again. He became a regular teenage boy. From then on, Jonah knew how to become a mermaid and how to turn into a regular teenager whenever he wanted. He would visit Princess Ariel in the water from time to time, and they would be friends and play funny, special, silly games with all the fish that lived in the lake. Jonah and Princess Ariel lived happily ever after. The end.