Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Jonah. Jonah lived in a house that was right by a clear blue lake. And if you looked from the top of the lake, you could see all of the different colored rocks that were on the bottom of the lake. One time, Jonah decided to take a canoe, and he paddled in the canoe to the middle of the lake. As he was paddling to the middle of the lake, a giant octopus grabbed the canoe and brought it underwater. The octopus was trying to get Jonah's legs to take Jonah under the water too. Jonah fought his hardest and he had to kick the octopus. He got away from the octopus, but he was all alone in the middle of the water and he was shouting, "Help! Help!" Because he was a good swimmer, but he didn't know if he could swim all the way back to shore by himself.

Just as he was shouting "Help!", there was a mermaid swimming right next to him. The mermaid picked up Jonah and gave him a ride on her back all the way back to shore. When Jonah got back to shore, he got off the mermaid's back and he said thank you. The mermaid told Jonah that he had to keep her existence a secret. She said that Jonah wasn't allowed to tell anybody that there were mermaids in the water. Jonah asked, "Why? I really want to tell people because people are interested in mermaids." But the mermaid said that she saved Jonah's life and that as repayment, he had to pinky promise not to tell anybody. So Jonah agreed. When he got home, he didn't tell his parents what happened. None of his friends, when he went back to school the next day, ever found out about the mermaid.

The days went by, and the months went by, and the seasons went by, and Jonah got older and older. He always remembered in the back of his head the time when he was swimming all alone in the water after an octopus grabbed his canoe, and the mermaid saved him. He never forgot about it, but he knew he wasn't allowed to tell anybody. When he became a teenager, he decided to learn how to scuba dive. He got a big oxygen tank with a tube attached to it, and he put on a mask on his face so that he could breathe oxygen underwater. He decided to take a boat back to the middle of the lake where he found the mermaid that saved him. He went to the middle of the lake and he dove down, breathing with the oxygen, and he got deeper and deeper under the water.

When he got so deep under the water that he couldn't find the mermaid, he saw lots of pretty rocks and different kinds of fish. As he was looking for different rocks, he was trying to find clues for the mermaid. Suddenly, three giant octopuses started to barrel towards Jonah. They had their tentacles, which were kind of like an octopus's leg, and they were spinning about so fast. The octopuses grabbed Jonah and tore off his mask, making it hard for him to breathe oxygen. Jonah, being a teenager, was kind of strong, so he started fighting the octopuses until he couldn't fight anymore. Just as he was ready to give up, the mermaid came and scared away the octopuses. She lifted Jonah up and gave him a ride all the way back to shore.

When Jonah got to shore, he recognized that it was the same mermaid that saved him when he was a kid. He asked the mermaid what her name was, and the mermaid said that her name was Princess Ariel. Jonah asked Princess Ariel why she didn't get any older and why she was the same age as she was when he was a kid. Princess Ariel told Jonah that mermaids didn't get any older. She also told Jonah that he had to keep her existence a secret forever. Jonah said that he didn't want to keep it a secret and that he wanted to start to play with Princess Ariel, the mermaid. The mermaid said that he could take Princess Ariel out of the lake for a little bit if he did it in a secret way.

So Jonah had an idea. He got a giant balloon, a balloon that was as big as a boat. He brought the balloon back to the middle of the water, and he told Princess Ariel to go in the balloon. She went in the balloon, and it was filled up with water. They tied a rope to the balloon and attached the rope to a boat. Then Jonah brought the boat, which was towing the balloon, back to the shore. When they got back to the shore, Princess Ariel was swimming inside the water balloon. Jonah attached the water balloon, put it inside a big truck, and drove the truck to a local pool. He dragged the balloon to the pool and untied it. Princess Ariel swam out of the balloon and went into the pool.

All of the people who were in the pool, at first, couldn't see that it was a mermaid because they weren't looking at the bottom of her, and they thought it was just a girl with legs. But Jonah knew that it was a mermaid. When Princess Ariel went in the pool, the color of the pool changed from blue to yellow, then green, and then red. Jonah was swimming in the water, and Princess Ariel started to swim right next to Jonah. They started to laugh and tell jokes. Princess Ariel asked Jonah if he wanted to become a mermaid, and Jonah said yes. So Princess Ariel touched Jonah's cheeks with her fingers very softly. As she touched them, Jonah could feel that his legs were starting to stick together and then they were starting to become one, and he was turning into a mermaid.

Jonah said, "I think I'm a mermaid now." He looked down and saw that he was a boy mermaid. He realized that he could fly, and he started to fly out of the pool. Princess Ariel also flew out of the pool. Jonah said, "I didn't know that mermaids could fly." He and Princess Ariel flew out of the pool, through the sky, all the way to the lake from which they came. They started to swim in the lake, and they had a lot of fun playing games with the fish that lived in the lake. The octopuses that used to be mean decided not to be mean. Jonah asked Princess Ariel how he could turn back into a person when he was tired of being a mermaid. Princess Ariel told him the secret was that he just needed to put his fingers through his hair, close his eyes, and then go to shore, and his legs would return.

So that's what Jonah did that night. He put his fingers through his hair, went to shore, closed his eyes, and his legs separated again. He became a regular teenage boy. From then on, Jonah knew how to become a mermaid and how to turn into a regular teenager whenever he wanted. He would visit Princess Ariel in the water from time to time, and they would be friends and play funny, special, silly games with all of the fishes that lived in the lake. Jonah and Princess Ariel lived happily ever after. The end.