Yiddi. Diana my Name is Aliana makeup Show is the best podcast ever. I listen to it every night. Tell your friends. Once upon a time him a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Jonah. Jonah lived in a house that was right by a clear blue lake. And if you looked from the top of the lake, you could see all of the different color rocks that were on the bottom of the lake. And one time, Jonah decided to take a canoe, and he paddled in the canoe to the middle of the lake. And as he was paddling to the middle of the lake, there is a giant octopus that grabbed the canoe and brought it underwater. And the octopus was trying to get Jonah's legs to take Jonah under the water, too. And Jonah fought his hardest and he had to kick the octopus. And he got away from the octopus, but he was all alone in middle of the water and he was shouting, Help. Help. Because he was a good swimmer, but he didn't know if he could swim all the way back to shore by himself. And just as he was shouting Help. There was a mermaid that was swimming right next to him. And the mermaid picked up Jonah and gave Jonah a ride on her back all the way back to shore. When Jonah got back to shore, he got off of the mermaid's back and he said thank you. And the mermaid told Jonah that he had to keep her existence a secret. She said that Jonah wasn't allowed to tell anybody that there were mermaids in the water. And Jonah said, why? I really want to tell people because people are interested in mermaids. But the mermaid said that she saved Jonah's life and that as repayment, he had to pinky promise not to tell anybody. And so Jonah agreed. And when he got home, he didn't tell his parents what happened. And none of his friends, when he went back to school the next day, ever found out about the mermaid. And the days went by and the months went by, and the seasons went by, and Jonah got older and older. And he always remembered in the back of his head that time when he was swimming all alone in the water after an octopus grabbed his canoe. And the mermaid saved him. And he never forgot about it, but he knew he wasn't allowed to tell anybody. And when he became a teenager, he decided to learn how to scuba dive. And he got a big oxygen tank with a tube attached to it. And he put on a mask on his face so that he could breathe oxygen underwater. And he decided to take a boat back to the middle of the lake where he found the mermaid that saved him. And he went to the middle of the lake and he dove or dived down, and he was breathing with the oxygen, and he got deeper and deeper under the water. When he got so deep under the water he couldn't find the mermaid, he saw lots of pretty rocks. He saw different kinds of fish. And as he was looking for different rocks, he was trying to find clues for the mermaid. When suddenly there were three giant octopuses octopi that started to barrel towards jonah. And they had their tentacles that's kind of like an octopus's leg, and they were spinning about so fast. And the octopuses grabbed jonah and they tore off his mask so it was hard for him to breathe oxygen. And jonah was a teenager, so he was kind of strong. And he started fighting the octopuses until he couldn't fight anymore. And just as he was ready to give up, the mermaid came and scared away the octopuses, and it lifted jonah up and gave jonah a ride all the way back to shore. And when jonah got to shore, he recognized that it was the same mermaid that saved him when he was a kid. And he asked the mermaid what her name was. And the mermaid said that her name was princess ariel. And jonah asked princess ariel why she didn't get any older and why she was the same age as she was when he was a kid. And princess ariel told jonah that mermaids didn't get any older. And she also told jonah that he had to keep her existence a secret forever. And jonah said that he didn't want to keep it a secret and that he wanted to start to play with princess ariel, the mermaid. And the mermaid said that he could take princess ariel out of the lake for a little bit if he did it in a secret way. And so jonah had an idea. He got a giant balloon, a balloon that was like as big as a boat. And he brought the balloon back to the middle of the water, and he told princess ariel to go in the balloon. And she went in the balloon, and it was filled up with water. And they tied a rope to the balloon and attached the rope to a boat. And then jonah brought the boat, which was towing the balloon, back to the shore. And when they got back to the shore, princess ariel was swimming inside the water balloon. And jonah attached the water balloon. He put it inside a big truck, and he drove the truck to a local pool. And then he dragged the balloon to the pool and he untied the balloon. And princess ariel swam out of the balloon and went into the pool. All of the people who were in the pool, at first, they couldn't see that it was a mermaid because they weren't looking at the bottom of her, and they thought it was just a girl that had legs. But jonah knew that it was a mermaid. And when princess ariel went in the pool. The color of the pool changed from blue to yellow and then green and then red. And Jonah was swimming in the water and Princess Ariel started to swim right next to Jonah. And they started to laugh and tell jokes. And Princess Ariel asked Jonah if he wanted to become a mermaid. And Jonah said yes. And so Princess Ariel started to touch Jonah's cheeks with her fingers and she touched them very softly. And as she touched them, Jonah could feel that his legs were starting to stick together and then they were starting to become one and he was turning into a mermaid. And Jonah said, I think I'm a mermaid now. And he looked down and he saw that he was he was a boy mermaid. And he realized that he could fly. And he started to fly out of the pool. And Princess Ariel also flew out of the pool. And Jonah said, I didn't know that mermaids could fly. And he and Princess Ariel flew out of the pool through the sky all the way to the lake from which they came. And they started to swim in the lake. And they had a lot of fun playing games with the fish that lived in the lake. And the octopuses that used to be mean decided not to be mean. And Jonah asked Princess Ariel how he could turn back to a person when he was tired of being a mermaid. And Princess Ariel told him the secret was that he just needed to put his fingers through his hair and close his eyes and then go to shore, and his legs would return. And so that's what Jonah did that night. He put his fingers through his hair and he went to shore and he closed his eyes and his legs separated again. And he became a regular teenage boy. And from then and there, Jonah knew how to become a mermaid and how to turn into a regular kid whenever he wanted. A regular teenager whenever he wanted. And he would visit Princess Ariel in the water from time to time and they would be friends and play funny, special silly games with all of the fishes that lived in the lake. And Jonah and Princess Ariel lived happily ever after. The end. Oh, yeah. Hi, my name is Pepper. Thanks for listening to Makeup Salads. Go to makeupsaurus.com to zone the cure up. Tell you when. Bye.