Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Audrey. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. My name is Twiggy. I'm 24 years old, and I'm street, and I live in Toronto, Canada. And I would like a story about octopus. When you straw hat and arrange. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Twiggy, who lives in Toronto, Canada, and who turns four years old today on February 3. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Twiggy. And Twiggy asked for us to make up a story that includes an octopus that's wearing a straw hat and rainbows. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Twiggy. Twiggy's mom told Twiggy that that day they were going to go for a pony ride through the snow. And so Twiggy's mom put Twiggy in a car seat, and Twiggy's mom drove very carefully through the snowstorm. Once they got to the horse and pony stables, twiggy got out of her car, and Twiggy's mom put some gloves on Twiggy because it was cold. And Twiggy looked at the ponies, and she saw that they looked nice. So the person who was in charge of the pony rides said, twiggy, it's your turn to go on the pony. And she picked up Twiggy and put Twiggy on the pony. Twiggy was so happy because the pony was going to go for a pony ride through the snow. And twiggy had an idea. She told the person who was in charge of the ponies to put a shovel in front of the pony. And this way, while Twiggy was riding the pony, the pony could also shovel the snow in front of it. And wherever the pony would go, that's where they would shovel some snow. So the lady in charge of the pony rides said, okay. And the pony started to shovel snow while Twiggy was going for a ride, and the pony decided to go with Twiggy through a snowy forest. This snowy forest had great white trees that were covered in snow, and it was also full of a lot of white squirrels and white bunny rabbits and white foxes. And it even had a kingdom of octopuses. The octopuses used to dress up just like people. And the octopuses were cowboy octopuses. That means that they liked to ride horses and ponies, and that those octopuses had ropes that they used as lassos to catch different animals. And Twiggy. And the pony went up to one of the octopuses that was wearing a straw hat and was wearing boots on each of its eight tentacles. And the octopus was also wearing glasses, and it was holding a long piece of dental floss. And the octopus also had a toothbrush. And the octopus said, twiggy, my mama said that I have to brush my teeth today, but I just wanted to go on a pony ride with you. And Twiggy. Told the octopus that first the octopus would need to brush its teeth. So the octopus said, okay. And the octopus put a little bit of snow on his octopus toothbrush, and the octopus started to brush his teeth. Soon the octopus's mama came, and the octopus's mama said, baby octopus, you're not supposed to brush your snow with teeth. You're supposed to put kids toothpaste on it. And the baby octopus was sad because the baby octopus wanted to brush his teeth with snow. So the mama octopus said, baby octopus, today you could brush your teeth with ketchup. And the baby octopus was very happy because Twiggy's mama brought ketchup in her backpack. So Twiggy's mama put some ketchup on the octopus toothbrush, and the octopus got to brush his teeth with ketchup. That was very silly. The octopus made a big mess and got ketchup all over his mouth and all over his octopus eyes and even on his octopus straw hat. And Twiggy's mama said, octopus, you are so dirty now. How are you going to go for a pony ride if you have so much ketchup on you? The ketchup was meant to be toothpaste. It wasn't meant to go all over your face. And the octopus said he knew how to clean up. And Twiggy. Said, how are you going to clean up, octopus? And the octopus said, Just watch. And the octopus pulled on a string that was attached to one of the white trees. And when he pulled on the string, a bucket full of water fell down right on top of the octopus from a branch that was up high, and the water fell all over the octopus, and it wiped some of the ketchup off of the octopus's face. Twiggy. Told the octopus that because it was clean, it could go on the pony ride with her. But the octopus's mama said that first the octopus would need to be wrapped up so cuddly and so cozy and so warm in a towel, because sometimes after a bath, octopuses get cold. So the octopus's mama wrapped the octopus up so much in a towel, and then the octopus's mama helped the octopus go on the pony with Twiggy. And then the octopus was ready to go with Twiggy. On a fun snow pony ride. So the octopus held on to Twiggy. And Twiggy. Was riding the pony through the snow all the way in the forest, and they saw some of the white birds, and they saw a white fox. And the white fox was really silly because the white fox was wearing socks and he was wearing no shoes. The octopus said that the white fox's socks were going to get so wet from the snow, and then his feet would not feel so good. And Twiggy. Asked the white fox if his feet were so cold because the white fox had wet socks on, and the white fox said, yes. So Twiggy. Told the white fox that he could also go on the pony ride the pony kept going, and now the octopus was on the pony, and Twiggy. Was on the pony and also the white fox. As they kept going, they saw that there was a squirrel. And the squirrel was really sad. And the reason the squirrel was so sad is because the squirrel was not wearing any boots. The squirrel didn't even have any socks on, and it didn't even have any gloves on. And the squirrel's hands and the squirrel's feet were getting so cold because the squirrel was having a snowball fight with other squirrels. And when you make snowballs and you don't have mittens or gloves on, then your hands could get cold. And the squirrel had made a whole big pile of snowballs, but his hands were so cold. So the squirrel said to Twiggy, can I go on the pony ride? And Twiggy. Said, okay. So Twiggy's mama helped the white squirrel go on the pony ride with Twiggy. And the white octopus and the white fox. There was not so much space on the pony because Twiggy was on it with so many animals. So the lady who is in charge of the pony told Twiggy that it was time to go back to the stable. But Twiggy saw that on the way back to the pony stable, which is where the pony slept, next to the white forest, there was a rainbow. And Twiggy decided to ride the pony through the rainbow. And Twiggy wasn't very sure, but she thought that she could see far away behind the rainbow. At the end of the rainbow, it looked like there was a treasure box, but Twiggy had to go back to the pony stable. So she decided to tell the white fox and to tell the white squirrel and to tell the octopus that after the pony ride, they should go to the end of the rainbow to get the treasure box for her. And Twiggy got off of the pony when she went to the stable, and the octopus and the fox and also the squirrel said bye bye to Twiggy. And Twiggy went home in her car seat, and she went back to her house. And the next day, do you know who knocked on the door? It was the squirrel, the octopus and the fox. And they brought the treasure box to Twiggy. And Twiggy opened up the treasure box, and she saw that there was a birthday cake in it and a lot of necklaces and bracelets and a princess dress and also toys. And Twiggy and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Hi. My name is Esme. I'm seven years old and live in Doneigal, Ireland. My special fact about magic doors is to open, you have to say a password that you find on a treasure hunt. Thanks for listening to Makeup stories. The best podcast ever. Sorry, friends.