Once upon a time, there was a boy who was walking down the street. As he walked, he got a seed stuck in his leg, and it hurt a lot. Despite the pain, he decided to keep walking and walked all the way home. When he arrived home, it started to rain, and the rain drenched his leg. He told his mom that he had a boo-boo. His mom asked, "What is it?" He replied, "I think I got a splinter." His mom said, "Well, look at your leg. There's something green on it." The boy asked, "What's green on it?" His mom replied, "Look, a leaf is coming out." He looked at his leg and saw a leaf coming out. He exclaimed, "Get it out! Get it out! I don't want something to grow in me." His mom agreed and got tweezers to remove the little thing. She saw that it was a beanstalk, and it was growing beans on it. It was growing so quickly because of the rain. She took it out with tweezers, and the boy asked for a band-aid. She put on the band-aid, and after it was on, he said, "Okay, it doesn't hurt anymore. Could we plant it in the ground?" His mom agreed, so they got shovels and started to dig.

While they were digging, they found some worms. The boy put the worms in a little cardboard box called his Observatorium, added a bit of dirt, and some crumbs for the worms to eat. He had the worms in his Observatorium, and he dug in the ground with his shovel alongside his mom. As he dug, he found a root. His mom suggested that they should cut off the root, but the boy said he wasn't strong enough to do it. He remembered they had a saw in the garage, so he went to get it and cut off the root. He then placed the plant in the hole and covered it with dirt. It started to rain again, so he went inside before getting soaked. He went to bed, and as he was going to sleep, his dad told him a story about a boy who planted a plant that grew so much overnight that when he woke up, the boy could climb all the way to the clouds. The boy then went to sleep.

The next morning, when he woke up, he looked outside and couldn't find his plant at all, not even where it was before. He asked his mom what could have happened. His mom suggested they check and dig a little bit. As they dug, they discovered that the plant was growing underground. Instead of growing upward, the plant was growing downward. They decided to keep digging and found its leaves and that the plant was producing beans underground. As they dug deeper, they found a rabbit hole. The rabbits were delighted because they wanted to eat the beans. The rabbits ate some of the beans, and the boy decided to leave the plant there so more beans would grow underground for the rabbits. From that day on, rabbits started to come right next to his house and live with him. They allowed him to pet them because they ate his beans. The boy, his mom, and the rabbits lived happily ever after. The end.