Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old boy named Ethan. Ethan didn't live in a regular city. He lived in a city built out of Lego! All the houses in Ethan's city were made of Lego, even though they were regular-sized houses. There were even buildings and skyscrapers made of Lego that reached high into the sky. The roads were made of Lego, and there were Lego trees, roller coasters, and playgrounds to play in.

One day, as Ethan was walking around the city, a friendly dragon came up to him. The dragon told Ethan that he knew magic. Ethan asked, "What magic can you do?" The friendly dragon said, "I can turn you into anyone you want to be." Ethan said, "Maybe I want to be Batman." Then, the friendly dragon said, "Poof avra kevra," and Ethan turned into Batman! He wore a Batman costume and cape, and he was suddenly big and strong, ready to save the day.

The friendly dragon went away, and Ethan heard a siren in the Lego city. He decided to investigate and see if he could save the day. Ethan flew through the streets with his cape and saw what was happening. There was an accident at the zoo, and all the giraffes were escaping! The giraffes ran through the Lego city, knocking down some Lego towers with their strong legs. The police couldn't catch up with the giraffes because their Lego cars weren't fast enough. They needed Batman's help.

Ethan, now Batman, flew to where the giraffes were. He saw a kitty cat named Joker riding one of the giraffes. Joker told Batman he had lots of silly jokes. Batman said to Joker that they needed to return the giraffes to the zoo because they might break things in the city. Joker didn't want to stop playing, but Batman told him it was time to take the giraffes back to the zoo. Joker meowed, realized his mistake, and started heading back to the zoo with the giraffes. Batman saved the day!

After the giraffes were back in the zoo and Joker apologized, Batman went for a walk in the city. He heard a cat meowing and saw it was Joker again! Joker was running so fast through the Lego city that Batman needed to catch up to him and give him an important message.

Joker was as fast as a cheetah, and the Lego police cars couldn't catch up. Ethan decided to use his Lego Batmobile, which had a powerful Bat engine, to zoom across the city and catch Joker. He told Joker to slow down. Ethan found Joker on a bridge with Lego trains going "ChuChu" below. Joker agreed to stop running so fast. Batman, who was Ethan, told Joker to start behaving, and Joker meowed in agreement.

Ethan wanted to find the friendly dragon that turned him into Batman because he was ready to be regular Ethan again. He searched the Lego city and found a colorful parrot carrying a note. The note said, "You can meet the dragon by the pond with the duckies." Ethan, as Batman, rushed to the pond in his Lego Batmobile and found the nice dragon next to the duckies saying, "quack, quack, quack."

The nice dragon asked Ethan if he was done being Batman. Ethan said he was because he was tired and needed to go home for dinner and sleep. The dragon told Ethan he did a great job as Batman and was ready to turn him back into regular Ethan. The friendly dragon said, "avra keta avra," and turned Ethan back into a regular boy. Ethan went to his Lego house and told his parents he was Batman for a day. They were so happy and proud of him. Ethan and his family lived happily ever after. The end.