Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old boy whose name was Ethan. Ethan did not live in a regular city. Ethan lived in a city that was built out of Lego. All of the houses in the city that Ethan lived in were made out of Lego, even though they were regular size houses. There were even buildings in the city which were made of Lego and skyscrapers that soared into the sky, into the clouds, just big towers of Lego that people lived in. There was Lego here and there was Lego there, and all over the city, the roads were made out of Lego. They had Lego trees, and there were so many fun Lego roller coasters and Lego playgrounds to play in.

Well, one day, as Ethan was walking about this city, a friendly dragon came up to him, and the dragon told Ethan that he knew how to do magic. Ethan asked, "What magic can you do?" The friendly dragon said, "I can turn you into anyone you want to be." Ethan said, "Well, maybe I want to be Batman." Then suddenly, the friendly dragon said, "Poof avra kevra." Just as he said that, Ethan turned into Batman. Ethan was wearing a Batman costume and had a Batman cape, and he was suddenly so big and so strong, and everyone wanted him to save the day.

The friendly dragon went away. Just as he went away, Ethan heard a siren over the Lego city, and the siren was going, "woo woo, woo woo, woo." Ethan decided he would investigate to see if he could save the day. Ethan started flying with his cape through the streets. As he flew through the streets, he saw what was happening. What was happening was there was an accident at the zoo, and all of the giraffes were escaping. The giraffes were running through all of the Lego, and their legs were so strong, they were knocking down some Lego towers. The police didn't know what to do because police cars made out of Lego do not go so fast. They couldn't catch up with the giraffes. They needed Batman to help.

Ethan, who was a five-year-old kid who turned into Batman, started to fly, and he got right to where the giraffes were. When he got to the giraffes, he saw that there was a kitty cat that was riding the giraffes, and the kitty cat's name was Joker. Joker told Batman he had so many silly jokes. Batman said to Joker that he needed to return the giraffes to the zoo in Lego City because if the giraffes just ran around the Lego city, they might break things. The kitty cat named Joker, who was riding the giraffe, told Batman that he wasn't ready to do it. He still wanted to play more. Batman told the kitty cat that it was time for them to turn around the giraffes and head right back to the Lego zoo. Just as he said that, the kitty cat meowed. As the kitty cat meowed, Joker realized that he made a mistake and started heading back to the zoo with the giraffes. Batman was saving the day.

After the giraffes were back in the zoo and the kitty cat, Joker, said that he was sorry, Batman decided that he would go for a walk in the city. As he was going for a walk, he kept hearing a cat meowing next to him. Batman wondered what it was. He looked and saw it was Joker, the kitty cat again. The kitty cat was running through the Lego city so fast, and Batman needed to catch up to him to send him an important message.

This kitty cat named Joker was so fast that it could run as fast as a cheetah, and it was hard for the Lego police cars to catch up. Ethan decided to use his Lego Batmobile, which had a Bat engine and was so strong, to poof across the city and catch the kitty cat and tell the kitty cat he needed to go slowly. Ethan went in his Batmobile and drove so fast on the Lego highways past a Lego stop sign. When the Lego traffic light turned green, he went. He finally found the kitty cat named Joker on a bridge. The kitty cat named Joker was on this bridge, and under the bridge, there were Lego train sets going "ChuChu." Joker, the kitty cat, said that he would stop running so fast. Batman, which was Ethan, got out of his Batmobile and told the kitty cat that it needed to start behaving. The kitty cat said, "meow" and agreed to start behaving.

Ethan started to head back to his regular house because he wanted to find where the friendly dragon was that turned him into Batman because he was ready to be regular Ethan again. He looked all around the Lego city and couldn't find it until suddenly a parrot started to fly around. The parrot was so colorful, and it was flying in the sky of the Lego city, and the parrot was carrying something. It went right down to Batman, which was Ethan, and it had a note. The note said, "You can meet the dragon by the pond with the duckies." Batman, who was Ethan, rushed in his Lego Batmobile to the pond, and he found there were some duckies saying, "quack, quack, quack, quack, quack." Right next to the duckies, there was the nice dragon.

The nice dragon asked Ethan if he was done being Batman for the day. Ethan said that he was because he was getting tired and needed to go home to have a little bit of dinner and then to go to sleep. The nice dragon told Ethan that it was good that he was Batman and could help out for the day. He was ready to grant his wish and make him a regular Ethan again. Suddenly, the friendly dragon said, "avra keta avra," and turned Ethan back into a regular boy. Ethan was right next to his Lego house. He got into his Lego house and told his parents that he was Batman for a day. His parents were so happy and proud of Ethan. Ethan and his family lived happily ever after. The end.