Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Amelia. Amelia loved to go to the pond with her mom to see if there were any duckies because sometimes she liked to feed the ducks. You can feed ducks bread, crackers, or even fruit, which is a little bit healthier for them.

One day, when Amelia was at the pond, she saw there were no ducks. They were all hiding. Instead of ducks, there were frogs everywhere! Yes, the frogs in the pond were wearing goggles, and there were probably 17 or maybe even 21 different frogs in the pond. There were 100 frogs on the side of the pond, and the frogs on the side were wearing jackets, hats, sunglasses, and black colored shoes. Those frogs were listening to a concert.

The frogs in the middle of the pond were musical frogs, and they were putting on a froggy concert. There were frogs playing drums, frogs playing the guitar, and even one frog who was an expert whistler. The frog concert Amelia was listening to was so much fun because usually, people don't get to see frog concerts. Frogs only have concerts when people aren't looking.

Amelia realized that the frogs were letting her watch their special secret concert because it was close to her birthday. One of the frogs, named Friggity, asked Amelia if she liked their special concert. Amelia said it was a great concert. Friggity the frog told Amelia that soon a witch would come to listen to the concert. Amelia asked if it was a good witch or a bad witch. Friggity said her name was the Grape Witch, and she wore a big hat made of a raisin.

Amelia asked if the witch was nice, and Friggity said she was the nicest musical witch in the whole world. A regular person could be kind of musical, like knowing how to sing "Wheels on the Bus" or "Mary Had a Little Lamb." But a kind of song people can't make up is a froggy song with parrot sounds, birdies tweeting, and lion roars. That was the kind of witch she was, a musical witch.

Friggity said, "Look, there she comes!" Amelia saw a real person with a big green raisin hat, carrying a big bag full of pink sand. The witch was very silly because she wore pointy shoes like triangles, and her nose was on her belly button. She had two mouths, one on the bottom and one where her nose was supposed to be on her face. So she could eat two candies at the same time, like a lollipop and some chocolate.

The witch with the special raisin hat came up to Amelia and said Friggity Frog told her Amelia could see the wonderful frog concert. Amelia said it was a very good concert with so many frogs waiting at the edge of the pond to listen to the frogs dressed up in hats, jackets, and sunglasses, playing music in the middle of the pond.

The witch told Amelia she had to spill out all the pink sand to do some special witch magic. Amelia asked if it was good magic, and the witch said yes. The witch poured out the pink sand from her bag, making a big pile next to the froggy pond. As the witch poured the pink sand, it got bigger and bigger. All the frogs started to jump on the pink sand, and whenever a frog jumped on the sand, it turned pink!

Amelia asked if it worked on people too, and the witch said to try it. Amelia stepped on the pink sand, and guess what? She turned into a pink frog! Amelia was so happy because she wanted to play music too. She told Friggity frog they could play a little music, and then she would go back in the sand to become a person again.

Amelia played music with the frogs, and she was really good at the whistle and the harmonica. When she was done, she went back to the witch and said she was ready to turn back into an almost seven-year-old girl. The witch told her to jump twice in the pink sand. Amelia jumped, and she turned into a seven-year-old girl, even though it wasn't her birthday yet.

Amelia became the first girl ever to go forward in time, so she had an early birthday. Her birthday lasted for a whole week until it was really her birthday. Every day she got a new cake, new candles, and new presents for a whole week.

Amelia thanked the witch for giving her a week-long birthday with a new cake every day. She also said goodbye to the friendly frogs. Then Amelia went home with her mom, and they lived happily ever after. The end.