Hi, my name is Amelia, and Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Hi. My name is Amelia. I'm six years old, and I live in Melbourne, Australia. I would like a story about a bucket frog and a witch. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Amelia, who lives in Melbourne, Australia, and who turns seven years old next week on March 4. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Amelia. Happy birthday, Amelia. And Amelia asked for us to make up a story that includes a bucket, a frog, and a witch. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Amelia. Emilia loved to go to the pond with her mom and to see if there were any duckies, because sometimes Emilia liked to feed the ducks. And you can feed ducks bread or sometimes even crackers or sometimes fruit that's, like, a little bit healthier for ducks. But when Amelia was at the pond, she saw there were no ducks that day. They were all hiding. And instead of ducks, there were frogs everywhere. Yes. Did they wear goggles? Yes. The frogs in the pond were wearing goggles, and there were probably 17 or maybe even 21 different frogs in the pond. There were 100 frogs on the side of the pond, and the frogs on the side of the pond were wearing jackets, and they would wear hats, and some of them had sunglasses on, and they would wear, like, black colored shoes and those frogs bud that were on the side, they were listening to a concert. But the frogs in middle of the pond were playing. The frogs in middle of the pond were musical frogs, and they were putting on a froggy concert. There were frogs that were playing drums. There was frogs that were playing the guitar. There was even one frog who was an expert whistler, and he would play the whistle. And the concert that Amelia was listening to, the frog concert was such a fun concert because usually people don't get to see frog concerts. Frogs only have concerts when people aren't looking. But Amelia realized that the frogs were letting her look at their special secret concert because it was close to her birthday. And one of the frogs, whose name was Friggity, said, amelia, do you like our special concert? And Amelia said, yeah, it's such a good concert. And Friggity the frog said to Amelia that soon there was going to be a witch that would come to listen to the concert. And Amelia said, is this going to be a good witch or a bad witch? And Friggity frog said that her name is the grape Witch, and she wears a big hat that is made up of a raisin. And Emilia said, but that doesn't answer if she's nice or not. Is it a nice witch? And Friggity froggy said, she also has she carries a big bag of sand with her and some people call her the Sandwich. And Amelia said, but she's not a real sandwich. Right. And Friggity Frog said, she's not a real sandwich, like bread. And then Amelia said, well, really? Is she a good witch? And Friggity Froggy said she was the nicest musicalist witch in the whole world. Now, a regular person could be like kind of musical, like, maybe they'll know how to sing Wheels on the Bus or Mary Had a Little Lamb High. Lula, you will never come to a glue. Yeah, like that. Hi. Lula, you never come to a glue. And that is an example of a very good song that all kids like that people could make up. But a kind of song that people can't make up is like a froggy song with parrot sounds in the middle and different birdies going tweet tweet. And on top of that, you also have some lion roars in it. And so that was what the special witch who are the raisin hat and who carried a bag of sand to play with, carried. That's the kind of witch that she was, a musical witch. And friggity Froggy said, look, there she comes. And Amelia started to look and she saw that there really was a real person who had a big raisin as a hat. And the raisin hat was a green raisin and the person was carrying a big bag full of sand and the sand was pink. And the person was very silly because she was wearing shoes that were pointy like triangles and her nose wasn't in middle of her face, it was on her belly button. Oh, my gosh. It was a magical witchbud. And instead of having two noses one on no, she had two mouths. One was on the bottom and one was where her nose was supposed to be on her face. So she was able to eat two candies at the same time. Like if she wanted to have a lollipop and some chocolate, she could put the lollipop in one of her mouths and then she could put the chocolate in the different mouth. So the witch who had the special raisin hat came up to Amelia and said, amelia, Friggity Frog told me that you were able to see his wonderful frog concert. And Amelia said that it was a very good concert and that there were so many frogs waiting at the edge of the pond to listen to the frogs who were dressed up in hats and jackets and sunglasses and were playing music in middle of the pond. And the witch told Amelia that she had to spill out all of the pink sand, that she had to do some special witch magic. And Amelia said, It's going to be good magic, right? And the witch said yes. So the witch started to pour out the pink sand from her bag and it made a big pile that was like right next to the froggy pond with all of the froggies. And as the witch kept pouring the pink sand, it got bigger and bigger. And all of the froggies started to jump on the pink sand. And whenever a froggy would jump on the pink sand, do you know what color the frog turned into? What? Pink. And Emilia said, does that work on people also? And the witch said, try it, Amelia. And Amelia said, okay. And Amelia went on the pink sand. And do you know what happened? What? She turned into a pink frog. And Amelia said what? Now I could hop all by myself. And the witch said, Yay. And Amelia was so happy because she wanted to play some music also. So Amelia told Friggity frog that they could play a little music, and then she was going to go back in the sand to become a person again. And friggity frog said okay. They would just make her pink or yep. And friggity frog said okay. And Amelia started to play some music with the frogs. And Amelia was really good at the whistle and also at the harmonica. And then she was done playing with the music, so she went back to the witch and she said, I'm ready to turn back into an almost seven year old girl. And the witch said, okay, I need you to do two jumps in the pink sand. And Amelia jumped twice in the pink sand. And do you know what happened? What? Amelia turned into a seven year old girl. And it wasn't even her birthday yet. It was just almost her birthday. So she went ahead of time. Yeah, she went ahead in time. And Amelia became the first little girl. She was really a big girl. The first big girl. It was really the first girl ever and the first person ever to go forward in time. So she had an early birthday. And do you know what happened? Her birthday lasted for a whole week until it was really her birthday. And every day she got a new cake. And every day she got new candles. And every day she got new presents for a whole week. Amelia told the witch, thank you for giving her a week long birthday where she got a new cake every day. And also Amelia said goodbye to the friendly frogs. And then Amelia went home with her mom. And she lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi, my name is Max. I live in Denmark and I want to say hello to Luca.