Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were three girls named Abby, Lucy, and Josie. Abby, Lucy, and Josie lived in a house that was painted the color blue. They always loved to jump around the house, and they would jump around the living room, and they would jump around the kitchen. Sometimes when they took a bath for bath time and there were bubbles in the bath, they would even jump in the bubble bath, and their mom would tell them, "Abby, Lucy, Josie, you guys have to be so careful in the bath." Josie was so little that one time she fell down in the bath, and Lucy and Abby had to help her get up.

Well, one day, it was after dinner time, and after brushing teeth time, and Abby, Lucy, and Josie's mama was putting on their pajamas when they saw some kind of twinkly thing outside of their window. They looked at Lucy and Josie, and they saw that Lucy's pajamas were regular, and Abby's pajamas were regular, but Josie turned into a mermaid, and it wasn't even mermaid pajamas. Abby and Lucy told their mom, "Mom, look. Josie turned into this little mermaid. How could a one-year-old girl become a mermaid?" Abby, Lucy, and Josie's mom said, "Well, I didn't know these were magic pajamas, and I didn't know regular kids could just turn into mermaids." Josie started to flip about in her mermaid flippers. Abby and Lucy thought that was very silly.

But Josie was a little bit sad because sometimes before they went to bed, Abby and Lucy liked to have a dance party. Mermaids are good at a lot of things, but, you know, one thing they can't really do is dance. They can't dance because they have no legs. Josie really wanted to dance with them. Abby and Lucy asked their mom how Josie could join the dance party if she turned into a mermaid. Their mom said, "Maybe we need to figure out some hidden magic."

They looked up at the light switch, and Abby had an idea. She said, "Usually, if you turn on and off the light switch, the lights turn on and off. But maybe because there's some magic in the house, if we flip the light switch, then something different will happen." So she tried, and Abby switched the light. Do you know what happened? There was a disco ball that came from the sky. A disco ball is shiny and reflective and has all sorts of different color lights, and it makes the wall different colors, and it makes the carpet different colors, and it makes their bed different colors. The disco ball was shining all over, and there were so many different colors.

Then some music started to play. The music that was playing went, "The wheels on the bus go round and round, round and round, round and round. The wheels on the bus go round and round all through the town." Just as the music started to play, they saw the shadow of a bus go on the wall. Then another song came on. It said, "Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb." Just as they said that, there was a lamb that appeared in the room, and Mary also appeared for real.

Then another song came on, and it was "Itsy Bitsy Spider." The song went, "The itsy bitsy spider climbs up the water spout. Down came the rain and washed the spider out." Do you know what happened? A real spider came from the ceiling by the disco light, and it started going down. Then it went back up. Abby said, "Uh-oh, a spider." Lucy said, "Uh-oh, a spider?" Then another song came on about fishies. Abby and Lucy were like, "Whoa, now there are fishies in the room." Because fish were able to fly through the air. Usually, fish need to be in water. But this song and the magic switch that Abby turned made fish that were able to float in regular air.

Once the fish started to float in regular air, Josie, who had turned into a mermaid, became a big girl, not just a one-year-old, but she became six years old. Then Josie was the big sister. Even Abby, who was five years old, became younger than Josie. She was a six-year-old mermaid. She was able to fly through the air just like the fish. As she was flying through the air, do you know what happened? Another song came on, and it said, "London Bridge is falling down." Yeah. Then a bridge appeared, and it started to fall down. Do you know who started to fix it? Josie because she was the biggest one there. Abby and Lucy were like, "Wow, this is such a magical switch. Whenever we turn it on, it turns into these silly colors all over, and whatever we sing about comes real." They were singing and singing when suddenly they heard a ding-dong on their door, and somebody was knocking.

Abby, Lucy, and Josie decided that they would float through the air because they all got magical floating powers. They floated through the air to their front door. Their mom opened the front door, and do you know who she saw? A mailman. The mailman said, "Excuse me, I have a very big package for you guys." Abby, Lucy, and Josie looked at the package, and they saw that it was so big and it had gift wrapping on top of it. Abby, Lucy, and Josie accepted the package, and they opened it up and tore off the gift wrapping. Do you know what they saw inside? A trampoline.

They brought the trampoline into the bedroom that had the disco lights and had Mary and the Little Lamb and the Itsy Bitsy Spider and London Bridge. They started to have a jumping party on the trampoline. Once Josie got on the trampoline, do you know what happened? Her flipper came off, and she became a regular girl with two legs. So she was able to jump up and join the dance party. But she was still six years old now, and now she was the big sister. Abby was like, "I thought I was the big sister." Josie said, "No, today, because of magic, I became the big sister." Abby and Lucy looked, and guess what? Josie didn't even need diapers anymore because one-year-olds need diapers. But she was six now, so she didn't need diapers.

Suddenly Josie was able to talk, and there were so many special things that were going on. Abby said, "Wait, I have an idea. How about I turn the light switch off and see what happens?" So Abby turned the light switch off, and do you know what happened to the light? The light went away, and everything on the ceiling became twinkle stars. There were glow-in-the-dark stars that were all over the ceiling. Because the light was off, they were all able to see the glow-in-the-dark stars. They had such a fun time.

Then they saw a flash out of the window. Do you know what happened? Josie became one year old again. Josie looked at her mom, and she was like, "What happened?" But she couldn't talk because one-year-olds can't say that many words. Only a couple sometimes. Abby, Josie, and Lucy all lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to "Make Up" because they like it.