Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime rumpus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from three sisters named Abby, who's five years old, lucy, who's three years old, and Josie, who's one year old. And Abby, Lucy and Josie asked for us to make up a story that includes mermaids, dancing and magic. And we are going to add a trampoline to the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were three girls named Abby, Lucy and Josie. Abby, Lucy and Josie lived in a house that was painted the color blue. And they always loved to jump around the house, and they would jump around the living room, and they would jump around the kitchen. And sometimes when they took a bath for bath time and there were bubbles in the bath, they would even jump in the bubble bath, and their mom would tell them, abby, Lucy, Josie, you guys have to be so careful in the bath. And Josie was so little, one time she fell down in the bath, and Lucy and Abby had to help her get up. Well, one day, it was after dinner time, and after brushing teeth time, and Abby and Lucy and Josie's mama was putting on their pajamas when they saw some kind of twinkly thing outside of their window. And then they looked at Lucy and Josie, and they saw that Lucy's pajamas were regular, and Abby's pajamas were regular, but Josie turned into a mermaid, and it wasn't even mermaid pajamas. And Abby and Lucy told their mom, mom, look. Josie turned into this little mermaid. And how could a one year old girl become a mermaid? And Abby and Lucy and Josie's mom said, well, I didn't know these were magic pajamas, and I didn't know regular kids could just turn into mermaids. And Josie started to flip about in her mermaid flippers. And Abby and Lucy thought that was very silly. But Josie was a little bit sad, because sometimes before they went to bed, abby and Lucy liked to have a dance party. And mermaids are good at a lot of things, but, you know, one thing they can't really do is dance. They can't dance because they have no legs. And Josie really wanted to dance with them. And Abby and Lucy asked their mom how Josie could join the dance party if she turned into a mermaid. And their mom said, maybe we need to figure out some hidden magic. And they looked up at the light switch, and Abby had an idea. She said, Usually if you turn on and off the light switch, the lights turn on and off. But maybe because there's some magic in the house, if we flip the light switch, then something different will happen. And so she tried, and Abby switched the light. And do you know what happened? There was a disco ball that came from the sky. And a disco ball is shiny and reflective and has all sorts of different color lights and it makes the wall different colors and it makes the carpet different colors and it makes their bed different colors and the disco ball was shining all over and there were so many different colors. And then some music started to play. And the music that was playing went the wheels on the bus go round and round round and round, round and round the wheels on the bus go round and round all through the town and just as the music started to play. They saw the shadow of a bus go on the wall. And then another song came on. And it said Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb and just as they said that there was a lamb that appeared in the room and Mary also appeared for real. And then another song came on, and it was Itsy Bitsy Spider. And the song went, the itsy bitsy spider climbs up the water spout down came the rain and washed the spider out. And do you know what happened? A real spider came from the ceiling by the disco light and it started going down. And then it went back up. And Abby said, uhoh, a spider. And Lucy said, uhoh, a spider? And then another song came on about fishies. And Abby and Lucy were like, whoa, now there's fishies in the room. Because fish were able to fly through the air. Usually, fish need to be in water. But this song and the magic switch that Abby turned made fish that were able to float in regular air. Once the fish started to float in regular air, josie, who had turned into a mermaid, became a big girl, not just a one year old, but she became six years old. And then Josie was the big sister. And even Abby, who is five years old, became younger than Josie. And she was a six year old mermaid. And she was able to fly through the air just like the fish. And as she was flying through the air, do you know what happened? Another song came on, and it said, london Bridge is falling down. Yeah. And then a bridge appeared, and it started to fall down. And do you know who started to fix it? Josie, because she was the biggest one there. And Abby and Lucy were like, wow, this is such a magical switch. Whenever we turn it on, it turns into this silly colors all over, and whatever we sing about comes real. And they were singing and singing when suddenly they heard a ding dong on their door, and somebody was knocking. And so Abby, Lucy and Josie decided that they would float through the air, because they all got magical floating powers. They floated through the air to their front door. And their mom opened the front door, and do you know who she saw? A mailman. And the mailman said, excuse me, I have a very big package for you guys. And Abby and Lucy and Josie looked at the package, and they saw that it was so big and it had gift wrapping on top of it. And Abby, Lucy and Josie accepted the package, and they opened it up and they tore off the gift wrapping. And do you know what they saw inside? A trampoline. And they brought the trampoline into the bedroom that had the disco lights and had the Mary and the Little Lamb and the Itsy Bitsy Spider and London Bridge. And they started to have a jumping party on the trampoline. And once Josie got on the trampoline, do you know what happened? Her flipper came off, and she became a regular girl with two legs. So she was able to jump up and join the dance party. But she was still six years old now, and now she was the big sister. And Abby was like, I thought I was the big sister. And Josie said, no, today, because of magic, I became the big sister. And Abby and Lucy looked, and guess what? Josie didn't even need diapers anymore because one year olds need diapers. But she was six now, so she didn't need diapers. And suddenly Josie was able to talk, and there were so many special things that were going on. And Abby said, Wait, I have an idea. How about I turn the light switch off and see what happens? And so Abby turned the light switch off, and do you know what happened to the light? The light went away, and everything on the ceiling became twinkle stars. There were glow in the dark stars that were all over the ceiling. And because the light was off, they were all able to see the glow in the dark stars. And they had such a fun time. And then they saw a flash out of the window. And do you know what happened? Josie became one years old again. And Josie looked at her mom, and she was like, what happened? But she couldn't talk because one year olds can't say that many words. Only a couple sometimes. And Abby and Josie and Lucy all lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.