Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six-year-old girl named Coco. Coco lived in the middle of the jungle with so many trees. There were monkeys on the trees that would chatter, and there were snakes that slithered around the soil in the rainforest. There were big fish that swam in the rivers of the rainforest. In the rainforest where Coco lived, there were ants as big as fingers and grasshoppers the size of a mouse. The forest that Coco lived in was really special and had lots of secret places.

One day, Coco's mama took Coco and her brothers, Harley and Gus, for a walk in a hidden part of the forest. While they were walking through the hidden part of the forest, Coco saw something colorful fly by, and she noticed that it was a parrot. The parrot said to Coco, "Coco, do you want to go down a big special slide?" Coco told her mom that the parrot was really talking to her. Coco's mom said that sometimes parrots could talk just like people. So Coco told the colorful parrot, yes, she wanted to go down the big special slide.

Coco and her mama, Harley, and Gus followed the colorful parrot as it walked through a trail in the forest. Sometimes the parrot would fly, sometimes it would stay on Coco's shoulder, and sometimes it would be right in front of them. Finally, they got to a tree that was bigger than any other tree in the whole world. The tree was so big, it was as big as a building. It was even bigger than a redwood tree. This tree was so big that it went all the way up to the clouds.

The parrot told Coco, Harley, and Gus that it could help pull a string that would pull them up to the top of the tree. At the top of the tree, there was a slide. You could slide around the big tree in circles until you got all the way down. It was a way of taking a slide ride from the top of the tree, which was in the clouds, all the way back in circles to the ground.

Coco agreed, so the parrot helped put Coco, her brothers, and her mom in a harness and started pulling them up to the top of the tree. When they got to the very top of the tree, Coco saw that it was full of glitter. Whenever the wind blew on the top of the tree, the glitter would blow everywhere. It was kind of like in the fall when leaves fall from a tree, but instead, it was glitter falling.

Coco said that she wanted to hold her mom's hand while they went down the slide because it was such a big slide. Her mom agreed and would also hold Harley and Gus. Once they got in the slide, they were ready to slide down, and they saw a big red button. Coco pressed the red button, and she saw that when you press the red button, it makes the slide into a water slide. Water would go down, too, to make it slipperier and faster.

Coco saw that in the front of the sled, there was another red button. When she pressed the red button, a monster truck came out from the other side of the tree. She was going to have a race down the slide with the monster truck, which was also going to go down the tree. The parrot said, "Ready, set, go!" The sparkles started to fly, and the glitter went everywhere.

Coco and the monster truck raced down the slide inside the tree, from the top of the clouds all the way to the bottom of the tree in the special forest. It was very close because the monster truck got ahead of Coco as she was going down the slide. But at the very last turn, Coco's slide sped up, and her brothers, Harley and Gus, got to the finish line right with her and got in front of the monster truck. They won the race.

When they all got out of the tree, Coco said, "That was such a fun slide. I never went on a slide that was that high." Just as they got out, they heard a wizard. The wizard said he was a special magician from the magic forest. He had a guitar and told Coco that whenever he played the guitar, instead of playing sounds, it played colors. Whenever you heard the sound, you could also see a color.

The wizard started to play his guitar, and when he started to play it, Coco saw green and blue floating in the air. As he played more, she saw different colors like red, yellow, and green. All of the sounds had a different color, and they were all dancing together in the air. Coco, Harley, and Gus were having a lot of fun, and suddenly there were more sparkles in the sky in the magic forest.

All of the animals, like the monkeys, snakes, big ants, and fish, started to dance at the same time. The fish jumped out of the water, the snakes did some big slithery jumps, and the monkeys jumped from branch to branch. Everyone, including Coco, celebrated because of the sparkles in the sky.

Now that Coco knew the way to this secret, special, biggest slide in the world and that there was a wizard next to it, she asked the parrot if it could show her something else. The parrot agreed and started to show Coco that if she wanted to get a magic guitar too and learn how to play it in a way that each sound made a different color, all she had to do was pick up the guitar that was behind the tree.

Coco looked behind the tree and saw there was a guitar. She started to play the guitar, moved her fingers across it, and it started to make different colors. Coco realized that if you want sounds to make different colors, you just have to close your eyes and imagine it. She told her brothers Harley and Gus that they could do it too. Coco and her family lived happily ever after. The end.