Welcome to makeup the kids bedtime wombus. I'm Coco and I'm six and I live in bash on in the state of Washington. And I have two brothers named harlene gus. And I want a story about a guitar and glitters on some glitter and a big slide. Thank you. Tonight's makes up story request comes from a six year old girl named coco who has two brothers named Harley and Gus and who lives in vashon in the state of Washington. And what do we know about that? This is real. And we live in Washington because that's where we make up all makeups. That's right. And Coco asked for us to make up a story that includes a guitar, sparkles, and a big slide. And buddy, what else did you want to be in the story? Monster. Do a monster truck. Okay. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six year old girl whose name was Coco. Coco lived in middle of the jungle where there were so many trees. And there were monkeys on the trees that would say and there were snakes that slithered around the soil in the rainforest. And there were big fish that swam in the rivers of the rainforest. And there were so many bugs in the rainforest where cocoa lived. There were ants that were as big as fingers. And there were also grasshoppers that were the size of a mouse. The forest that cocoa lived in was really special and it had lots of secret places. One day, Coco's mama was going with coco and coco's brothers, harley and Gus for a walk in a hidden part of the forest. And while they were walking through the hidden part of the forest, coco saw something colorful fly by and she noticed that it was a parrot. And the parrot said to coco, coco, do you want to go down a big special slide? And coco told her mom that the parrot was really talking to her. And coco's mom said that sometimes parrots could talk just like people. And so coco told the colorful parrot, yes, she wanted to go down the big special slide. And so Coco and her mama and Harley and Gus followed the colorful parrot as it walked through a trail in the forest. And the parrot sometimes would fly and sometimes the parrot would stay on coco's shoulder. And sometimes the parrot was right in front of them. Finally they got to a tree that was bigger than any other tree in the whole world. The tree was so big, it was as big as a building. It was even bigger than a redwood tree. This tree was so big that it went all the way up to the clouds. And the parrot told coco and coco's brother, harley and Gus that the parrot could help pull a string that would pull them up to the top of the tree. And then in the top of the tree there was a slide. And you can slide around the big tree in circles until you get all the way down. And it's a way of taking a slide ride from the top of the tree, which is in the clouds, all the way back in circles back to the ground. And Coco said, okay. So the parrot helped put Coco and Coco's brothers, Harley and Gus, and Coco's mom, in a harness, and it started pulling them up to the top of the tree. When they got to the very top of the tree, coco saw that it was full of glitter. And whenever the wind blew on the top of the tree, the glitter would blow everywhere. It was kind of like in the fall, if leaves fall from a tree, imagine if just glitter is falling. And that's what it was like on the top of this biggest tree in the world. And when Cocoa got in, she said that she wanted to hold her mom's hand while they went through the slide because it was such a big slide. And her mom said, okay. And she would also hold Harley and Gus. And once they got in the slide, they were ready to slide down and they saw there was a big red button. Coco pressed the red button and she saw that when you press the red button, it makes the slide into a water slide. And water will go down, too, to make it slippier and faster. And then Coco saw that in the front of the sled, where she was going to slide down the sled, in the front of the sled, there was a button that was red. And when she pressed the red button, do you know what came out from the other side of the tree, bud. What? A monster truck. And she was going to have a race down the slide with a monster truck, which was also going to go down the tree. And then the parrot said, Ready, set, go. And the sparkles started to fly. And the glitter went everywhere. And Coco and the monster truck raced down the slide inside the tree, from the top of the clouds all the way to the bottom of the tree in the special forest. It was very close because the monster truck got ahead of Coco as she was going down the slide. But at the very last turn, Coco's slide sped up. And her brothers, Harley and Gus, got to the finish line right with her and got in front of the monster truck. And so they won the race. Well, they all got out of the tree. And Coco said, that was such a fun slide. I never went on the slide that was that high. And just as they got out, they heard a wizard. And a wizard is like a magician who wears a special funny pointy hat. And the wizard said, he is a special magician from the magic forest. And he had a guitar and he told Coco, he said, Coco, I know how to do a special trick with the guitar. And he said that whenever he started playing the guitar, the guitar is a musical instrument. He said whenever he made the instrument go, instead of playing sounds, it played colors. And whenever you heard the sound, you could also see a color. And the wizard started to play his guitar. And when he started to play it, coco saw some green and blue floating in the air. And as he played it more, she saw some different colors like red and yellow and green. And all of the sounds had a different color. And they were all dancing together in the air. And Cocoa was having a lot of fun and Harley and Gus were trying to play there as well. Suddenly there were more sparkles in the sky, in the magic forest. And all of the animals like the monkeys and the snakes and the big, big ants and the fish that looked so big and so old they all started to dance at the same time. And the fishies jumped out of the water and the snakes did some big slithery snake jumps and the monkeys did some jumping from branch to branch. And all of the people, just like Cocoa celebrated because of the sparkles in the sky. Now that Coco knew the way to this secret, special, biggest slide in the world and that there was a wizard next to it, she asked the parrot if the parrot could show her something else. And the parrot said okay. And the parrot started to show Coco that if she wanted to get a magic guitar too and learn how to play it in a way that each sound made a different color, all she had to do is pick up the guitar that was behind the tree. And she looked behind the tree and she saw there was a guitar. And Coco started to play the guitar. And she moved her fingers across it and it started to make different colors. And Coco realized that if you want sounds to make different colors, you just have to close your eyes and imagine it. And Coco told her brothers Harley and Gus that they could do it too. And Coco and her family lift happily ever after. The End tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.