Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl named Elise. Elise had an old book on the top of a bookshelf. Elise's mom always told her, "Don't look at that book. Don't look at that book." But it looked like a kid's book. Elise grew more and more curious. One day, she asked, "Mom, can I please climb up to the top of the bookshelf and get that book?" Elise's mom said, "Well, I'm not so sure, because I don't know if you're old enough yet." Elise replied, "But I turned five two weeks ago." Elise's dad agreed that she was right, and it was time for her to look at the special book on the top of the bookshelf.

Elise carefully reached out and grabbed the book. She brought it down the stepladder, making sure not to fall. When she reached the ground, she said, "All right, mom and dad, now I'm going to look through the book." Elise opened the book, and instead of letters and pictures, it unfolded into a treasure map! The book wasn't a kid's book at all. It was a treasure map with lines, squiggles, pictures of gold, mermaids, an island far away, Lucky Charms, magic wands, fairies, butterflies, unicorns, upside-down castles, giant babies, and many more silly things.

Elise asked her parents, "Did you know about this treasure map, and what does it lead to?" Her parents said that the last time they looked at the book, it was a regular kid's book, and that every time a new person opens the book, it shows something new. For Elise, it was showing a treasure map. In the middle of the map, there was a red button that said, "Press me." Elise held her parents' hands as she pressed the red button on the treasure map. Suddenly, they saw a silly-looking helicopter outside their window.

The helicopter had a fork and a knife as its propellers, arranged crisscross applesauce. Instead of a regular pole on top, it had a metal straw. The pilot looked like a piggy but could talk like a person. The piggy pilot landed in Elise's backyard and knocked on the door. Elise and her parents opened the door, and the piggy pilot asked, "Did somebody press a button on a secret treasure map?" Elise said she did. The piggy pilot told them they should go on a helicopter ride to find the treasure, because that's what happens when you press the red button.

Elise and her parents got into the helicopter, buckled their seatbelts, and Elise sat in a special helicopter seat for kids. The piggy pilot said, "Off we go," and they lifted off. Elise could see her house in Minnesota from the sky, as well as the neighbor's houses, streets, and stores. The piggy helicopter pilot took them to an island on the other side of the world in a flash.

Everyone knows about the North Pole and the South Pole, but most people don't know about the East Pole and the West Pole. The piggy pilot took them to the West Pole, which was a desert full of sand. In a secret part of the West Pole, there was a place where it rained even when the sky was blue. The rain didn't make you wet, and you could splash in puddles without getting your shoes wet.

Elise loved the West Pole and saw a big princess castle there. The castle was built on sturdy glass poles held up by beautiful, rainbow-colored spider webs. The castle was so big it reached the clouds. It had big windows, mirrors, pets, bath toys, and even tiny mermaids that appeared in the bath when you closed your eyes and imagined them.

Elise and her family loved exploring the castle in the West Pole's sand. They met a prince dressed in a silly monkey costume. The monkey prince told Elise she could make any magic come true in the castle by waving her hands and saying, "Magic. Magic." Elise cast spells on everyone in the castle, telling them to visit her in Minnesota when they woke up. Then, Elise and her family went back to the special helicopter with the piggy pilot. They returned home to Minnesota, and Elise and her family lived happily ever after. The end.