Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They were riding in a Power Wheels and driving on the sidewalk when suddenly one of their neighbors saw them. The neighbor's name was Arthur, and he said, "I bet I could run faster than your Power Wheels." They decided to have a race. They got to the corner of the sidewalk, and Jesse said, "One, two, three, go." Arthur raced the Power Wheels. At first, the Power Wheels was winning, but then Arthur, who was wearing Nikes, ran so fast that even the Power Wheels couldn't keep up with him.

Jonah said, "Well, maybe the Power Wheels could win the race if Jesse's not in it because there would be less weight, and then the Power Wheels would go faster." Since Jonah thought that, he decided to put it on autopilot and got out. Jesse said, "Well, how about none of us are in the Power Wheels, and we just tie a rope onto the steering wheel of the Power Wheels so we make sure that it stays straight, and we put a rock on the pedal so that it goes, and we'll say, 'One, two, three.'" They set it up, put a rock next to the pedal of the Power Wheels, tied a rope onto the steering wheel to keep it straight, and said, "One, two, three, go." They pushed the rock onto the pedal, and Arthur started to race. The Power Wheels ended up winning the race to the end of the block. Jesse said, "Woohoo!" because he was so happy.

Once they invented a Power Wheels that could go by itself without kids being in control of it, many people from the town were interested in their invention. The mayor of the town came over to them and said, "Jesse and Jonah, I heard you guys invented a kind of Power Wheels that could drive by itself. Do you guys have any other invention ideas?" Jesse told the mayor that he had an idea for a kind of hose, and the hose, instead of having water go out of it, would have fire go out of it because this was in the olden days.

The mayor said, "Well, how could that even work?" Jesse said, "Well, first we would have to turn time back to the olden days, so we're going to need a time machine." The mayor asked where they could get a time machine, and Jesse admitted he didn't know. The whole town organized a search, and everyone started looking everywhere, including under bushes, in playgrounds, in microwaves, inside computers, and even inside TVs.

Finally, an old lady suggested connecting a microwave to a TV and connecting the TV to the inside of a computer. Then they could take apart a phone, attach the phone to it, and put all of that around a Power Wheels to create a time machine. Everyone got to work, and the best scientists, technologists, repairmen, construction workers, and math students in the city all worked together to build the time machine. The part that you went in was actually the same Power Wheels that Jonah and Jesse used for their race.

After three whole days of work, the time machine was finished. Jesse told everyone that because it was his and Jonah's Power Wheels, they were going to go in the time machine first. Jesse and Jonah went in the time machine, and they traveled back to the olden days. They encountered a lion, but Jonah used the time machine's powers to create an invisible shield to protect them. They continued their adventure, eventually finding a hose that could spray fire instead of water. They used it to stop a stream from flooding everything.

However, they could hear an echo of their dad's voice in the clouds and the sky, calling for them. They realized they had to go back to the present day. Jesse thought of the current times and said his age four times, and suddenly they were back in their garage. Their whole town was looking at them, and everyone started to clap. They were so proud that they figured out how to use a real time machine.

Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end.