Once upon a time, there was a big boy named Dan and his little sister, Adriana. They had just moved into a new house with a big garage that had two different garage doors. Dan and Adriana always wanted to explore their neighborhood, but it wasn't easy because the streets had big hills that were hard for any kid to climb. The hills were steep, and it was always hot outside. Sometimes the streets were slippery too. You could try to walk up the streets, but then you would just slip right down. Why would you slip right down? Because it rained a lot on those streets. When it wasn't sunny during the nighttime, it rained, making the streets slippery. There was also a little bit of slippery oil on the streets sometimes because there was an oil factory on the nearby mountain, and there was a leak in the oil factory, so a lot just spilled down onto the streets. Combined with the water, it made for very slippery streets. Kids didn't like to walk up those.

Dan and Adriana told their mom that they should get Power Wheels to drive down the street. Their mom agreed. So they got a Jeep Power Wheels, charged it up with electricity, and were ready to go. Dan's mom held a remote control just in case. Dan decided to drive, and Adriana sat in the passenger seat. They closed the doors, and Dan drove the electric Power Wheels Jeep. But do you know what happened? It still slipped and wasn't big enough for that road. So Dan told his mom, "We're going to have to take the Power Wheels away and get a different kind, maybe a monster truck one." His mom said, "Okay."

The next morning, there was a big package at the door. It was so big that Dan's dad couldn't even bring it inside the house. Dan asked, "Who's the package for?" His dad looked at the name on it and said, "Well, it says Dan, so maybe it's for you." Dan said, "I think I know what it is." His dad said, "What?" Dan said, "It's going to be a secret." Adriana guessed, "I think it's going to be a Power Wheels monster truck." They opened it up, and Adriana was right. It was a Power Wheels monster truck.

Dan, Adriana, and their dad got some tools to help put it together. They used screwdrivers and wrenches to assemble the Power Wheels monster truck. They decided to ride it up the steep, slippery roads, which had oil running down them from the oil factory in the mountain nearby. They powered up the Power Wheels, and their mom counted down, "Three, two, one." Dan pressed the pedal, and Adriana sat inside with her seatbelt on in the monster truck Power Wheels. They started going and were able to go over the top of the hill. For the first time ever, Dan and his sister saw what was there. Do you know what it was? It was a zoo with a racetrack. The racetrack was for kids, and it had little race cars called go-carts with rubber bumpery things. If they crashed, nobody would get hurt because they couldn't crash into something hard.

Dan parked the monster truck, and they all went to the zoo, which had the racetrack. Next to the racetrack, there were cages with a leopard, a big black bear, and monkeys that jumped around on different trees inside the cages. Last but not least, right next to the racetrack in a round cage that went around the whole racetrack, was a cheetah named Chitty. Chitty the cheetah, the zookeeper said, was the fastest cheetah and liked to race the little race cars that the kids used. Dan and Adriana got into a go-cart, and the race director told them they could try their fastest and have a race with the cheetah. The race director said, "When I say go, I'm going to throw a piece of meat, and the cheetah will try to run after it. The piece of meat will still always be in front of the cheetah because it's going to be on a rope that has a motor on it, and it's going to go around the cage, and the cheetah will try to get the meat while you go around your racetrack, and we're going to see who wins the race." Dan said, "Okay." Adriana was sitting in the go-cart with him. Adriana brought five water bottles in case they got thirsty. The race director said, "Three, two, one, go." The cheetah started going quickly. Do you know what happened? Dan pressed on the gas as fast as he could, and the go-cart started going faster and faster until it got ahead of the cheetah. But once it got to the turn, the cheetah got ahead. By the end of the lap, the cheetah won. The race director said, "See? The cheetah is so fast."

But then Dan saw that there was a go-cart right next to the one that he was using that had three motors, and it had a turbo mode with a big red button. When you pushed it, it had a little rocket blast come out. He said, "I want to use that go-cart and race against the cheetah." The race director said, "Okay." Dan and Adriana went into the go-cart, and they put in all five of Adriana's water bottles. The race director said, "Three, two, one, go." They raced. Even this car, the cheetah, was faster than because at the very end, the car was about to win. But the cheetah zoomed past. Then Dan realized that he had an idea. He realized maybe the go-cart was a little too heavy to beat the cheetah because of all of Adriana's extra water bottles. So Dan told Adriana to put the water bottles outside of the go-cart and that they should race again without them, and then there wouldn't be as much weight in the go-cart, and maybe it could win even the fastest cheetah if they used the turbo mode.

They said, "Three, two, one." The cheetah was in position, and then they went, and the cheetah was getting ahead, but suddenly Dan pressed turbo, he pushed down the red button, and the rocket jets came out and went, and it got ahead of the cheetah, and it ended up winning the race. Because they won the race, they got to pet the cheetah. The cheetah didn't bite them. They had so much fun at this adventure zoo that Dan and his sister Adriana said thank you to the race director. They even gave a banana that they brought as a snack to the monkey in that zoo who was so hungry. When they passed by the bears, they said, "We'll see you a different time," because Dan and Adriana had decided to come back there a different day. They got back in their Power Wheels monster truck and drove down that slippery hill all the way. That's the end of the story. If you want me to make up a special story for you, then tell me three special things you want to be in the story and your name and write a review. I'll make up a special story just for you.