Once upon a time, there was a big boy whose name was Dan, and Dan had a little sister whose name was Adriana. And Dan and Adriana just moved into a new house. Their new house had a big garage, which had two different garage doors, and and Dan and his sister Adriana always wanted to be able to explore their neighborhood, but it wasn't so easy for them because the streets had such big hills that were hard for any kid to climb up. They were so steep, and it was always so hot outside. And sometimes the streets would also be slippery. And so you could try to walk up the streets, but then you just slip right down. Why would you slip right down? Because it rained a lot on those streets. When it wasn't sunny during the nighttime, it rained, and then they would make them so slippy. And there was also a little bit of slippery oil on the streets sometimes, because there is an oil factory on the nearby mountain, and there was a leak in the oil factory, and so a lot just spilled down onto the streets. So combined with the water, it's made for very slippy streets. So kids didn't like to walk up those. So Dan and his sister Adriana told their mom that they should get Power Wheels to drive down the street. And the mom agreed. So they got a Jeep, Power Wheels, and they went in it, and they charged it up with electricity. And then the mom said, okay, time for you guys to go. And Dan told his mom that she could hold a remote control just in case. And the mom said, okay, well, Dan decided to drive it, and Adriana sat in the passenger seat, and they closed the doors, and Dan went room on his electric Power Wheels Jeep. But do you know what happened? What? It still slipped and still wasn't big enough for that road. So Dan told his mom, we're going to have to take the Power Wheels away and get a different kind of Power Wheels that could go up this maybe a monster truck one. And his mom said, okay. So Dan went to sleep, and the next morning when he woke up, there was a big package in the door. And the package was as big as the entire front door. It was so big that Dan's dad couldn't even bring it inside the house. And Dan said, who's the package for? And his dad looked at the name on it and he said, well, it says Dan, so maybe it's for you. And Dan said, I think I know what it is. And his dad said what? And Dan said, It's going to be a secret. And Adriana said, I think it's going to be a Power Wheels monster truck. And they opened it up, and Adriana was right. It was a power wheels monster truck. Well, the dad and Dan and Adriana got some tools to help put it together. And they used screwdrivers and wrenches and stuff to put together the Power Wheels monster truck. And they decided to ride it up these steep, steep, slippery, slippery roads, which had oil running down them, that escaped the oil factory in the mountain nearby. And they powered up the power wheels. And the mom said, okay, we're going to go in three, two, one. And Dan pressed the pedal and let Adriana sit inside, and she had a seatbelt in the monster wheels power up, monster truck, power wheels. And they started going, and it was able to go over the top of the hill. And for the first time ever, dan and his sister saw what was there. And do you know what it was? It was a zoo with a racetrack. And the racetrack was for kids, and it had little race cars just for kids that had it was in a track that was full of rubber bumpery things. If it crashed, nobody would get a boo boo because it couldn't crash into something hard. And that kind of race car was called a go cart. And Dan parked his monster truck, and Adriana and Dan got off the monster truck and went with Dan and Adriana's mom and dada to the zoo, which had this racetrack. And next to the racetrack, there was a cage of a leopard, and there was also the cage of a bear, which was big and black, and there was also monkey cages, which used to jump around on different trees inside the cages. And last but not least, right next to the racetrack in a round cage that went around a whole racetrack, was a cheetah named Chitty. And Chitty the cheetah, the zookeeper said, is the fastest cheetah, and she likes to race the little race cars that the kids used. And Dan said, what are these race cars called? And the zookeeper said, this is called a go cart. And so Dan went in the go cart, and his sister went in the passenger seat next to them. And Dan told the go cart director that he was very good at this because he had his own power wheels and was even able to drive up the steep, slippery hills. And the race director told Dan that he could try his fastest and they could have a race with the cheetah. And so the race director said, when I'm going to say go, I'm going to throw a piece of meat, and the cheetah is going to try to run after it. And the piece of meat will still always be in front of the cheetah because it's going to be on a rope that has a motor on it, and it's going to go around the cage, and the cheetah is going to try to get the meat while you go around your racetrack, and we're going to see who wins the race. And Dan said okay. And Adriana was sitting in the go cart with him. And Adriana brought five water bottles in case they got thirsty. The Racetracker said, three, two, one, go. And the cheetah started going, but quickly. Do you know what happened? Dan pressed on the gas as fast as he could, and the go cart started going faster and faster until it got ahead of the Cheetah. But once it got to the turn, the cheetah got ahead. And by the end of the lap, the cheetah won. And the race director said, see? The cheetah is so fast. But then Dan saw that there was a go cart right next to the one that he was using that had three motors, and it had a turbo mode with a big button that was red. And when you pushed it, it had a little rocket blast come out. He said, I want to use that race that go cart and race against the Cheetah. And the race director said, okay. And Dan and Adriana went into go cart, and they put in all five of Adriana's water bottles. And the race director said, three, two, one, go. And they raced. And even this car, the Cheetah, was faster than because at the very end, the car was about to win. But the cheetah zoomed past. And then Dan realized that he had an idea. He realized maybe the go cart was a little too heavy to beat the Cheetah because of all of Adriana's extra water bottles. So Dan told Adriana to put the water bottles outside of the go cart and that they should race again without it, and then there wouldn't be as much weight in the go cart, and maybe it could win even the fastest Cheetah if they use the turbo mode. And so they said, Three, two, one. And the cheetah was in position, and then they went, and the cheetah was getting ahead, but suddenly damn. Press turbo, he pushed down the red button, and the rocket jets came out and went and it got ahead of the Cheetah, and it ended up winning the race. And because they won the race, they got to pet the cheetah. And the Cheetah didn't bite them. Well, they had so much fun at this adventure zoo that Dan and his sister Adriana said thank you to the race director. And they even gave a banana that they brought as a snack to the monkey in that zoo who was so hungry. And when they passed by the bears, they said, we'll see you a different time, because dad and Adriana had decided to come back there a different day. Well, they got back in their Power Wheels Jeep and drove down the Power Wheels monster truck and drove down that slippery hill all way. That's the end of the story. If you want me to make up a special story for you, then tell me three special things you want to be in the story and your name and write a review. I'll make up a special story just for you.