Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Elena. And Elena loved to play with a rubber ducky whenever she would take a bath. And she also liked to feed real duckies when she went to the pond. And so one day, Elena and her parents decided to bring their rubber ducky to a real pond. And Elena went with her mom all the way to the pond and they brought the rubber ducky. And when they got to the pond, they decided to throw some crackers and some bread at the real ducks that were in the pond. And Elena and her mom started to throw some crackers to all of the ducks in the pond. And soon so many ducks came close to Elena and close to Elena's mom and they started to eat the crackers and they were saying, Quack, quack. 

Well, just as that was happening, Elena put her rubber ducky on the ground and the other duckies liked Elena's rubber ducky. And one of the other duckies quacked right at Elena's rubber ducky. And when the other ducky quacked at Elena's rubber ducky, what happened was Elena's rubber ducky became a real duck and Elena's rubber duck asked for some crackers. So Elena told her mom that they had to give the last cracker to her rubber ducky because it turned real. Just as she was feeding all of the duckies, she noticed that on the grass right behind the pond, there was a fox. And the fox had elephant ears and it had a long elephant tail but really it looked like a fox and had fox eyes and fox legs and fox fur, but it had such big, floppy ears. And as the fox was walking over to the pond, it would move its big ears up and down on the grass. And the fox's big ears were blue, so the big blue ears would flap on the green grass and it was not a very sneaky fox. 

Well, the fox came over to the pond and the fox told Elena that it used to be a stuffy and that it used to be a stuffy fox. But it went and saw a real fox and the real fox started to talk to it. And then it became a real fox. But it still had its blue, floppy stuffy ears. Elena told the fox that it was okay and she asked the fox if it wanted to eat some crackers. Well, the fox said no because foxes don't like crackers. But Elena's mom brought a sandwich and Elena and the fox decided to share the sandwich. And the fox said to Elena's, rubber ducky that turned real do you want to be my friend? And the rubber ducky said yes to the fox. Elena told the fox and the rubber ducky that they had to be nice to each other. And the fox said okay. And the rubber ducky also said okay. 

And Elena and the rubber ducky looked at the tree and on the tree that they looked at they saw that there was a crown. And Elena and the rubber ducky went to the tree. And the rubber ducky tried to climb up the tree to get the crown, but it couldn't. And then Elena tried to climb up the tree but she couldn't do it by herself. Well so the fox decided to help. And then the fox let Elena step on her. And the fox used its floppy ears to make it comfortable. And the fox picked Elena up with its floppy ears and Elena got in the tree and she brought down the crown. When Elena brought down the crown, Elena's mom said that she was so proud of her. And Elena saw that the crown that she brought down from the tree was twinkly and it was made of diamonds. It looks like a crown from a real queen. Elena's mom told Elena that that is the most special crown that any five-year-old girl has ever found in the whole world. 

And Elena said this is because there used to be a princess that lived at this pond. And Elena's mom said she didn't know. Well, Elena told her mom that it was real. And the fox that had the big blue ears and also the rubber ducky that turned real they both told Elena's mom that Elena was right and the princess that used to live here used to collect stuffies and the princess that used to live there was the one that had the fox stuffy. And Elena and her mom decided that it was getting late and they would need to start to head home. So Elena and her mom said goodbye to the rubber ducky. And they told it was horrible. But the ducky wanted to stay in the lake for a little bit. So she said goodbye. And then the rubber ducky changed its mind and said, no. Please, can I go back home with you? And Elena said okay. And Elena's mom said it would be okay. That even though the rubber ducky turned real it could still live in Elena's house. So Elena and her mom brought the rubber ducky home. And also the fox with the floppy ears came over to Elena's house and became her pet fox. And Elena also brought the crown to her house. And whenever one of Elena's friends came over, they would look at the crown and they would say, wow. And Elena and her family lived happily ever after. The end.