Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kittens named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse were really, really furry. Sometimes the fur would get itchy on top of their heads, and sometimes under Jesse's kitty cat chin, it would also get very itchy. When he tried to scratch it with his kitty cat paws, he couldn't reach it. Jonah also couldn't reach under his chin or on top of his head to scratch an itch, because their chins were too high up for them to reach. Jonah and Jesse always wished they could become people because people could scratch their chins and itch their heads if their hair got itchy.

One day, Jonah and Jesse were exploring through the forest when they saw a troll. The troll had a green beard, and boogers were going down from his nose all the way onto the ground. Jesse said, we better stay away from that troll because we don't want to get sick. But Jonah noticed that the troll had a magic mirror next to him. Jonah said to Jesse, "Jesse, you distract the troll, and I'll go behind the troll to find the magic mirror." Jesse said, "Troll, look over here!" and he started to hop up and down. The troll with the green beard started to look at Jesse. Meanwhile, Jonah snuck around the back of the troll and went right to the mirror. Jonah looked in the mirror, and when he did, he turned into a person. After he became a person, he caught the troll in a net. Then Jesse said, "Make me into a person too!" Jonah picked up Jesse and put him in front of the mirror. When Jesse looked in the mirror, he turned into a person. They were so happy, finally they could scratch the itches under their chins and on top of their heads.

As people, they were able to go out of the forest into the village that lay near the river. They found the cobblestone trail that went all the way to the town. There were some horses galloping by, and Jesse and Jonah walked all the way to the village until they got to a little house. The house had lots of pets and people. When they got inside, they saw so much people food. They saw cheerios, pretzels, apples, bananas, and even some chicken nuggets. Jesse said, "Ew, that doesn't look yummy because that's people food. I still like cat food." Jonah agreed, and they looked all around the house for kitty food, but they couldn't find any. Finally, they were so tired that they decided to lay down on a bunk bed. Jesse went on the bottom bunk, and Jonah went on the top bunk, and they started to dream of kitty food.

When they woke up, they looked around, and Jonah climbed down from the top bunk. Jesse said, "Now we really have to get food because it's breakfast time, and we haven't eaten any kitty food in so long." Jonah had an idea. He told Jesse that they had to go find some fish because people could catch fish and cats could eat fish. So Jonah and Jesse got some fishing rods, and they went to a lake. They dug up some worms and put the worms carefully on the hooks. They started to cast the hooks into the water, and finally, some salmon began to nibble. Jesse caught a big fish, and Jonah caught a big fish. They asked the people to cook the fish into yummy salmon so they could eat them. The person asked, "Why do you want to eat them?" They said, "Because we used to be kitty cats, and both cats and people like to eat salmon." The person thought they were tricking, but Jesse said they really weren't. Jonah and Jesse gobbled up some yummy salmon.

After they finished eating, they went back to the village. They saw a new house that had just grown out of the ground. The house looked like it was alive because it was made of different branches, just like a tree. Jonah and Jesse went inside the house, and it started getting bigger and turning into a castle. The wood on the outside turned into bricks, and the branches turned into stone with windows. The castle grew bigger, and its branches went into the sky. Jonah and Jesse tried to explore, but they couldn't find a way down until Jonah realized there were big water slides that went through the stone branches. They took turns sliding on the water slides from the top of their castle all the way to the bottom. When they got to the bottom, they saw a bathroom with a mirror. Jonah and Jesse looked in the mirror and saw they were turning back into kitty cats. Jonah said, "Quick, let's scratch our chins and the top of our heads before we're all the way back to being kitty cats!" So they scratched their heads and chins, turned back into kitty cats, and went back to the forest. Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.