Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kittens named Jonah and Jesse, and Jonah and Jesse cats were really, really furry. And sometimes the fur would get itchy on top of their head, and sometimes under Jesse's kitty cat chin, it would also get very itchy. And when he would try to scratch it with his kitty cat paws, he couldn't reach it. And Jonah also couldn't reach under his chin or on top of his head to scratch an itch, because this long, because they weren't long enough, because their chins were too high up for them to reach. And Jonah and Jesse used to always wish that they could become people because people could scratch their chins and itch their heads if their hair got itchy.

One day, Jonah and Jesse kitty were exploring through the forest when they saw a troll. The troll had a green beard, and the troll had boogers that were going down from his nose all the way onto the ground. And the boogers the troll was sick, bud and the boogers were making a big pile on the ground. And Jesse kitty said, we better stay away from that troll because we don't want to get sick. But Jonah kitty noticed that the troll had a magic mirror next to him. And Jonah said to Jesse, Jesse Kitty, you distract the troll, and I'll go behind the troll to find the magic mirror. And Jesse said troll. Look over here. Look over here. And he started to hop up and down. And the troll that had the green beard and all of the boogers going down from his nose onto the ground started to look at Jesse kitty. And Jesse said, Troll, look, I'm hopping on my back feet. Meanwhile, Jonah kitty snuck around the back of the troll and went right to the mirror. Jonah kitty looked in the mirror, and when he looked in the mirror, he turned into a person. And after he became a person, he decided to catch the troll in a net. And then Jesse kitty said, make me into a person. And Jonah the person picked up Jesse kitty and put Jesse kitty in front of the mirror. And when Jesse kitty looked in the mirror, he turned into a person. They were so happy, finally they could scratch the itches under their chins and on top of their heads.

And as people, they were able to go out of the forest into the village that lay near the river. Well, they found the cobblestone trail that went all the way to the town. There were some horses galloping by, and Jesse and Joan of the People walked all the way to the village until they got right to a little house. And the house said, this is a house that had lots of pets and lots of people. When they got into the house, they saw so much people food. They saw cheerios, they saw pretzels, they saw apples, they saw bananas, they even saw some chicken nuggets. And Jesse said, EW, that doesn't look yummy because that's people food. I still like cat food. And Jonah said, let's not eat that. Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse looked all around the person's house until they couldn't look anymore. And wherever they looked, whether it was under the sink, in a dresser, in a closet, on top of a counter, under the couch, under the mattress, they could not find any kitty food. And even though Jonah and Jesse were people now, that's all they like to eat. Finally Jonah and Jesse were getting so tired looking for kitty food, they decided to lay down on a bunk bed. And Jesse went on the bottom of the bunk bed, and Jonah went on the top of the bunk bed, and they started to have dreams of kitty food.

When they woke up from their dream, they looked around, and Jonah got down from the top bunk bed, climbing down the ladder, and Jesse said, now we really have to get food because it's breakfast time. And we didn't eat any kitty food in so long. And that's when Jonah had an idea. Jonah told Jesse that they had to go find some fish because people could catch fish and cats could eat fish. So Jonah and Jesse got some fishing rods, and they went all the way to a lake, and they dug up some worms, and they put the worms very carefully on the hooks. The house that was on the lake where they give out fishing rods was named hook. And the house where they got the fishing rods was named hook. And they started to cast the hooks into the water. And finally some salmon began to nibble. And Jesse caught a big fish, and Jonah caught a big fish. And they told the people that they wanted them to cook all of those fish into yummy salmon so that they could eat them. And the person said, Why do you want to eat them? And they said, because we used to be kitty cats and kitty cats, and people both like to eat salmon. And the person said, they must be tricking. Jesse said he really wasn't tricking. And Jonah said shh. Jesse, just don't tell him. And Jonah and Jesse gobbled up some yummy salmon.

And after they finished eating, they went back to the village. When they went back to the village, they saw there was a new house that just grew out of the ground. The house looked like it was alive because it was made of different branches and stuff, just like a tree. And Jonah went in and opened the front door of the house. And Jesse also opened the house door. And after they both went inside the house, the house started getting bigger and bigger and turning into a castle. The wood on the outside turned into bricks. And instead of being a tree, all the different parts of the tree turned into stone with windows. And it started to grow bigger and bigger, and its branches went into the sky. And Jonah and Jesse were going around the house and they were trying to explore, but no matter where they went, they got higher and higher up. They couldn't find a way down until finally Jonah realized that the way to get down was there were big water slides that went through the stone branches and you can slide through the water slides to get to the bottom. And Jonah and Jesse took turns sliding on the waterslides from the very tippy top of their castle all the way until they got to the bottom. And when they got to the bottom, they saw that there was a bathroom that had a mirror. And Jonah looked in the mirror and Jesse looked in the mirror and they saw they were people, but they were turning back into kitty cats. And Jonah said to Jesse, quick, let's scratch our chins and scratch the top of our heads before we're all the way back to kitty cats. And so they scratch their heads and scratch their chins and they turn back to kitty cats and they went out of the front door of the house and they went all the way back to the forest. And Jonah and Jesse kitty cat lived happily ever after. The end.