Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl named Ruchel. Ruchel lived in the middle of the desert with her family in a tent, and they had a pet camel. Ruchel and her family were in charge of searching the deserts for treasure. Her dad was one of the best treasure hunters in the whole world, and her mom was really good at finding keys to treasure chests. Ruchel would go with her family on camels, and they would look all over the desert, trying to find treasures.

One day, as Ruchel was riding on one of the camels with a carpet on it, it started to rain in the desert. Ruchel told her parents that she thought it usually didn't rain in the desert. Her parents looked up and said it was actually hail because the rain was hard and looked like it was made of ice. So Ruchel and her family set up their tent and went inside.

After it stopped hailing, Ruchel looked out of the tent and saw that it wasn't really hailing ice. It was actually diamonds! Ruchel and her parents looked out, and the whole desert was no longer covered in sand. It was covered in diamonds from the hail. Ruchel told her parents that they found the biggest treasure of all and that it was really lucky they were out in the middle of the desert at that time. Her parents agreed with her.

They got out of their tent and climbed back on the camels. But as they did, they saw that some of the diamonds were starting to take shapes. There was a diamond that was becoming a diamond dog, a diamond that was becoming a diamond flower, and a diamond that was becoming a diamond unicorn. The diamonds were starting to turn into lots of different animals and beautiful flowers.

Some of the diamonds even got colors in them, and it looked like a rainbow shining on them when the diamonds turned into flowers because you could see the different colors in the tips of the diamonds. The dog made of diamond came up to the camel Ruchel was riding on and started to try to play with the camel. The camel looked down, unsure of what to do since it was its first time seeing a dog made out of diamond. But Ruchel had an idea.

Ruchel got down from the camel and told her parents they should do the same. When Ruchel and her parents were standing on all of the diamonds next to the diamond dog, diamond flowers, and all of the different diamond animals, they saw diamond butterflies flying about. There was even a diamond that turned into a fairy.

The diamond fairy, diamond dog, and diamond unicorn all gathered around Ruchel and her family, and they told them that they wanted to play. Ruchel asked her parents if it would be okay to play with all of the diamond animals, especially the diamond dog and the diamond unicorn. Her parents said it was okay.

But then Ruchel said there was no playground for them to play in. Just as she said that, the diamond unicorn sneezed, and when it sneezed, a playground appeared. The sneeze created a slide, monkey bars, a pretend ship, and even a zip line in the playground.

Ruchel decided that the diamond playground would be a good place for her to play with the new diamond animals, and her parents agreed. Ruchel went to the diamond playground and started to go down the slide. When she got to the bottom of the slide, she saw a big sandbox. She remembered that this used to be a desert, but now everything was covered in diamonds. So she asked the unicorn why there was still a sandbox in the playground it sneezed out.

The unicorn told Ruchel that it decided to bury the diamonds there because sometimes, if diamonds are everywhere, there are other things you might want to see. A sandbox could be more valuable. Ruchel looked around and saw that there really was no sand left in the rest of the desert, and it was really fun to play in the sandbox.

So she went in the sandbox, and the unicorn used its horn to dig a big, deep hole in the sandbox. At the bottom of the hole, Ruchel saw a treasure chest. Ruchel and her parents were special treasure hunters. She thought maybe treasures wouldn't matter anymore because there were diamonds everywhere, but it was still fun to find a treasure chest.

The unicorn took its horn out of the sand, and Ruchel took a good look at the treasure chest. It had a note on top of it. Ruchel asked her dad and mom if they could help her dig in the sand to get the treasure chest out. They took turns digging in the sand, and then Ruchel helped her parents lift the treasure chest out of the sandbox.

When they lifted the treasure chest all the way up, Ruchel decided to try to open it. This treasure chest didn't have a key. The diamond dog, diamond unicorn, and all of the flowers and different animals made of diamond made a circle around the sandbox in the playground. Ruchel put down the treasure chest and started to open it up.

As Ruchel opened the treasure chest, she saw something glowing inside, and light was coming out of it. As she opened it, she heard voices in the wind in the diamond desert. They were singing a song, but she couldn't tell what it was. So she opened the treasure chest more.

When Ruchel looked inside the treasure chest, she saw a book. The book was not made of diamond; it was made of regular book material. But when Ruchel picked up the book and looked inside, whatever story she wanted to be written on the book got written automatically. All Ruchel had to do was look at the page, and it would make the pictures and words she wanted.

Ruchel decided to start writing books using this. She would write one book by looking at the pages, and the pages would fill up with the right drawings and words. Then she would give that book to her parents, and a new book would appear. The treasure chest was really special because it let Ruchel write many children's stories all by herself.

Ruchel became a famous author, and everyone was so proud of her. Ruchel and her family lived happily ever after. The end.