Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl whose name was Ruchel. Ruchel lived in the middle of the desert, and her family lived in a tent, and they had a pet camel. Ruckel and her family were in charge of looking through the deserts to see if they could find any treasure. And Ruckel's dad was one of the best treasure hunters in the whole world. And Ruckel's mom was also really good at finding keys to treasure boxes. And Ruckel would go with her whole family on camels, and they would look all over the desert, and they would try to find treasures.

One day, as Ruckel was taking a ride on one of the camels, and the camel had a carpet on it, it started to rain in the desert. And Ruckel told her parents that she thought usually it didn't rain in the desert. And her parents looked up, and they said it was really hail because the rain was hard, and it looked like it was made of ice. So Ruckel and her family, they made their tent, and they went inside.

After it stopped hailing, Ruckel looked out of the tent, and she saw that it wasn't really hailing ice. It was really diamonds. And Ruckel and her parents looked out, and the whole desert was no longer covered in sand. It was covered in diamonds from the hail. And Ruckel told her parents that they found the biggest treasure of all and that it was really lucky that they were out in the middle of the desert at that time. And Ruckel's parents said that she was right.

Well, they got out of their tent, and they climbed back on the camels. But as they got back on the camels, they saw that some of the diamonds were starting to take shapes, and there was a diamond that was becoming a diamond dog, and there was a diamond that was becoming a diamond flower, and there was a diamond that was becoming a diamond unicorn. And the diamonds were starting to turn into lots of different animals and lots of different pretty flowers.

Some of the diamonds even got colors in them, and it looked like kind of a rainbow shining on them when the diamonds turned into flowers because you could see the different colors in the tipsy parts of the diamonds. And the dog that was made of diamond came up to the camel that Ruckel was riding on, and the dog started to try to play with the camel. The camel looked down. It was the camel's first time seeing a dog that was made out of diamond. And so he didn't really know what to do. But Ruffle had an idea.

Ruffle got down from the camel. She told her parents that they should go down too. And when Ruckel and her parents went down from the camel and they were standing on all of the diamonds right next to the diamond dog and the diamond flowers and all of the different diamond animals, and she could start to see that there were diamond butterflies flying about. There was even one of the diamonds that turned into a fairy.

And the diamond fairy and the diamond dog and the diamond unicorn all went around Ruckel and her family, and they told Ruckel and her family that they wanted to play. And Ruckel asked her parents if it would be okay to play with all of the diamond animals and especially with the diamond dog and the diamond unicorn. And Ruckel's parents said it was okay.

But then Ruckel said, well, there's no playground here for us to play in. And just as she said that the diamond unicorn sneezed, and when the diamond unicorn sneezed, a playground appeared. It kind of came out of the unicorn sneeze. Like when it sneezed a slide came. There were some kind of monkey bars that came out of the sneeze. There was like a little pretend ship. There was even a zip line in the playground that the unicorn created.

And so Ruffle decided that that would be a good place for her to play with the new diamond animals, and her parents agreed. So Ruffle went in the diamond playground, and she started to go down the slide. And when she got to the bottom of the slide, Ruffle saw that there was a big sandbox. And she remembered that this used to be a desert, but now everything was covered in diamond. So she asked the unicorn, why is there still a sandbox in the playground that you sneezed out?

And the unicorn told Rahul that he decided to bury the diamonds there because sometimes if diamonds are everywhere, everywhere, there are other things that you might want to see. And it could be that a sandbox is more valuable. And Ruckel looked around and she saw that there really was no sand left in the rest of the desert, and it was really fun to play in the sandbox.

And so she went in the sandbox, and the unicorn used its unicorn horn to dig a big, deep hole in the sandbox. And at the bottom of the hole, Ruckel saw there was a treasure box. And Ruckel and her parents were special treasure hunters. She thought maybe treasures wouldn't matter anymore because there were diamonds everywhere, but it was still kind of fun to find a treasure box.

And so the unicorn took its horn out of the sand, and Ruckel took a good look at the treasure box. The treasure box had a note on top of it. And then Ruckel asked her dad and her mom if they could help her dig in the sand to get out the treasure box. And Ruckel and her parents took turns digging in the sand. And then Ruckel helped her dad and her mom pick the treasure box out of the sandbox.

And when they lifted the treasure box all the way up, Ruckel decided she would try to open it. This treasure box didn't have a key. And so the diamond dog and the diamond unicorn and all of the flowers and different animals that were made of diamond made a circle right around the sandbox in the playground. And Ruckel put down the treasure box, and she started to open it up.

As Ruckel opened up the treasure box, she saw that there was kind of something glowing inside, and there was light that was coming out of the treasure box. And as you opened the treasure box, there was starting to be some kind of voices that were in the wind in the diamond desert. And Ruckel could hear those voices, and they were kind of singing a song, and it sounded like and she couldn't tell what that song was. So she opened the treasure box more.

And when Ruffle looked inside the treasure box, she saw there was a book. The book was not made of diamond. It was made of regular book material. But when Ruckel picked up the book and she looked inside of it, whatever story she wanted to be written on the book got written automatically. All Ruckel had to do was to look at the page, and then it would make the pictures that were in her mind, and it would also put the words there that she wanted.

And so Ruffle decided to start writing books using this. And she would write one book by looking at the pages, and the pages would fill up with the right drawings and the right letters, and then she would give that book to her parents, and a new book would appear. And so the treasure box was really special because it let Ruckel write so many kids stories all by herself.

And Ruckel became a famous author, and everyone was so proud of her. And Ruckel and her family lived happily ever after. The end.