Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived on a farm, and their house was right in the middle of it, painted red. There were no doors to the house. To get inside, you needed a rope attached to a pole sticking out from the middle of the house. You had to climb up the rope and carefully crawl across the pole to get inside. But if you were a kid who didn't know how to do that, or if you were older and found it hard to climb ropes, there was a car seat that could be pulled up by the rope and slide across the pole. There was also a regular chair, and sometimes a hook could be attached to the rope to pick things up, like a wheelchair or furniture. Everything had to go up the rope and across the pole because there was no front door. Jesse and Jonah became really good climbers because they had to do this every day.

One day, early in the morning, Jesse and Jonah heard the chickens outside making noises. They knew today was a big day because it was their first day of school. They had never seen other kids before because they lived so far from schools or other farms, so they were very excited. Jesse and Jonah went across the pole, down the rope, and took the trail near their house along a pond. They followed a beach until they reached the end of the sandy area, where they saw some big stairs to climb. They climbed the stairs and saw their new school, called Hogwarts. They had become wizards! They didn't know they were going to a magic school until that day. They had never seen other kids before, so Jesse told Jonah that maybe other kids had three ears or four eyes. Jonah told Jesse that he once read in a book that some kids had four legs and could run backward and forward at the same time.

Jonah knocked on the door to Hogwarts, and when it opened, there was a headmaster with three heads and four arms. The headmaster said, "Welcome to Hogwarts, young farmers." Inside the school, they saw a rope just like in their farmhouse. Jesse whispered to Jonah that it was just like their house, but when he whispered, there was a big echo, and everyone could hear him. Jonah then said, "Jesse, don't whisper," but when he said it, it sounded very quiet, like a whisper. They knew there was some magic going on. They saw other wizard kids climbing up the rope and going across the pole to get to the middle of Hogwarts, where a game was being played. Jesse said, "Come on, Jonah," and they climbed up the rope because they were experts.

As they headed towards the big field where the game was being played, one of the kids asked Jonah and Jesse how they learned to climb rope so well. Jonah told the kid about their farmhouse, and the kid said he lived on a farmhouse too, with a pole just like that. Another kid said he lived on a farmhouse just like that as well. Jesse told Jonah that it seemed like all the wizards at Hogwarts lived in farmhouses like theirs. All the kids also told Jonah and Jesse that they had never seen other kids before and wondered if some kids had hands on their feet and feet on their elbows. Jonah and Jesse laughed because they thought that was silly.

Finally, they reached the end of the hallway and entered the main outdoor part of Hogwarts. There was a big field with bleachers at the end, filled with giants, dwarves, and other magical creatures. Jonah and Jesse saw that a game of Quidditch was being played, and Harry Potter was there. Harry Potter tried to climb up a rope and crawl across a pole, but he started to fall. Jesse went to the rescue because he was an expert, and he helped Harry Potter get back onto the pole. On the other side, Jonah was waiting with an arm out to help Harry Potter.

The whole crowd watched Jonah and Jesse save Harry Potter, and they all clapped. They said Jonah and Jesse saved the day and welcomed them to Hogwarts. Jonah told Jesse they needed magic wands, and Jesse said he could make them. He drew a line in the ground, and a magic wand appeared. It was cold and black. Jesse picked it up and said, "Two magic wands," and the wand split in half. He gave the other wand to Jonah, and they had a pretend sword fight. Then they changed their wands into brooms, flew back to their farm, and used their magic brooms to get inside their house. Jonah, Jesse, and their whole family lived happily ever after. The end.