Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids whose names were Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse lived on a farm, and the house that they lived in was right in the middle of the farm, and it was painted red. There were no doors to the house. The only way to get into the house was if you had a rope and there was a pole sticking out from the middle of the house, and the rope was attached to that pole, and you had to climb up the rope. And then when you got to the top of the rope, then you had to kind of crawl very carefully on the pole to get across into their farmhouse. But if you were like a kid and you didn't know how to do all of that, or if you were really old and it was hard for you to climb up ropes, then there was also a car seat. That you could go in and the rope would just pull up the car seat, and then the car seat would slide across the pole. And then you could get inside the house like that. And there was also a regular chair, and sometimes a hook could be attached to the rope and you could pick things up, like if you needed to pick up, let's say, a wheelchair or some furniture, if you were moving, nothing could go in the front door because there was no front door. So everything had to go up that rope and across the pole. And Jesse and Jonah got to be really good climbers because they had to climb that up every day.

And one day, it was the beginning of the morning, it was still dark outside, and Jesse and Jonah could hear the chickens outside making chicken noises. And they knew that today was going to be a big day because it was their first day of school. Jesse and Jonah had never seen other kids before because they just lived on this farm, and the farm was so far from, like, schools or other farms, and so they were very excited about going to school. Jesse and Jonah went across the pole, and then they went down the rope. After they got down the rope, they took the trail near their house along a pond, and they followed a beach until they got to the end of the sandy beach where they saw some big stairs to climb. Jonah and Jesse climbed up the stairs and when they climbed up the stairs, they saw their new school. And their new school was called Hogwarts. They had become wizards. They didn't know before they left to school that day that they were going to go to a magic school. And so they just found out that they were going to this magic school. They never even saw any other kids before. And Jesse was telling Jonah that maybe other kids had three ears or four eyes. And Jonah told Jesse that he once read in a book that there were some kids that had four legs and could run backwards and forwards at the same time.

Well, Jonah knocked on the door to Hogwarts and when the door opened, there was a headmaster that had three heads. And the heads would turn around and they would look at Jonah and Jesse at the same time. And the headmaster also had four different arms. And the headmaster said, welcome to Hogwarts, young farmers. And when he showed them the inside of the school, they saw that there was a rope just like in their farmhouse and that you could climb up the rope and that there was a pole at the end of it that you had to crawl across. Jesse told Jonah, he whispered he said, that's just like our house. But when Jesse whispered in Hogwarts, there was a big echo and everyone could hear what he said. So Jonah then said, Jesse, don't whisper. And Jonah said it really loudly. But when he said it, it sounded very quiet, like a whisper. Jonah and Jesse knew there was some magic going on. And they saw that there were some different wizard kids that were climbing up the rope and starting to go across the pole to get to the middle of the Hogwarts school where there was some kind of game that was being played. Jesse said, Come on, Jonah. And they climbed up the rope because they were experts, since they had done it their whole lives.

And when they started going towards the big field where they saw there was a game being played, one of the kids asked Jonah and Jesse how they learned to climb rope so well. And Jonah told the kid that they had one in their farmhouse. And that kid said that he lives on a farmhouse also, and there was a pole just like that. And there was a different kid who was walking by them in the hallway. And the different kid said he lived on a farmhouse just like that. And Jesse told Jonah that it seemed like all of the wizards that went to Hogwarts lived in farmhouses that were the same as theirs. And all of the kids also told Jonah and Jesse that they never saw other kids before and that they wondered if there were some kids that had hands on their feet and feet on their elbows. And Jonah and Jesse laughed because they thought that was silly.

Finally, they were getting to the end of the hallway. When they got to the end of the hallway, they saw they were in the main outdoor part of Hogwarts. There was a lot of grass on the ground. It was a big field and there were some bleachers at the end of it. The bleachers had big seats and there were all sorts of giants that were sitting in them. Some of them took up four different rows at once. There were also dwarves and lots of different magical creatures. And Jonah and Jesse said, is this game going to happen? And they saw that there was a game of quidditch that was being played. And Jonah and Jesse saw that Harry Potter was there. And they saw that Harry Potter also looks like he was trying to climb up a rope. And Harry Potter climbed up the rope, and there was a pole at the end of the rope. And he started to crawl across the pole. But Harry Potter started to fall and he couldn't hold on to the pole. So Jesse went to the rescue because he was an expert at that. And he climbed up the rope and he helped Harry Potter get back onto the pole to crawl across. And on the other side, Jonah was already there waiting with an arm out to help Harry Potter get to the rescue.

Well, the whole crowd was watching Jonah and Jesse save Harry Potter. And they were all so happy. So they all started to clap. And everyone said that Jonah and Jesse saved the day. And they told them welcome to Hogwarts. And Jonah and Jesse were really happy to be there. Jonah told Jesse that what they really needed were some magic wands. And Jesse said I could just make them. And Jonah said, how? And Jesse put his finger in the ground and he started to make a line in the ground. And suddenly that ground with the line in it had a magic wand on it. And the magic wand was kind of cold and it was black. And Jesse picked it up and he said, Two magic wands. And then the magic wand split in half. And he gave the other magic wand to his big brother Jonah. And Jonah and Jesse, now that they had magic wands, they had a pretend sword fight until they decided to change their magic wands into brooms. And then they got aboard their brooms and they flew all the way out of Hogwarts back to the farm where they came from. And this time, instead of having to climb up the rope and to crawl across the pole, they flyed it. They flew in with their special magic brooms. And Jonah and Jesse and their whole family lived happily ever after. The end.