Once upon a time, a long time ago, Emma was walking down the street when she found a little baby dragon that was crying in the bushes. The baby dragon was saying, "WA." Emma looked at it, and Zeke, Zach, and Samuel were with her also. They thought that dragons could not be real because they only read about them in books. But there was a baby dragon in the bushes.

Emma's lucky because her mom happened to have a bottle full of milk. Emma's mom gave the little bottle of milk to the dragon, and the dragon started to drink the bottle of milk. The dragon got bigger and said he wanted to go home with them. So Emma's mom put the little baby dragon in a stroller and used the stroller to push them and go all the way home.

When they got to Emma's house, the dragon was getting bigger so fast. For a person, it takes a long time for them to get big. They stay a baby for a long time, then a person is a toddler for a long time, then a little kid for a long time, and then a big kid. But dragons grow so fast, and this dragon grew so fast that it became as big as a big kid.

When it became as big as a big kid, there was a squirrel that lived on a tree next to Emma's house. The squirrel went on a branch on the roof of their house and climbed down the chimney. The squirrel went in the fireplace and got all dirty. When the squirrel was in the fireplace, the baby dragon, who is now a big kid dragon, remembered that dragons could make fire. But he looked at the squirrel, and the squirrel looked so sad because it was all dirty from the fireplace. Instead of making fire, the dragon licked the squirrel, and the squirrel got all clean.

After the squirrel was all clean, Emma told her dragon that it did a good job. The squirrel and the dragon became friends, and Emma, Zeke, Zach, and Samuel decided they would have a pet dragon and also a pet squirrel. One day they decided they would give the squirrel and the dragon some apple juice. The dragon drank the apple juice, and the squirrel also drank the apple juice. Do you know what happened? Instead of making fire, the dragon started to make some magic dust.

An owl came in the window, and Zeke and Samuel opened the window, and the owl came inside the house. Now Emma's family had so many animals. They had a pet squirrel, a pet dragon, a pet owl, and soon enough, the squirrel opened up the door by himself and left the door open, and doggies started to come in the house.

There wasn't so much space in Emma, Zeke, Zach, and Samuel's house, and all the doggies wanted to come in. Now there were doggies, squirrels, an owl, and a dragon. All of the animals wanted to play, so they decided they would go to the playground. Emma and her family went to the playground, and all of the kids were like, "Whoa, you have so many pets. We never heard of a pet dragon that breathes out magic dust."

At the playground, all the doggies followed, and the squirrel and the dragon played too. The squirrels went on the swings, and the doggies went down the slide. The dragon started to breathe some magic dust on the playground. When he did, the playground got bigger and bigger until the playground went all the way up to the sky. It was still full of doggies, and it was so high up that all the kids from the whole town came to watch. All of the kids decided they wanted to play in that playground. A kitty cat also went to the playground.

Emma, Zeke, Zach, and Samuel lived happily ever after with so many animals. The end.