Welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime wombus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a six year old girl who's almost seven named Emma, as well as her siblings named Zeke, Zach, and Samuel. And they're from a family that lives in California. And Emma and her sibling S asked for us to make up a story that includes dragons, people, and doggies. Once upon a time yet once upon a time, a long time ago, emma was walking down the street when she found a little baby dragon that was crying in the bushes. And the baby dragon was saying, WA. And Emma looked at it, and Zeke and Zach and Samuel were with her also, and they thought that dragons could not be real because they only read about them in books. But there was a baby dragon in the bushes. Well, Emma's lucky because her mom happened to have a bottle full of milk, and Emma's mom gave the little bottle of milk to the dragon, and the dragon started to drink the bottle of milk, and the dragon got bigger and said he wanted to go home with them. So Emma's mom put the little baby dragon in a stroller and used the stroller to push them and go all the way home. When they got to Emma's house, the dragon was getting bigger so fast. For a person, it takes a long time for them to get big. Like they stay a baby for a long time, and then a person is a toddler for a long time, and then a little kid for a long time and then a big kid. But dragons grow so fast, and this dragon grew so fast that this dragon grew up so fast, and it became as big as a big kid. When it became as big as a big kid, there was a squirrel that lived on a tree next to Emma's house. And the squirrel went on a branch on the roof of their house and climbed down the chimney. And the squirrel went in the fireplace and got all dirty. When the squirrel was in the fireplace, the baby dragon, who is now a big kid dragon, remembered that dragons could make fire, but he looked at the squirrel, and the squirrel looked so sad because the squirrel was all dirty from the fireplace. And instead of making fire, the dragon licked the squirrel and went and the squirrel yeah, like that. And the squirrel got all clean. After the squirrel was all clean, emma told her dragon that it did a good job. Well, the squirrel and the dragon became friends, and Emma, Zeke, Zach, and Samuel decided they would have a pet dragon and also a pet squirrel. Well, they decided one day they weren't. The squirrel fell down in there. Well, one day they decided they would give the squirrel and the dragon some apple juice, and the dragon drank the apple juice, and the squirrel also drank the apple juice, and do you know what happened? Instead of making fire, the dragon started to make some magic dust. Yeah, it did. And an owl came in the window and owl said and Zeke and Samuel opened the window and the owl came inside the house. And now Emma's family had so much animals. They had a pet squirrel, a pet dragon, a pet owl, and soon enough yeah, you found a compass. And soon enough, do you know what happened? The squirrel opened up the door by himself and left the door open and doggies started to come in the house. Well, there wasn't so much space in Emma, Zeke, Zach and Samuel's house, and all the doggies wanted to come in. And now there were doggies and there were squirrels and there was an owl and there was a dragon. And all of the animals wanted to play, so they decided they would go to the playground. And Emma and her family went to the playground, and all of the kids were like, whoa, you have so many pets. And we never heard of a pet dragon that breathes out magic dust. And they went to the playground. All the doggies followed, and the squirrel and then do you know what happened? The squirrels went on the swings and the doggies went down the slide and the dragon did the whole playground get flooded with dogs? Yeah. And the whole playground was full of dogs. And the dragon started to breathe some magic dust on the playground. And when he did, the playground got bigger and bigger and bigger until the playground went all the way up to the sky. Yes, but it was still full of doggies. And it was so high up that all the kids from the whole town came to watch. And all of the kids decided they wanted to play in that playground. And a kitty cat also went to the playground. And Emma and Zeke and Zach and Samuel lived happily ever after with so many animals. The End tell all your friends. Listen to listen to makeup because they like it.