Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Lila. Lila had some friends, and sometimes she wondered what her friends talked about. When Lila's friends were home by themselves, they sometimes talked about games they would play and trips they would go on. But Lila's friends didn't always remember to include Lila in their great adventures. So Lila decided that when she becomes a teenager, she would always let all of her friends come on her adventures with her.

One night, Lila went to sleep, and when she woke up the next day, she became a teenager. As a teenager, Lila was ready to include all of her friends on her adventures. Lila had a friend named Evelyn and another friend named Nancy. Lila told Evelyn and Nancy that if they wanted, they could go with her on a trip to outer space. Evelyn and Nancy thought that Lila couldn't really get to outer space. So they asked, "How are you even going to get there?" Lila said, "I'm just going to show you." Nancy and Evelyn agreed, and Lila's dad drove them all the way to the space center.

At the space center, there was a big rocket ship. A sign outside the space center said they were doing research into outer space and needed kids to volunteer as astronauts. Lila wanted to, but Nancy and Evelyn were a little scared about going to outer space. Lila told them it would be okay. The head astronaut, named Astro, told Lila, Evelyn, and Nancy that this was a special mission to outer space to see if animals could live there. Lila asked Astro if she could bring her doggie, and Astro said yes.

Nancy knew a cow that lived on a farm near her house, and she asked if she could bring the cow on the rocket ship. Astro said yes. Evelyn asked if they would get to see special telescopes in space, and Astro said yes. So they got on the rocket ship with the doggie and the cow, and Lila, Evelyn, and Nancy also brought some dolls and toys with them. They strapped into their seats, put on their astronaut suits, and had some snacks ready. Then the countdown began. The people said, "Three, two, one." Nancy said, "Hey, I thought they were supposed to go from ten." They started over and said, "Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, blast off, lift off!" The cow mooed, the doggie woofed, and the rocket ship started to go up into space.

When they got to space, they found a big surprise. Usually, people think that space is all black and dark above the Earth, but they realized that because the sun was yellow and bright, space was yellow and bright too. Lila told her friends that she didn't think this was how space was going to be. The rocket ship floated around in the yellow outer space, trying to get to the space station. Suddenly, they heard some beeping. The beeping was coming from the engine room of the rocket, and it was saying, "Beep, beep, beep, emergency, emergency." Lila told Nancy, Evelyn, and Astro that there was an emergency in the rocket engine room. They all rushed to the engine room and saw that the cow and doggie were doing a silly dance on the rocket's engine. The engine stopped working.

The lights in the rocket ship went out, and Lila had to turn on her flashlight. Lila turned on her flashlight so everyone could see, and they found a yellow button. They pushed the button, and it fixed the rocket ship's engine, and all the lights went back on. The yellow button also opened a door to the rocket ship, and the cow wanted to go out. Lila told the cow it could only go out if it had a rope on it. They didn't have any ropes in the rocket ship, so they used a jump rope. Lila tied a jump rope to the cow's leg and told the cow it could go out, but it needed to figure out a way to breathe. The cow said, "Moo," and really wanted to go out. Lila opened the rocket ship door, and the cow went out but realized it couldn't breathe. The cow went back inside and said it tried so hard to breathe outside. The doggie thought it was funny, so the doggie got a special spacesuit made for animals. There was a small one for the doggie and a big one for the cow. They put on their spacesuits, attached the jump ropes, and went out into space.

When they got to space outside with the jump ropes holding onto them, they looked around and saw a big telescope in the sky. It was the Hubble Space Telescope, and it was so big and looked like it could see so far away. The cow and doggie were by themselves when they said, "Moo," and pressed a button in their astronaut suits. Nancy and Evelyn told Lila she should probably go out to see the telescope. Lila fastened her astronaut helmet, made sure she had enough air in her oxygen tank, and went out to look at the Hubble Space Telescope. When she saw the cow and doggie by the telescope, she peeked through it. She saw very far away, between some stars, a fairy with magic wings. The fairy lit up like twinkling stars in a fairy shape and had a magic wand. Lila asked her friends if they wanted to see the fairy through the telescope too. Her friends said they wanted to stay in the rocket. Lila took a picture.

Lila took a picture and had the cow and doggie go back into the rocket ship. She needed to climb back in while holding onto the jump rope. They took a picture, and then they blasted the rocket ship back to Earth. A parachute helped them get down, and then they went on a boat. After the boat, they got on an airplane and went all the way back to their houses. When they got back, Lila told all the kids, including her friends, that she went to outer space with a doggie and a cow and saw a fairy through the Hubble Space Telescope far away. People weren't sure whether she was telling the truth, but Lila knew she was. Lila and her friends lived happily ever after. The end.