Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Lila. Lila had some friends, and sometimes she wondered what her friends talked about. When Lila's friends were home by themselves, sometimes they talked about games that they would play and trips that they would go on. But Lila's friends didn't always remember to include Lila on their great adventures. So Lila decided that when she becomes a teenager, she's always going to let all of her friends come on her adventures with her.

Lila went to sleep one night, and when she woke up the next day, she became a teenager. As a teenager, Lila was ready to include all of her friends on her adventures. So Lila had a friend whose name was Evelyn, and she also had a friend whose name was Nancy. And Lila told Evelyn and Nancy that if they wanted, they could go with her on a trip to outer space. Evelyn and Nancy thought that really Lila couldn't get to outer space. And so they said, well, how are you even going to get there? And Lila said, I'm just going to show you. And Nancy and Evelyn said okay. And Lila's dad drove Nancy and Evelyn and Lila all the way to the space center.

At the space center, there was a big rocket ship outside the space center said that they were doing some research into outer space and they needed to see if kids were willing to volunteer to be astronauts. And Lila said that she wanted to, but Nancy and Evelyn weren't so sure because they were a little bit scared about going to outer space. Lila told them it would be okay. And the head astronaut, whose name was Astro, told Lila, Evelyn, and Nancy that this was a special mission to outer space where they wanted to see if animals could live in outer space. And Lila asked the head astronaut, Astro, if she could bring her doggie, and Astro said yes.

Well, Nancy knew a cow that lived on a farm nearby her house, and Nancy bellka have been to space. Yes. And Nancy asked if she could bring her cow on the rocket ship, and Astro, the astronaut, said yes. And Evelyn asked if they would get to see special telescopes in space, and Astra said yes. So they got on the rocket ship with a doggie and a cow, and Lila, Evelyn, and Nancy also they brought some dolls and some toys with them, and they strapped on their seats, and they put on their astronaut suits, and they had some snacks ready. And then the countdown began. And the people said, three, two, one. And then Nancy said, hey, I thought they were supposed to go from ten. And they started over and said, ten. 987-65-4321, blast off, lift off. And suddenly the cow mooed the doggy. Woofed. And the rocket ship started to go up in space.

When they got in space, they found a big surprise. Usually people think that space is all black and dark on top of the earth, but they realized that because the sun was yellow and the sun was so bright. Space was so yellow and bright. And Lila told her friends that she didn't think this was how space was going to be. And the rocket ship was floating around in outer space trying to get to the space station. And as it was floating around in the yellow outer space, suddenly they heard some beeping. And the beeping was coming from the engine room of the rocket, and it was saying, beep, beep, beep, emergency, emergency. Beep, beep, beep, emergency, emergency. And Lila told Nancy and Evelyn and the head astronaut, Astro, that there was an emergency in the rocket engine room. And they all rushed to the rocket engine room and they saw that the cow that they brought was doing a dance, a silly dance, standing up on just its back legs and wiggling about with the doggie. And Lila and Evelyn and Nancy didn't think that this dance party was such a good idea because they were doing it right on the rocket's engine. And suddenly the rocket's engine stopped working.

The lights in the rocket ship went out and Lila had to turn on her flashlight. Lila turned on her flashlight so everybody could see, and they found a button that was yellow and they pushed the button and it fixed the rocket ship's engine and all of the lights went back on. Well, the yellow button also opened a door to the rocket ship, and the cow wanted to go out of the rocket ship. So Lila told the cow that it could only go out of the rocket ship if it had a rope on it. But they didn't have any ropes in the rocket ship, so they had to use a jump rope. And Lila tied a jump rope to the cow's. I thought you can't breathe and stay. Yeah. Lila tied a jump rope to the cow's leg and told the cow that it could go out, but it's going to need to figure out a way to breathe. And the cow said, moo, he really wanted to go out. Well, Lila opened up the rocket ship door and the cow got out of the rocket ship and suddenly he realized he couldn't breathe. So the cow went back inside and he said, I was trying so hard to breathe outside. And the doggie thought it was funny. So the doggie got a special spacesuit that was made for animals. And it had four legs and there was a small one for the doggie and a big one for the cow. And they put on their spacesuits, and then they attached the jump ropes and they went out to space.

When they got to space outside with the jump ropes holding on to them, they looked around and they saw a big telescope in the sky. And it was the Hubble Space Telescope. And it was so big, and it looked like it could see so far away. So the cow and the doggie were by themselves when suddenly they said, moo, and they pressed a button in their astronaut suits. And then Nancy and Evelyn told Lila she should probably go out to see the telescope. So Lila fastened her astronaut helmet on, made sure she had enough oxygen in her oxygen tank that's air, and went out to look at the Hubble Space Telescope. When she saw the cow and the doggie by the Hubble Space Telescope, she peeked through the telescope. And when she looked through the Hubble Space Telescope, she saw very far away, between some stars, there was a fairy. And the fairy had magic wings. And the fairy lit up and looked a little bit like twinkle stars, but in a fairy shape. And the fairy had the magic wand. And then Lila asked her friends, Nancy and Evelyn, if they wanted to go see the fairy through the Hubble Space Telescope, too. And her friends said they didn't want to go out to outer space because they wanted to stay in the rocket. And Lila took a picture.

Lila took a picture and had the cow and doggy go back in the rocket ship. But did she need to climb on the walk back in? And she needed to climb back in, but while holding onto the jump rope, and they took a picture. And then they blasted the rocket ship back to Earth, and a parachute helped them get down. And then they went on a boat. And after they went on a boat, they got on an airplane and went all the way back to their houses. When they got back to their houses, Lila told all kids, including her friends, that she went to outer space with a doggie and a cow and that she saw a fairy through the Hubble Space Telescope far away. And people weren't sure whether she was telling the truth. But Lila knew that really she was. And Lila and her friends lived happily ever after. The end.