Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Brooke. Brooke decided to invite her friends over to her house to play because they had so many toys to enjoy. Lots of Brooke's friends came over, and they started to play with all the toys. They had so much fun because there were dolls, cars, Princess Elsa toys, a dump truck, and even a secret sandbox inside Brooke's house that they found in a hidden closet.

While Brooke was having a great time with her friends, she heard her mama calling for help. Her mama said something silly was happening to her. Brooke asked, "What is it, Mama?" Her mama explained that she was turning back into a kid and became Brooke's sister. Brooke said, "Lindsay, how did you turn into a kid, and now you're my sister? Do we need to get dad and Mama?" Lindsay suggested they play a little bit first, and then later they would ask dad if he could help her turn back into a grown-up.

Brooke's friends were amazed that her mama had turned into a kid again and was going to play with them. They all had a blast playing in the secret sandbox that was in the closet. While they were playing, a bunny rabbit named Bun Bun hopped through the open window. Bunny rabbits love to hop, but sometimes they make a mess. Bun Bun started hopping on the dressers, causing everything on top to fall down. Then, the bunny rabbit went into the kitchen, and Brooke and her sister Lindsay tried to catch it.

But guess what happened? The bunny rabbit made all the plates, forks, spoons, and cups fall down. Then, Bun Bun went into the refrigerator, looking for some carrots. Everything in the refrigerator came out, and there was a milk puddle on the kitchen floor. But then, Bun Bun found some lettuce and carrots and started to eat them.

Brooke and her sister Lindsay started to help clean up the mess. But they realized that the rabbit had made too big of a mess, and it was getting late. It was getting dark, and it was a full moon. They went back to the room and saw a baby dragon holding onto balloons to fly because it thought its wings didn't work. The dragon flew right through the window into Brooke's house. Brooke and Lindsay saw the dragon come in, and the dragon said, "I heard there's a mess. Is there a mess?" Lindsay and Brooke said, "Yes, there's a mess."

The dragon explained that it was a cleanup dragon, and its job was to clean for kids whenever there was a mess. Brooke was excited and asked if they wouldn't have to clean anymore. The dragon agreed, saying that if they let it stay in their house as their pet, it would clean up any mess they made. Brooke asked her sister Lindsay, who used to be her mom, if they could keep the dragon. Lindsay said it would be fun.

The dragon came in with its balloons and started tying all the mess to the balloons, making the cleanup fun and easy. The rabbit even had a magic trick where it would make new balloons appear. There were so many toys floating around the house on balloons, and the dragon was helping them clean up. Any kid who gets this magical kind of dragon doesn't ever have to clean up again. All they have to say is, "Dragon, clean up," and the dragon cleans up for them.

After the dragon finished cleaning up the mess, Brooke said goodbye to her friends because it was time for them to go home. It was getting dark, and the moon was out. Her friends said bye, and then Brooke and Lindsay looked out the open window. They saw that the moon was starting to fall from the sky. Brooke asked Lindsay what they should do, and Lindsay wondered if the dragon could help. Brooke wasn't sure since it was just a cleanup dragon and a baby dragon.

Lindsay had an idea: they could attach lots of balloons to the moon to keep it from falling. So, Brooke and Lindsay asked the dragon if it could help make sure the moon didn't fall. Bun Bun, the rabbit, said it had a special sailship they could use. They would attach all the helium balloons to the sailship, and it would take them up into space to fix the moon. That's what they did. Brooke and Lindsay, now sisters, went into the sailship with Bun Bun and the dragon.

The dragon breathed out some fire to get the sailship started and to steer it. They went all the way up to the moon and saw that there was a big problem: the moon was falling towards Earth. Brooke had an idea to take all the helium out of the balloons and fill the moon with it. The moon got fuller and fuller of helium until it started to float again.

They closed the hole in the moon with a rock, and Bun Bun and the dragon helped steer them back to Brooke and Lindsay's house. When they got back home, all the kids in the town cheered, saying, "Yay, you guys saved the day!" because Brooke and Lindsay made sure the moon didn't fall.

That night, they had a special sleep, and the next day, Lindsay turned back into Brooke's mama. They kept the dragon and the bunny rabbit, and whenever Brooke or her friends made a mess, the dragon would clean up. Brooke and her family lived happily ever after. The end.