Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Brooke. Brooke decided to have her friends over at her house to play because they had so many toys to play with. And so many of Brooke's friends came over, and they started to play with all the toys. And it was so much fun because there were dolls to play with, and there were cars to play with, and there was Princess Elsa toys to play with. There was a dump truck to play with, and there was even a sandbox inside of Brooke's house that they found in a secret, secret closet.

Well, Brooke was having so much fun with all of her friends when Brooke heard her mama calling. And Brooke's mama said help. Help. There's something silly happening to me. And Brooke said, what is it, Mama? And Brooke's mama said that she was getting back into a kid. And Brooke's mama was, for some reason, turning into a kid and became Brooke's sister. And Brooke said, Lindsay, Lindsay, how did you turn into a kid, and now you're my sister? Do we need to get dad and Brooke's mama? Lindsay said, Why don't we first play a little bit, and then later we'll ask dad if he can help me turn back into a grown up.

And Brooke's friends were like, what? Brooke's mama turned into a kid again, and she's going to play with us. And they all had so much fun playing in the secret sandbox that was in the closet. Well, the window was open in the room, and as they were playing, there was a bunny rabbit whose name was Bun Bun that hopped through the window. Bunny rabbits, they like to hop so much, and sometimes they hop on so many things, they make a mess. So the bunny rabbit started hopping on the dressers, and everything on top of the dresser fell down. And then the bunny rabbit went in the kitchen, and Brooke and Brooke's mama, who is now Brooke's sister, went in the kitchen, and they tried to catch the bunny rabbit.

But do you know what happened? The bunny rabbit made all of the plates and all of the forks and all of the spoons and all of the cups fall down. And then the bunny rabbit named Bun Bun went in the refrigerator, and it was looking for some carrots. But do you know what happened, bud? Everything in the refrigerator came out, and there was milk in the refrigerator, and it turned into a milk puddle on the kitchen floor. But then the wild found carrots and lettuce. Yes. And then the carrot found some lettuce and carrots in the refrigerator and started to eat it.

So Brooke, with her sister, whose name was Lindsay, started to help clean up the mess. But they looked around, and they saw that the rabbit named Bun Bun made too big a mess, and it was getting late. It was getting dark that night, and it was a full moon. Well, they went back in the room, and do you know what they saw? They saw that there was a dragon. It was a baby dragon. And the dragon had some balloons. The dragon was holding onto balloons to fly because the dragon thought that its wings didn't work. Really? The dragon's wings did work, but it flew right through the window in Brooke's house. And Brooke and her sister named Lindsay saw the dragon come in, and the dragon said, I heard there's a mess. Is there a mess? And Lindsay and Brooke said, yeah, there's a mess.

And the dragon said, Well, I am a cleanup dragon. You don't have to worry about a thing, because my job is to clean for kids whenever there's a mess. And Brooke is like, what? We don't have to clean anymore? And the dragon said, yes, if you just let me stay in your house as your pet, then whenever you make a mess, you won't need to clean anymore. And Brooke looked at her sister Lindsay and said, mom, because her sister was also used to be her mom. Brooke said, mom to her sister, Lindsay, is it okay if we have the dragon? And Lindsay said, yeah, that would be fun.

And then the dragon came in with the dragon's balloons, and he put so many balloons all over Lindsay's bedroom, and in the kitchen, stuff would go away. Yes. And then he started tying all of the mess to the balloons and then pushing the balloons around so that let's say there was a cup that fell down. He would tie the cup onto the string of a balloon, and the balloon would carry it up to the shelf. Yeah, but didn't the rabbit make it break and stuff? No, the rabbit when the rabbit pushed down all the stuff, it didn't break because there was a carpet on the floor. He also tried to make a way that it would not yeah. And the rabbit was careful not to make a break.

Well, anyway, the dragon was helping them clean up, and it was so much fun. And the rabbit had a magic trick where he would make new balloons appear. And there were so many toys, like the dolls and the Princess Elsa toy and the dumpster truck that were floating around the house on balloons, and the dragon was just helping them clean up. So any kid who gets this magical kind of dragon comes through their window, doesn't ever have to clean up again. All they have to say is, Dragon, clean up. And then the dragon cleans up for them.

Well, the dragon finished cleaning up the mess, and Brooke said bye bye to her friends because it was time for them to go home because the moon was out and it was a full moon and it was getting dark. Her friend said bye bye. And then Brooke looks out the window, which was open, and do you know what she and her mom saw? What? They saw that it was an emergency in real life. The moon was starting to fall down from the sky. And Brooke said, Lindsay, what should we do? And Lindsay said, do you think there's any way, like, the dragon could help? And Brooke said, I don't know. It's a cleanup dragon. How could it? It's just also just a baby dragon. A baby dragon can't save the moon. No, it could if it attached a lot of balloons to the moon. The rabbit and dragon went up to the thing and they attached it.

So Brooke and Lindsay asked the dragon if there was a way it could help make sure the moon didn't fall down. And Bun Bun, the rabbit, who was a bunny rabbit, said, yep. I have an idea. I have a special sailship, and we're going to attach all the helium balloons to the sailship, and it's going to take us all the way up into space, and we're going to go land on the moon, and then we'll fix the Moon. And that's what they did. Brooke and Lindsay, who are sisters now, went into the sail ship, and they also brought the bunny rabbit named Bun Bun. It would flow. Yes. Because if the balloons popped and it fell into the ocean, then the sailship would just float anyway.

And they started going on the sailship, and the dragon breathed out some fire to get it started and to steer it, because the balloons just float up. But if you blow out fire, you could steer this sailship. He was trying not to pop the balloon. Yeah, but he was making sure not to pop the balloons anyways. If it did, the rabbit just couldn't make more. Yes. And so they went all the way up to the Moon. When they got up to the Moon, they saw that there was indeed a very big problem. The moon was falling down to Earth, and then it wouldn't have been good because it would crash into Earth and it would make a big crater on Earth. A crater is like a big giant hole.

And so Brooke said, like the dinosaur cradle? Yes, it would be like that. So Brooke said she had an idea. What she did is she took all of the helium out of the helium balloons that the rabbit and the dragon had. And then she filled the moon up with helium balloons, with the air from helium balloons, and the moon got fuller and fuller of helium until it started to float again. They didn't even have to tie balloons to the moon because they just took the helium out of all the balloons. And whenever they needed more helium, then the dragon just got another balloon, and the dragon got so many balloons, and they put so much helium into the moon that it floated again.

But how did they put it in? There was a hole in the moon that they could do it. And after they were done after they were done, they just closed the hole. The dragon helped move some dust on top of it, and they plugged it up with a rock. And so they filled up the moon, and then the bunny rabbit named Bunbun and the dragon helped steer them back to Brooke and Lindsay's house. And after they got back home, all of the kids in the whole town were cheering and saying, yay, you guys saved the day. Because Brooke and Lindsay made sure that the moon didn't fall down.

And that night, they had a special, special sleep. And the next day, Brooke's sister named Lindsay turned back into her mama, and they kept the dragon and they kept the bunny rabbit. And whenever Brooke made a mess, and whenever any of her friends made the mess, they just had the dragon clean up. And Brooke and her family lived happily ever after. The end.