Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Kiara. Kiara loved to look under rocks and on the ground to see if she could find roly-polies or different kinds of insects, to see what they could do. Sometimes, as she was looking on the ground, she would see roly-polies that would roll up and do somersaults and also go in circles. One day, while Kiara was looking on the ground, she found a magnifying glass. She picked up the magnifying glass, looked through it, and found a little diamond. Kiara picked up the diamond. It was such a shiny diamond and was twinkly, and she brought it inside her house. Her mom said, "Kiara, I can't believe you found a real diamond outside." And Kiara said, "Yes, I did, because I found a magnifying glass, and that's what I used." Kiara's mom told Kiara that she should hold on to the diamond. When Kiara held onto the diamond and rubbed it with both hands, something magic happened. The house that she was in magically turned into a princess castle. Kiara's mom was dressed up as a queen, and Kiara was suddenly dressed up as a princess. The diamond in her hand turned into a crown that she was wearing because she was a real princess. Kiara's dad was also there, and he turned into the king. He had a big king robe, a long king stick, and he was wearing a different crown.

Kiara and her parents looked around the castle, and they saw big stairs made out of ice and walls that were so shiny. Kiara asked her parents, "Is this an ice castle from Frozen?" Her father, who was the king, said, "I don't think we're in Frozen. I think we went to a special kind of land made of candy." Kiara looked again and saw that the walls were made of popsicles, and it just looked like ice. She licked the wall with her tongue, and it tasted like the yummiest ice ever. It was like popsicle ice, but it was so yummy that whenever you took one lick of this ice, you had to have another lick. Kiara started licking the walls, and her mom and dad also did. Suddenly there were knocks on the castle door. Kiara and her parents opened the castle door, and they didn't have to worry about any bad guy because this was a good candyland castle. When they opened the door, they saw kitty cats as big as lions, but they still said, "meow," and they still loved to be petted. The kitty cats, which were as big as lions, came into the castle. Kiara told the kitty cat, "hello," and the kitty cat said, "meow, do you want to go on a ride? Meow?" Kiara said, "okay," and she went on a ride on the big kitty cat that was as big as a lion. The kitty cat went up the popsicle stairs to get to Kiara's magical princess room. In Kiara's magical princess room, the walls were made out of chocolate, and there was a bathtub full of ice cream. Instead of sleeping on a regular bed, Kiara slept on a bed made of cake. It was a very special candy castle for Kiara and her family to live in.

Sometimes there were bugs, and the bugs liked to eat sugar from the castle. That wasn't so good because the bugs would make little holes. Kiara had an invention: a water gun that shot out sugar water. She would make a whole lake full of sugar water, and then all of the ants and different insects would drink the sugar water, and they wouldn't eat any more of her special candy castle. One day, as Kiara and her family were walking about the special castle, a magician came to visit her. The magician said, "Princess Kiara and Queen Kiara's mom and King Kiara's dad, I have a special magic trick that I can do for you." Kiara said, "What is it? What is it?" The magician said, "I am going to give you guys a special power. The special power allows you to fast forward through time. So if you're a little bored or you don't want to do something, you could just skip that time, and then it's going to be later. Let's say, like, you have to clean up, and you don't want to clean up, then guess what you do? You say, beep, beep, skip, and then it skips cleaning up." The magician gave Princess Kiara and her parents that special power.

Later, Kiara made a big mess by accident because the chocolate wall in her room fell down, and it got so messy. Kiara's mom, the queen, said, "Kiara, can you clean it up?" But Princess Kiara didn't want to clean it up, so she said, "beep, beep, skip," and she skipped the cleaning up. Later, Kiara's mom said, "Kiara, did you clean it up before? Because I think I still see that mess." Kiara told her mom that she had to use her beep beep skip power to skip that time because she was too busy to clean. That's when Kiara's mom, the queen, said, "Even princesses with special powers also have to clean because everyone has to help, and it's part of being a good princess." Kiara decided she wasn't going to use her beep beep skip power anymore and instead would keep it a secret power. She told the magician she couldn't use her beep beep skip power to skip cleanup time. The magician told Kiara that she could have a different power instead, which would allow her to float in the air. Kiara said okay, and she started to float in the air around her magic candy castle. She could still walk, but her feet didn't really touch the ground. Kiara said, "This is so much fun." She told her parents she was going to float on top of the sugar lake outside. All of the insects went in a big line to watch as Kiara floated on top of the sugary lake. She was so happy.

As she was floating, her crown with the special diamond fell off into the sugary lake. Then she fell right next to the lake on the dry land. She told her parents, "Mom, Dad, King, Queen, I can't float anymore." Her father, the king, told her it was because her special diamond crown fell that she lost her magic floating power. Kiara realized that her father was right. She picked up the special diamond crown and put it back in her house, and she floated into the princess castle. She was having so much fun in the princess castle, but she remembered that in her regular house, she also had family and friends and different people who missed her. She told her parents, the king and the queen, that they would go back to the regular house for a little bit but keep the diamond that they found in case they wanted to visit the candy castle in the magic land. Kiara and her parents went back to the regular land, and they lived happily ever after. The end.