Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Sienna. Makeup Stories is the best stories ever. Tell all your friends. Hi. My name is Kiara. I'm five years old. My birthday is on 13 February. I live in Walling, Australia, and I would like a story about a candyland, a kitty cat, and a castle. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Kiara, who lives in Wallangong, Australia, and who turns six years old today on February 13. And so we want to say happy birthday, Kiara. Happy birthday, Kiara. And Kiara asks for us to make up a story that includes a candyland, a kitty cat, and a castle. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Kiara. Kiara loved to look under rocks and on the ground to see if she could find roly, polies, or different kinds of insects, to see what they could do. And sometimes, as she was looking on the ground, she would see roly polys that would roll up and do somersaults and also go in circles. One day, while Kiara was looking on the ground, she found a magnifying glass. And she picked up the magnifying glass, and she looked through the magnifying glass, and she found a little diamond. Kiara picked up the diamond. It was such a shiny diamond and was twinkly, and she brought it inside her house. And her mom said, kiara, I can't believe you found a real diamond outside. And Kiara said, yes, I did, because I found a magnifying glass, and that's what I used. And Kiara's mom told Kiara that she should hold on to the diamond. And when Kiara held onto the diamond and rubbed it with both hands, something magic happened. The house that she was in magically turned into a princess castle. And Kiara's mom was dressed up as a queen. And Kiara was suddenly dressed up as a princess. And the diamond that was in her hand and the diamond that was in her hand turned into a crown that she was wearing because she was a real princess. And Kiara's dad was also there. And Kiara's dad turned into the king, and he had a big king robe and a long king stick, and he was wearing a different crown. And Kiara and her parents looked around the castle, and they saw that there were big stairs that were made out of ice, and there were walls that were so, so shiny. Did they go in to Frozen? And Kiara said to her parents, is this an ice castle from Frozen? And Kiara's father, who is the king, said, I don't think we're in Frozen. I think that we went to a special kind of land made of candy. And Kiara looked again, and she saw that really, the walls weren't made of ice. The walls were made of popsicles, and it just looked like ice. So Kiara licked the wall with her tongue. And do you know what it tasted like? What? The yummiest ice ever. It was like popsicle ice. But it was so yummy that whenever you took one lick of this ice, you had to have another lick. And so Kiara started licking the walls. And Kiara's mom and Kiara's dad also did, when suddenly there were knocks on the castle door. And Kiara and her parents opened the castle door. Did they Buoyan some people just in case it was a bad guy? And Kiara and her parents opened the castle door, and they didn't have to worry about any bad guy, because this was a good candyland castle. And when they opened the door, they saw that there were kitty cats that were as big as lions, but they still said, meow. And they still loved to be petted. And the kitty cats, which were as big as lions, came into the castle. And Kiara told the kitty cat, hello. And the kitty cat said, meow, do you want to go on a ride? Meow? And Kiara said, okay. And Kiara went on a ride on the big kitty cat that was as big as a lion. And the kitty cat went up the popsicle stairs to get to Kiara's magical princess room. In Kiara's magical princess room, the walls were made out of chocolate, and there was a bathtub which was full of ice cream. And instead of sleeping on a regular bed, kiara slept on a bed which was made of cake. And it was a very special candy castle for Kiara and her family to live in. Sometimes there were bugs. And the bugs liked to eat sugar from the castle. And that wasn't so good, because the bugs would make little holes. And so Kiara had an invention. The invention was a kind of water gun. But the water gun was it shot out sugar water, and so she would make a whole lake, which was full of sugar water. And then all of the ants and all of the different insects would just drink the sugar water. And then they wouldn't eat any more of her special candy castle. One day, as Kiara and her family were walking about the special castle, there was a magician that came to visit her. And the magician said, princess Kiara and Queen Kiara's mom and King Kiara's dad, I have a special magic trick that I can do for you. And Kiara said, what is it? What is it? And the magician said, I am going to give you guys a special power. And the special power allows you to fast forward through time. So that if you're a little bored or you don't want to do something, you could just skip that time, and then it's going to be later. And so let's say, like, you have to clean up, and you don't want to clean up, then guess what you do? You say, beep, beep, skip, and then it skips cleaning up. And so the magician gave princess Kiara and her parents that special power. And later, Kiara made a big mess by accident because the chocolate wall in her room fell down, and it got so messy. And Kiara's mom, the queen, said, Kiara, can you clean it up? But Princess Kiara didn't want to clean it up, so she said, beep, beep, skip. And she skipped the cleaning up. Later, Kiara's mom said, Kiara, did you clean it up before? Because I think I still see that mess. And Kiara told her mom that she had to use her beep beep skip power to skip that time, because she was too busy to clean. And that's when Kiara's mom, the queen, said, even princesses with special powers also have to clean, because everyone has to help, and it's part of being a good princess. And so Kiara decided she wasn't going to use her beepeep skip power anymore, and instead, she would keep it a secret power. So she told the magician she couldn't use her beepeep skip power to skip cleanup time. And the magician told Kiara that she could have a different power instead, which would allow her to float in the air. And Kiara said okay. So she started to float in the air around her magic candy castle. And she could still walk, but her feet didn't really touch the ground. And Kiara said, this is so much fun. And Kiara told her parents she was going to go float on top of the sugar lake outside. And all of the insects went in a big line to watch as Kiara floated on top of the sugary lake. And she was so happy. As she was floating, her crown with the special diamond fell off into the sugary lake. And then she fell right next to the lake on the dry land. And she told her parents, mom, dad, King, Queen, I can't float anymore. And her father, the king, told her it was because her special diamond crown fell that she lost her magic floating power. And Kiara realized that her father was right. So she picked up the special diamond crown and put it back in her house. And she floated into the princess castle. Well, she was having so much fun in the princess castle. But she remembered that in her regular house, she also had family and friends and different people who missed her. So she told her parents, the king and the queen, that they would go back to the regular house for a little bit, but keep the diamond that they found in case they wanted to visit the candy castle in the magic land. And so Kiara and her parents went back to the regular land, and they lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to Make Tip stories. If your birthday is in March and you want me to make up a story for you, then please visit Facebook.com makeup stories and request a story. If your birthday is not in march, but you still want to participate in Makeup Up stories, then visit the Facebook page and we'll tell you how. If you want, you could get some sugar and water and put it in a plastic bag and put it in your freezer and it will tone in to the yummiest ice.