My name is Sophie. Welcome to makeup TOWIE. My name is Jack Insha. I am five years old. I am from Singapore. Unlike a story about a paper chocolate who can talk and walk very fast, there is mighty Jung monkey who can beat all the monsters. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from Inksha, who is five years old and who lives in Singapore. And Inksha asked for us to make up a story that includes paper chocolate, which is a kind of chocolate that walks faster than a gingerbread man. And also paper chocolate is a kind of chocolate that puts toys on the floors for kids to play with. So it's a nice paper chocolate. And Inksha also asks for us to include a mighty monkey who can beat all monsters in the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old boy whose name was Inksha. And Inksha lived in a big apartment building and he had a special bedroom. And sometimes Inksha would go with his mom or with his dad down the elevator outside of his building and go all the way to the playground. Inksha loved going to the playground because in the playground there are swings and there are slides and there are climbing structures, and sometimes there's even a sandbox. Well, one day when Inksha went to the playground, he saw that the playground was not the regular playground. Instead, everything in the playground had turned into chocolate. No, he went to the playground and everything there had turned into chocolate. And it was a mystery. Ingsha didn't know why everything was chocolate, because the swing was chocolate, the slides were chocolate, even there was a sandbox in that playground. Was it chocolate? No, it was sugar. It was pink sugar. It was really yummy. How about what the poles like to slide down with those? Candy canes? Yeah. And the poles, like sometimes in playgrounds they have firemen poles that you could slide down. Those were made of candy canes. And Inksha asked his parents how everything could be made of chocolate and candy. And Inksha's parents said that they did not know, that it was a big mystery. And so Ing, she looked around, and at the corner of his eye, far away across the street and behind a tree, there was something that looked a little bit like a piece of paper. But the piece of paper was not regular paper, and it wasn't construction paper. It was a paper chocolate. And it was able to dance around and walk on its paper chocolate legs. And it had paper chocolate arms, and it had a paper chocolate head with paper chocolate eyes, a paper chocolate nose and a smiley paper chocolate mouth. And Inksha told his parents that that was the paper chocolate that he was talking about. And Inksha's dad and his mom looked across the street, but they could not see the paper chocolate that was so fast because Ingsha saw the Paper Chocolate was hiding behind the tree. So Inksha told his parents that they needed to cross the street safely holding hands and see where the Paper Chocolate went. And they went across the street and they saw that it was still by the tree. But the Paper Chocolate used its Paper Chocolate arms and its Paper Chocolate legs to climb up the tree so Inksha wouldn't catch it. And Inksha showed his mom and his dad that the Paper Chocolate was on a branch in the tree, not his dad get it down. And Inksha said, dad, could you get it down for me, please? And inksha's. Dad said. Okay, I'll try. And Inksha's dad started to climb up the tree but Inksha's dad needed a little bit of help. And Inksha's dad said, inksha, can I put one of my feet on your hands and you give me a little boost? And Inksha said, I don't know if I'm strong enough. And inksha's. Mom said can you try? And Ingshe tried and he was strong enough. And Ingsha gave his dad a boost up the tree and his dad got the Paper Chocolate. And his dad brought the Paper Chocolate down from the tree. And Inksha and his dad and Inksha's mom asked the Paper Chocolate why it made the playground chocolate. And the Paper Chocolate said that it had to turn it into chocolate because there was a monster and there was a mighty monkey who was trying to monkey around on the playground and scare away the monster. And the mighty monkey asked for help from the Paper Chocolate because the mighty monkey needed to go monkey on the climbing structures and say AHA and EE. And it needed to monkey swing from the swings and it needed to do backwards upside down monkey slides down the slides. And the monkey needed all of the slides and all of the playground equipment to be chocolate so the monster wouldn't come. And the Paper Chocolate told make the monster eat the playground because this kind of monster was actually a nice monster. And it didn't even like chocolate. It only liked vegetables. It was like a vegetable monster. And Inksha and his parents decided that the Paper Chocolate was being nice. And so they told the Paper Chocolate that it could go. And Inksha's dad put the Paper Chocolate down and the Paper Chocolate asked Inksha if he wanted to be friends and Inksha said yes. And the Paper Chocolate held Inksha's hand and they both went home together up the elevator in Inksha's building all the way to Inksha's apartment. And then the Paper Chocolate would do a trick where every time one of Inksha's friends came over it would come up with a new piece of chocolate and Inksha and the Paper Chocolate gave little chocolates to all of Inksha's friends whenever he came over. And Inksha and his family and the Paper Chocolate lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to Make Up because they like it. Thanks for Listening if your kid's birthday is in January and you want me to make up a story for your kid, then go to Facebook.com Makeup Stories and follow the instructions in the top post for how to submit a story request. If your kid's birthday is not in January and they still want to participate in make up stories, then you can also follow the instructions on Facebook.com Makeupstories and they can record an intro message or a thanks for listening message.