Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jesse got a toy lightsaber that needed some batteries, and he needed to put the batteries in to make the lightsaber turn on when he pressed the button. Jesse looked all over his house and found some batteries that were too small and some batteries that were too big, but he didn't find any batteries that were just right. So he told his older brother Jonah that they were going to take apart a different battery and they were going to look at what's inside to make a new battery. He and Jonah got their dad, and they used a screwdriver to open up a battery to see what was inside.

When they opened up the battery, they saw that there were millions and millions of little bugs that used to bounce inside of the battery. The bugs were bouncing against the inside walls of the battery and trying to get out. The way batteries worked is that when you put those batteries into something and it connected to metal, the little tiny bugs would go through the metal and they would be jumping through the wires to make the power go on. Well, when Jonah and Jesse opened up the battery with the screwdriver, all of those bugs jumped all the way out of the battery. Some of the bugs jumped on Jesse's nose, some of them went in his nostrils, some of them went in his mouth, and some of them even went in his eyes. Jesse felt like he was starting to turn into a little bit of a robot. Suddenly, he felt a little bit of electricity in him. When he started walking, he noticed that there were little pieces of lightning that were going out of his feet.

Jonah told Jesse that they should probably stay away from anything metal since he had all of that battery stuff inside him. So they went to the Lego room and they started to build a Lego boat. Usually, Jesse was pretty good at Lego, but this time, when Jesse went into the Lego room, he was so good at making any Lego thing he could imagine. If you told Jesse you wanted him to make a boat that could float and drive and fly and hop and do anything, he would be able to find all of the right pieces and put them in the right places, and he would be able to make it.

Jesse decided, with his special battery power, to make a Lego boat that had wheels in it and could also float in the bathtub. He touched the engine of the Lego, and it got that battery power through him. So he touched it, and he also licked it with his mouth, with his tongue, because a lot of the battery bugs went on his tongue. Suddenly he heard a noise from his Lego boat. The noise was kind of quiet at first. Only kids could hear it, not grown-ups. When he showed it to his mom, his mom said she couldn't hear it. And so Jesse said it's going like this. His mom said that he was tricking. And then Jesse said, "Look, can you start a bath?" Jesse's mom started the bath, and she made so much water go in the bath.

Jesse put his Lego boat in the bath, and when he put it in the bath, he saw that it started to spin around the bath, and it was going by itself from one end of the bath to the other end. It was going so fast, the Lego boat was making bubbles, and it was becoming a bubble bath, even though Jesse didn't pour any bubbles into it. Jesse told his mom that it could also be a submarine. He pressed the dive button, and suddenly the Lego boat started to go under the water.

When it went under the water, it made a kind of tunnel that was dry in the middle of the water. The tunnel was painted gray on the outside. Inside, you could hear an echo that went like "echo, echo, echo, echo, echo." It sounded like there were ghosts in it. Jesse looked to see where his Lego boat went, but it looked like it disappeared. So he called Jonah to come to check. Jonah went into the bathroom and started looking around to see where Jesse's Lego boat could be. He said, "Jesse, are you tricking? Are you like sitting on it or hiding it behind your back?" Jesse said that he really wasn't. And then Jonah said, "Did it go down the drain? Maybe." They looked, and it didn't go down the drain because Legos would just get stuck down there.

That's when Jesse said, "Oh, I know, we should check under the bubbles." They moved some of the bubbles with their hand to make a big mountain of bubbles, and they found that the Lego boat was hiding under a pile of bubbles that it made. Jesse said, because it has the battery power, he could also turn on the rocket booster engine, and it would even fly in the air. He turned on the rocket booster engine, and it started making a jet stream of water go out behind it, and it flew on top of the bath.

Jesse also made a remote control for his special thing because he didn't want it to just go anywhere. He had a Lego remote control that he licked and touched, and that got the battery power also. He started showing Jonah how to use it. Jonah started to use it. Jesse was really good at sharing it and giving people turns. But suddenly Jonah crashed it, and the whole Lego thing broke and fell down on the floor. At first, Jesse was sad, but then Jesse remembered his battery power, and he said, "Give me that." Jonah gave Jesse all the little pieces, and Jesse fixed it in like 2 seconds.

Jesse had a lot of fun in his bathtub, but he also decided he wanted to try to fly his new Lego boat car airplane hopper thing outside. So his mom got him a towel and dried him off, and he got on some pajamas. Later, they flew it outside using the remote control. All of the neighbors were so excited to see it, and everyone in town all wanted a turn. So Jesse ended up building a lot more for other kids to use. Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.