Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of makeup stories, and I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird. AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www dot Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use. Aya yiri. Hello, my name is VERIKA. Welcome to makeup stories. Go to themakeupstories.com to join the club. Okay, Jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? A lego truck that has a real engine that connects to motors that can make it float in a bath. A lego truck that has a real engine that connects to motors that can make it float in a bath. And Jonah, is there anything that you want in this story? No. Jonah says no. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jesse got a lightsaber that needed some batteries, and you needed to put the batteries in to make the lightsaber turn on when you press the button. And Jesse looked all over his house and he found some batteries that were too little and some batteries that were too big, but he didn't find any batteries that were just right. So he told his older brother Jonah that they were going to take apart a different battery and they were going to look at what's inside to make a new battery. And he and Jonah got their dad, and they used a screwdriver to open up a battery to see what was inside. And when they opened up the battery, they saw that there were millions and millions of little bugs that used to bounce inside of the battery, and the bugs were bouncing against the inside walls of the battery and trying to get out. And the way batteries worked is that when you put those batteries into something and it connected to metal, the little tiny bugs would go through the metal and they would be jumping through the wires to make the power go on. Well, when Jonah and Jesse opened up the battery with the screwdriver, all of those bugs jumped all the way out of the battery. And some of the bugs jumped on Jesse's nose, and some of them went in his nostrils, and some of them went in his mouth, and some of them even went in his eyes. And Jesse felt like he was starting to turn into a little bit of a robot. Suddenly, he felt a little bit of electricity in him. And when he started walking, he noticed that there were little pieces of lightning that were going out of his feet. Jonah told Jesse that they should probably stay away from anything metal, since he had all of that battery stuff inside him. And so they went to the Lego room and they started to build a Lego boat. Usually Jesse was pretty good at Lego, but he wasn't, like, as good as an expert grown up. This time. When Jesse went into the Lego room, he was so good at making any Lego thing he could imagine. If you told Jesse you wanted him to make a boat that could float and drive and fly and hop and do anything, he would be able to find all of the right pieces and put them in the right places, and he would be able to make it. I actually have one of my flying and jumping and hopping things that's in my room right now. Yeah. And Jesse actually is really good at making Lego. And so he decided, with his special battery power, to make, like, a Lego boat that had wheels in it and could also float in the bathtub. And he could do that really fast. Yeah. And he was able to put three different pieces on at one time, and he would go and then his Lego boat, car, airplane, jumpy thingy would be done all by itself, but it still looked like it was pretend. And so that's when Jesse had the idea of well, he had those little battery bugs that went inside him. So all he would need to do is to touch the engine of the Lego and then it would get that battery power through him. So he touched it, and he also licked it with his mouth, with his tongue, because a lot of the battery stuff, the battery bugs went on his tongue. And suddenly he heard, like, a noise from his Lego boat. The noise was kind of quiet at first. Only kids could hear it. Not grown ups, it sounded like. But when he showed it to his mom, his mom said she couldn't hear it. And so Jesse said it's going like this. And his mom said that he was tricking. And then Jesse said, look, can you start a bath? And Jesse's mom started the bath, and she made so much water go in the bath. And then Jesse put his Lego boat in the bath. And when he put it in the bath, he saw that it started to spin around the bath, and it was going by itself from one end of the bath to the other end. And it was going so fast, the Lego boat was making bubbles, and it was becoming a bubble bath, even though Jesse didn't pour any bubbles into it. And Jesse told his mom that it could also be a submarine. And he pressed the dive button, and suddenly the Lego boat started to go under the water. When it went under the water, it made kind of a tunnel that was dry in middle of the water was painted like ghost is. So Jesse's Lego boat torn into a ghost. Yeah. And the tunnel which went through the water was a dry tunnel. And it was painted on the outside, gray. And inside you can hear an echo that went like echo, echo, echo, echo, echo. And it sounded like there were ghosts in it. And Jesse looked to see where his Lego boat went, but it looks like it disappeared. So he called Jonah to come check. And Jonah went into the bathroom and he started looking around to see where Jesse's Lego boat could be. And he said, Jesse, are you tricking? Are you like sitting on it or hiding it behind your back? And Jesse said that he really wasn't. And then Jonah said, did it go down the drain? Maybe. And they looked and it didn't go down the drain because Legos would just get stuck down there. They would get stuck in the drain. Yeah, because the Lego boat wouldn't have fit under the drain anyway. And that's when Jesse said, oh, I know, we should check under the bubbles. And they moved some of the bubbles with their hand to make like a big mountain of bubbles. And they found that the Lego boat was hiding under a pile of bubbles that it made. And then Jesse said, because it has the battery power, I could also turn on the rocket booster engine and it'll even fly in the air. And he turned on the rocket booster engine and it started making a jet stream of water go out behind it and it flew on top of the bath. And Jesse also made a Lego mo control, which also had batteries because he also licked it and touched it. Yeah. And Jesse also made a remote control for his special thing because he didn't want it to just go anywhere. And so he had a Lego remote control that he licked and touched and that got the battery power also. And then he started showing Jonah how to use it. And Jonah started to use it. And Jesse was really good at sharing it and giving people turns. But suddenly Jonah crashed it and the whole Lego thing broke and it fell down on the floor. At first Jesse was sad, but then Jesse remembered his battery power and he said, Give me that. And Jonah gave it to Jesse, all the little pieces. And Jesse went and he fixed it in like 2 seconds. Jonah said he was going to count and then white when he said that it was done. Yeah. Jonah said he was going to count to three and see if Jesse could fix it before he got to three. But before Jonah even got to one, it was all done. And Jesse had a lot of fun in his bathtub. But he also decided he wanted to try to fly his new Lego boat car airplane hopper thing outside. So his mom got him a towel and dried him off. And he got on some pajamas. And then later, they flew it outside using the remote control. And all of the neighbors were so excited to see it. And everyone in town all wanted a turn. So Jesse ended up building a lot more for other kids to use. And Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end. But first, one of the kids actually flew it the highest. He flew that thing up to space. Yep, that end. Thanks for listening to make up stories. My name is Flora. Go to makeup stories.com to join the club. Tell your friends.