Ah. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Billy. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. I'm Charlotte. I'm 40 years old. I'm in California. I want a story about eight astronaut, eight high goal, and a cactus. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Charlotte who lives in California and who turned five three days ago on January 13. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Charlotte. Happy birthday, Charlotte. And Charlotte asked for us to make up a story that includes an astronaut, a tiger, and a cactus. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old girl whose name was Charlotte. It had recently been Charlotte's birthday, and she got some birthday cake, and she also got some toys and some presents. But it was a few days after her birthday, and somebody who was dressed up as a mailman but really looked like a monkey because he had monkey arms, dropped off a big box for Charlotte. And Charlotte opened up the door to her house, and she saw the monkey man with the monkey arms jump from the top of the roof of her house all the way to the ground and drop a big box. And the box had gift wrapping on it. And the monkey man said, Charlotte, this is for you. It's for your birthday. And Charlotte said okay. Charlotte took it inside her house, and she ripped off the gift wrapping. After Charlotte ripped off the gift wrapping, charlotte saw that there was an astronaut costume inside, and that is just what she wanted. So Charlotte's mom and Charlotte's dad helped Charlotte put on the astronaut costume. The astronaut costume was a little bit special because when she put on the astronaut costume, it seemed like it really worked. It wasn't pretend. When Charlotte put on the astronaut costume, charlotte turned into a real astronaut. And the astronaut costume had buttons that worked, and when you pressed them, it really beeped, and the lights really went on. And it had a real astronaut helmet, which you could breathe in even if there was no air outside. And it had an astronaut suit. And she even got special astronaut slippers. And Charlotte saw that right outside of her window there were some balloons. And she told her dad that he should hold onto the balloons, and then she would go outside in her astronaut costume and see if she could hold the balloons also. Well, Charlotte's dad went outside and held the balloons before they could fly away. And then Charlotte opened her front door and she got outside and she went to her dad, and she was wearing her astronaut costume, and she held her dad's hand. And because she was wearing her astronaut costume, the balloons started to float up and the balloons carried Charlotte and her dad higher than her house all the way up in the sky where the clouds are past some airplanes and some helicopters that were flying in the sky. And they also passed some birdies. And finally they got on top of the sky into outer space. Charlotte was lucky that she had some bubbles with her because Charlotte blew some bubbles in her astronaut suit and she put a bubble on top of her dad's head so that he could breathe in space. And Charlotte's dad said thank you. Well, Charlotte and her dad were going higher and higher in space with the balloons. And when they got closer and closer to the sun, they saw why the sun is kind of like orange and yellow. Sometimes it's hard to look at the sun because it's not good for your eyes. But if you ever really could tell the color, then a lot of times the sun is like orange. And the reason Charlotte found out as she was holding onto the balloons in her astronaut costume going through outer space is that right next to the sun, there's a planet which is made of orange juice. And there was a big meteor that crashed into the planet near the sun. And the whole ocean of orange juice was spilling out in front of the sun. And so when the sun's light was going through the ocean of orange juice, which was spilling in front of it, it made it look like the sun was orange. And that is why people from Earth and kids, when they look at the sun, they see that it's orange. It's really because of orange juice in space. Well, Charlotte was having a lot of fun with her dad flying through outer space, and her dad's bubble popped. So Charlotte just blew another bubble because she had a lot of bubbles with her and put the new bubble on her dad. As Charlotte and her dad were floating through outer space, they saw that there was a planet which was made out of sand, and the whole entire planet was like a giant sand castle. And so Charlotte decided to fly the balloon onto that sandcastle planet. When they landed in the sandcastle planet, they saw that there was an alien. And the alien had green little fingernails, and the alien liked to use nail polish, and it tried to use nail polish to paint the alien's tootsies its toes rainbow colored. And whenever the alien would step out on one of the sandcastles, wherever it stepped with its rainbow colored nail polish would turn rainbow colored. And the alien was the best alien in the whole universe at building a sandcastle. And that is how he built a whole planet out of a sandcastle. And the sandcastle was home to a lot of different cactuses or cacti. And cactuses or cacti are plants that hold a lot of water inside of them and could be sharp and prickly. And the cactuses that lived on this sandcastle planet, they were able to walk. And their responsibility was to carry buckets and to put water in different parts of the sandcastle, planet sandcastle, so that there could be waterfalls and so that there could be rivers on the planet. And the cactuses always did a good job. And if they poured too much water, then they were responsible for slurping it up and holding it in their big cactus leaves. And the alien used to ride a big tiger, and the tiger was like the alien's pet because on this planet, they didn't have dogs for pets. It was really just tigers. And the tigers were on leashes, and they had special bells that went ding dong whenever you would walk a tiger. And the tigers were really friendly, and they only liked to eat cereal and oatmeal. And so whenever the alien wanted to feed his pet tiger, he would have to pour a big bowl of cereal or some oatmeal, and then the tiger would lick it up without a spoon, and it would get all over the tiger's face. And then the alien would have to brush the tiger's teeth and also wipe off the tiger's nose with a little towel. But the tiger was very friendly, and it came over to say hi to Charlotte and hi to Charlotte's dad. The tiger really wanted to touch Charlotte's balloon, but Charlotte told the tiger that it could not touch her balloon because it might pop it by accident. The tiger told Charlotte that he and the alien knew a special way for them to get back to the Earth. There was a secret slide that goes through space, and you can slide through the slide, and it has water going down it because it's a water slide. And if you slide all the way back down, then it takes you through the sky, through the clouds, past the birds, below the airplanes, and below the helicopters all the way to a secret playground on Earth where there's a little slide that kids come out of. And if you're ever at the playground and you see a kid come out of a slide and you didn't see the kid go to the top of the slide and you're wondering how the kid got to the bottom of the slide without starting at the top, then maybe that's the slide that goes from space. And you should always check if the kid has an astronaut costume. Well, Charlotte used the slide to get back to Earth, and she was wearing her astronaut costume. And when she got to Earth, she told her dad it was okay to pop the bubble. And then Charlotte and her dad went back to their house and lived happily ever after. The end. You. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stops. Bye.