Ayi oi. Yiddi. Diana. Welcome to makeup. Soys. My name is Penelope. Makeup soys, the best podcast ever. Go to Makeup soys.com if you want to be part of the group. Bye. AI. Hi. I am Cheyenne, and I am ten years old. I live in Singapore, and I would like a story about a pikachu, a dog, and a rainbow. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Cheyenne who lives in Singapore and who is ten years old. And Cheyenne asked for us to make up a story that includes a yellow little thing that has lightning powers and is called pikachu and a dog and a rainbow. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Cheyenne. Cheyenne lived in a big building. On every floor in the building, including Cheyenne's, there was a staircase, and there was also an elevator. And so it looked like a regular building. Nobody could see from the outside that Cheyenne's building had special secret compartments. And Cheyenne didn't even know that there were secret parts of her building until one day, all of the power went out. There was a blackout, and none of the lights worked, and none of the computers worked, and the washing machine didn't work. And so many things were broken. It was so dark. Cheyenne told her mom that she was going to go to get a flashlight, and Cheyenne got a flashlight. Cheyenne's mom also got some candles, and she lit them with a lighter. Soon, it was a little easier to see, but all of the lights in Cheyenne's apartment were still out. Cheyenne's mom told Cheyenne that they should go out of the apartment and go downstairs. When they opened up their door, they saw that there were red emergency lights in their hallway. The elevator was closed because it wasn't working, and the door to the staircase was also jammed shut. Aside from the red light, it was kind of hard to see in her hallway. And suddenly, Cheyenne pointed her flashlight, and she saw that there was a hole in the ceiling, and a hole in the ceiling had a rope come down from it. And Cheyenne asked her mom if they should go up the rope in the ceiling. Cheyenne's mom said it was probably a good idea because maybe there was a way to get outside. So first Cheyenne climbed the rope, and then her mom did. When they got to the top of the hole in the ceiling, they saw that there was a secret floor in their building. The secret floor in her building had lights that did work. There were disco lights. There were lights on the floor that lit up when you stepped on them. If you touched the wall, then the part of the wall that you touched that would also turn into a light. So if you, like, touched the wall with your whole hand, it made kind of a handshaped light on the wall. Cheyenne told her mom that there was at least electricity on this floor and that luckily things were working. And Cheyenne's mom said, yes, but we should probably still go out of the building. Just as Cheyenne's mom said that, cheyenne saw that there was a little yellow thing that had silly eyes, and it ran around really fast. Cheyenne pointed the yellow thing to her mom, but Cheyenne's mom didn't see it. Soon Cheyenne saw that there was a secret slide, and the slide went down the corner of the building all the way to the bottom. And on the bottom of the slide, there was a bounce house. So when you landed in the bottom, you just bounced. It didn't give you a boo boo. Cheyenne went in her mom's lap, and Cheyenne and her mom went down the slide. When they got to the bottom, the bounce house was dark, but Cheyenne pointed her flashlight so that they could see. Then they got out of the building through the secret exit. When they got outside, they saw that all of the buildings had no power. There were no lights in any of the buildings, and people were starting to come outside. Cheyenne looked up at the sky, and she saw that the sun turned off. Instead of being bright, the sun turned black. And Cheyenne also saw that the sky was trying to turn into a GLOWINTHEDARK color. Sheen told her mom that there was something very strange going on, and Sheen's mom said, yes, indeed. Suddenly, Sheen looked behind her, and she saw that that yellow thing that was in the secret floor of her apartment building had also gone down the slide and also went in the dark bounce house and was now outside. Cheyenne looked closely at the yellow thing, and it reminded her of a character that she saw in some movies. The yellow thing looked at Cheyenne, and when it opened up its eyes, there were little lightning bolts that came a teeny bit in front of its eyes, like a centimeter or 2 CM. Shianne told her mom that she thought the yellow thing was here to save the day and that it had secret powers. Sheen's mom looked, and she also knew that this was a really kind of special thing, just as Sheen and her mom saw the yellow thing and the sky was becoming even more glow in the dark, and the lights in the buildings were still off, and the sun was still black. There was a black rainbow in the sky. The outside of the rainbow was black. The middle parts of the rainbow were gray, and the bottom part of the rainbow was just white. It was a very strange rainbow because it had no colors. And all of the people on the street were kind of sad because the lights didn't work in their buildings. And the sun turned off and was black, and the sky wasn't bright and blue. It was just glow in the dark, and the rainbow had no colors. Shayen told her mom that she thought that the Yellow thing could save the day. So she went up to the Yellow thing, and she gave it a little lollipop that she had saved in her pocket. When the Yellow thing started to eat the little lollipop, you could see that the lightning in its eyes got bigger, and it looked up at the sun, and it shot out some lightning bolts from its eyes all the way to the sun. And suddenly, the sun turned on again, and it was yellow. And then the Yellow thing looked at the gray and black and white rainbow, and it looked at it, and it shot out some lightning bolts, and these were colorful lightning bolts. And suddenly, the rainbow got color in it. And Cheyenne also saw that the Yellow thing started to look at the buildings. But then it got sad. And Cheyenne asked the Yellow thing, can you not turn the electricity on in buildings? And the yellow thing only said Ekabu. And Cheyenne didn't think that's what it was supposed to say. It sounded a little bit different. And just as Sheen was trying to talk to the Yellow Thing, her dog came up to her. And Sheen's dog said that it also found the secret way out of the building and that it went down the slide, and it went down on the bounce house, and it got outside, and the Yellow thing went right on Cheyenne's dog just for a ride. And that kind of cheered up the Yellow Thing. And the Yellow Thing looked at all of the power lines, and it had a lightning bolt come out of its eyes to the power lines on top of the streets. And suddenly, all of the electricity went back to all of the buildings in Singapore, and the lights turned on, and the elevators started to work. So Cheyenne told her mom that the Yellow thing saved the day. And Shayen's dog told the Yellow Thing that now it could go off. And the Yellow thing gave Cheyenne's dog a big hug. And Cheyenne and her mom and her dog walked back into the building. And when they got to the lobby, they pressed the elevator button, and it worked. And everything was light. So Cheyenne and her mom went back up the elevator all the way to her floor. When they got to her floor, cheyenne saw that the secret hole in the ceiling had disappeared. So she went back into her apartment with her mom and her dog, and they always wondered, how could they find that secret exit anymore? And Cheyenne and her family lived happily ever after. The end. I O NI. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Go to makeup stories.com. If you want to be on the podcast, tell your friends.