Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse were regular kids, except they had see-through bodies. If you looked at Jonah or Jesse's body, you could see all the things inside, like their bones, blood, and organs, like their heart and everything in it. But they didn't want their friends to know that you could see through their bodies. So Jonah and Jesse always wore clothing and their heads were not see-through. Jonah and Jesse went to school and didn't tell any of their friends that if they took off their clothes, you could see through their bodies. They had to wear special gloves because otherwise, people would be able to see through their hands into the bones in their fingers. And it worked for the longest time, especially during winter, and none of Jonah and Jesse's friends knew they had see-through bodies.

But one day, summer came, and there was a heat wave. It got so, so hot. Jonah and Jesse really wanted to take their gloves off because it's not fun to wear gloves when it's so hot outside. So Jonah and Jesse decided to go to a corner of their school playground where nobody was looking. They would take off their gloves for a little bit, blow on their hands to cool them down, and then put their gloves back on. That's what they did. They took the gloves off for a little bit, blew on their hands, and then put the gloves back on. But there was a problem because outside of the playground, some new kids were just arriving at the school. They looked through the fence and saw that Jonah and Jesse had bones in their hands, and you could see right through them. It was like instead of skin, they had a clear plastic bag on top of their hands, and you could see everything inside. One of the girls who was looking in said, "That is weird." Jonah and Jesse felt bad, so they put their gloves back on. The girl said, "Can you take your gloves off? You have to show everybody." But Jonah and Jesse didn't want to.

Then it was time for the whole school to go outside and pick weeds out of the grass. In the main field at the school, there were so many weeds growing in the grass, and it was such a sunny day. The grass was kind of dying, and the weeds were just getting bigger. So Jonah and Jesse started to pick weeds using their gloves. They didn't listen to anybody who said, "Take off your gloves. Take off your gloves." But then, as Jonah and Jesse were picking some weeds out of the ground, and Jesse got a little bit too much dirt on his glove, someone used a hose and sprayed water because he said he was trying to make the grass grow again. But the water got all over Jonah and Jesse's gloves, and they were so wet that they had to take off their gloves. So they took off their gloves, and everyone started to gather around Jonah and Jesse to look at their see-through hands. Then the person started to spray the hose water at Jonah and Jesse's shirts, and their shirts got so wet that Jonah and Jesse had to take them off. Everyone could see their hearts beating and all the different parts of their bodies. It was pretty cool that the kids could see what the inside of a person looked like. But Jonah and Jesse were also a little bit embarrassed because the other kids weren't see-through.

So they decided to just continue picking weeds and ignore the other kids standing around them. Finally, Jonah and Jesse looked down and picked a little bit of weed that came out of the ground. When they got the roots to come out of the ground, the roots went deeper and deeper, and they kept pulling and pulling. Finally, a kind of plant came out, and the plant was also see-through. The plant was made of a glassy or plastic material, and it was growing at the bottom of the weed. When they pulled it out of the ground, Jonah and Jesse realized that whatever they touched became see-through too. So they touched all of the grass with their hands, and all of the grass became see-through.

Then one of the kids touched Jonah and said, "Tag, you're it." But when that kid touched Jonah, that kid became see-through. Jonah and Jesse started running around, and since they were "it," they had to tag other people. They tagged so many people, and all of the kids became see-through. Once one kid became see-through, that kid tagged other kids, and those kids became see-through. Soon enough, the whole school was see-through. It was like infection tag, where once you tag somebody, you're both "it." So soon, everybody in Jonah and Jesse's class was see-through. The weed that they pulled out of the ground was also see-through, and all the grass was see-through.

Then Jonah and Jesse decided that because everyone in their school was see-through, they should start making walls and houses see-through. All the kids put their hands on the walls of their school, and they turned the whole school into a big glass building. Then everyone was tired because every time you make something see-through, it takes a little bit of energy out of you. It's like when you run really fast and then get tired. That's what it's like when you tag somebody and make them see-through. So the whole school decided to have a nap time. Everyone in the school had a little pillow that they laid down on. Some music came on, and soon everybody was snoring. The pillows became see-through too. Yes, because they were laying on the pillows, the pillows became see-through. But soon something happened. Soon everybody's heads also became see-through because they were lying on the see-through pillows. Then you could even see their brains and stuff, and their eyeballs weren't surrounded by anything.

When everybody woke up from their naps, all of the kids at the school were see-through, and all of the teachers were also see-through. Everyone asked Jonah and Jesse, "How do we become not see-through? We want to be regular." Jonah and Jesse weren't sure if they wanted to tell the trick because the whole reason they got into this mess was that somebody squirted water at them with the hose while they were just trying to help pick weeds. That wasn't so nice. But Jonah and Jesse decided to tell people the secret for how to not be see-through. All of the kids and all of the teachers started to listen as Jonah and Jesse gave their announcement. Jonah and Jesse said that the way for everyone to not become see-through was they had to first each take a turn putting on their gloves. Then their hands would become not see-through. After they went to sleep, if they had one apple, one banana, and two grapes, and then mixed it all together with a little bit of sugar and some cotton candy bits, the next day, all the kids who ate that stuff would be regular again.

The teacher decided it would be a good idea to have the fair come to the school so that all of the kids could have some cotton candy bits to put in their mix so they wouldn't be invisible again. Everybody had to be invisible for two days until the fair could finally go to the school. When the fair came, everyone got the cotton candy bits to mix with the banana, the grape, and everything else. All of the kids turned not invisible, and you could see them regularly again. Nobody even needed to wear gloves. But the grass stayed see-through. The weed that turned into a flower that could dance stayed see-through. And nobody was ever, ever allowed to put their heads on those pillows again. Jonah and Jesse and the rest of their school lived happily ever after. The end.