Yiddi. Diana my Name is Aliana makeup Show is the best podcast ever. I listen to it every night. Tell your friends. Tonight's make up story is a request from my two kids, Jonah and Jesse. And Jesse asks for there to be a plant that can dance in the story. And Jonah wants there to be a pillow in the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse were regular kids, except they had a see through body. And if you looked at Jonah or Jesse's body, then you can see all the things that were inside their body, like their bones and their blood and their organs, like their heart and everything in it. But they didn't want their friends to know that you could see through their bodies. And so Jonah and Jesse used to always wear clothing and their head. You couldn't see through their head. And so Jonah and Jesse would go to school and they wouldn't tell any of their friends that if they took off their clothes, you could see through their body. And they had to wear special gloves because otherwise people would be able to see through their hands into the bones in their fingers. And it worked for the longest time, especially while it was winter, and none of Jonah and Jesse's friends knew that they had seethrough bodies. But one day, the summer rolled around and there was a heat wave, and it got so, so hot. And Jonah and Jesse really wanted to take their gloves off because it's not fun to wear gloves when it's so hot outside. And so Jonah and Jesse decided that they would go in a corner where nobody was looking in the playground of their schools. And then they would take off their gloves for a little bit and just blow on their hands a little bit to cool it down. And then they would put their gloves back on. Just take just pull it a little bit and then and that's what they did. They just took the gloves off for a little bit and then blew on their hands, and then they put the gloves back on. But there was a real problem because outside of the playground, there were some new kids that were just getting to the school, and they looked through the fence and they saw that Jonah and Jesse had bones in their hands, and you could see right through it. It was like instead of skin, almost like they had a plastic Ziploc bag on top of their hands, and you can see everything inside of it. And one of the girls who was looking in said, that is weird. And Jonah and Jesse felt bad. So they put their gloves back on, and the girl said, can you take your gloves off? You have to show everybody. But Jonah and Jesse didn't want to. And so it was time for the whole school to start going outside and to pick weeds out of the grass. Because in the main field in the school, there were so many weeds that were growing in the grass, and it was such a sunny day, and all of the grass was kind of dying, and the weeds were just getting bigger. And so Jonah and Jesse started to pick weeds using their gloves. And they didn't listen to anybody who said, take off your gloves. Take off your gloves. But then finally, as Jonah and Jesse were picking some weeds out of the ground, and Jesse got a little bit too much dirt on his glove, there was somebody who used a hose and sprayed there because he said he was trying to make the grass grow again. But the water got all over Jonah and Jesse's gloves, and then it was so wet, they kind of had to take off their gloves. So they took off their gloves, and everyone started to go in a circle around Jonah and Jesse to look at their see through hands. And then the person started to spray the hose water at Jonah and Jesse's shirt, and their shirt got so wet, and Jonah and Jesse had to take their shirt off, and everyone could see where their heart was and it was beating, and they could see all different parts of the body. And so it was pretty cool the kids could see what inside a person looked like. But Joan and Jesse were also a little bit embarrassed because the other kids weren't see through. Like you couldn't see through the other kids. So they decided that they would just continue to pick some weeds and they would ignore that there were other kids standing around them. And finally, Jonah and Jesse looked down and they picked, like a little bit of weed that came out of the ground. And once they got the roots to come out of the ground, the roots went deeper and deeper, and they kept pulling and pulling, and finally this kind of plant came out, and the plant was also see through. The plant was kind of made of a glassy or plastic kind of material, and it was growing on the bottom of the weed. So they pulled it out of the ground, and when they pulled it out of the ground, jonah and Jesse realized that whatever they touched became see through also. And so the plant got out of the ground, and that's how it was a see through plant. And then Jonah and jesse started to touch all of the grass with their hands, and all of the grass became see through. And then one of the kids touched Jonah and said, tag you're it. But when that kid touched Jonah, that kid became see through. And then Jonah and Jesse started running around, and they were going to because they were it. They had to tag other people. And they tagged so many people, and all of the kids became see through. Because once one kid became see through, that kid tagged other kids, and those kids became see through. And then those kids tagged other kids, and those kids became see through. And soon enough, the whole school was see through. Was it like infection tag? That's when you tag somebody, you're still it and they're also it? Yeah, that's how it worked. Like, once you tagged somebody, you were both it. And so soon, everybody in jonah and Jesse's class was see through. And the weed that they pulled out of the ground, that was also see through. And all the grass was see through. And then jonah and jesse decided that because everyone in their school was see through, they should start making, like, walls and houses see through. So all the kids put their hands on the walls of their school, and they turned the whole school into a big glass building. And then everyone was tired because every time you make something see through, it takes, like, a little bit of energy out of you. It's kind of like if you run really fast, then you get tired. That's what it's like once you tag somebody and make them see through. And so the whole school decided they would have a nap time. And then everyone in the school had, like, a little pillow that they laid down on. And then there was some music that came on, and soon everybody was snoring. The pillow became see through. Yes, and because they were laying on the pillow, the pillow became see through. But soon something happened. Soon everybody's heads also became see through because they were lying on the see through pillows, and then you could even see their brains and stuff, and, like, their eyeballs weren't surrounded by anything. And so when everybody woke up from their naps, all of the kids at the school were see through. And all of the teachers were also see through. And everyone was like, jonah and jesse, how do we become not see through? Because we want to be regular. And jonah and jesse, they weren't sure if they wanted to tell the trick, because really the whole reason they got into this mess is that somebody squirted water at them with the hose while they were just trying to help pick weeds. And so that wasn't so nice. But joan and jesse decided that they would tell people the secret for how to not be seethrough. And all of the kids and all of the teachers started to listen as jonah and jesse gave their announcement. Jonah and jesse said that the way for everyone to not become seethrough was they had to first each take a turn putting on their gloves. And then after they put on jonah and jesse's gloves, then first their hands would become not see through. And then after they went to sleep, if they had one apple and one banana and two grapes, and then they mixed it all together with a little bit of sugar and some cotton candy bits. Then the next day, all the kids who ate that stuff would be regular again. And the teacher decided it would be a good idea to have the fair come to the school so that all of the kids could have some cotton candy bits to put in their mix so they wouldn't be invisible again. And everybody had to be invisible for two days until the fair could finally go to the school. And when the fair came, everyone got the cotton candy bits to mix with the banana and the grape and everything else. And all of the kids turned not invisible and you could see them regular again. And nobody even needed to wear gloves. But the grass stayed see through. The weed that turned into a flower that could dance stayed see through. And nobody was ever, ever allowed to put their heads on those pillows again. And Jonah and Jesse and the rest of their school lived happily ever after. The end. Hi, my name is Peppa. Thanks for listening to makeup. Salis, go to makeupsaurus.com. To zone in the job, tell your friends by.