Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Willow. Willow was walking through a forest with her mom when they saw a little deer. The deer must have been a teensy-weensy baby deer because it was so little. And the deer looked at Willow and ran away. Willow asked her mom if they could follow the baby deer through the forest to see if it maybe wanted some food or grass to eat. Willow and her mom wanted to help it. Willow's mom said okay, and Willow held her mom's hand. They walked through the tall grass, on top of some rocks, around the bend, past some trees next to the stream until they got to the baby deer's secret hideout. The baby deer's secret hideout was in a little frog pond. In the little frog pond, there were so many frogs! Some of the frogs were green frogs, and some of the frogs were red frogs. There was a king of the frogs who was called a fishy frog. The fishy frog looked like a frog, but when it went into the water, it could turn into a fish. And when it went out of the water, the fish turned back into a frog, and that's why it was called a fishy frog.

Well, Willow and her mom were looking at the baby deer, and they saw that as the baby deer sat down next to the frog pond with all of the colorful frogs, there was a rainbow caterpillar. The rainbow caterpillar climbed right up the deer's nose. When the rainbow caterpillar got on top of the deer's nose, the baby deer sneezed, and it said ha too. When it sneezed, out of the baby deer's nose came a pile of magic dust. Willow thought that maybe the deer was magical, but she didn't know for sure until she saw all of the glitter dust come out of the deer's nose. Then the rainbow caterpillar went down from the deer's nose, and it went right into the sparkly magical dust that came out of the baby deer's nose. The caterpillar started to make a circle in the dust.

Willow went up to the deer and saw that the deer wasn't afraid. So Willow started to pet the deer. As Willow started to pet the deer, she saw that the deer wanted Willow to put some of the magic dust in her hand and pet the deer with her magic dust. So Willow went right next to the rainbow caterpillar, and Willow asked the rainbow caterpillar if she could use a little bit of the magic dust because the deer wanted Willow to pet him with the magic dust. The caterpillar said, okay. Willow put a little bit of the magic dust on her fingers and started to pet the deer. As she petted the deer with the magic dust, she said, "You're a good deer, and you're a nice deer." She rubbed the magic dust onto the deer's back.

As she rubbed the magic dust onto the deer, she saw that the frogs in the pond started to jump up and down and up and down. They kept jumping and jumping. The magic dust started to turn into a horn on the deer's head. The deer began to get bigger. The deer was turning into a unicorn! The baby deer got bigger and bigger until it turned into a baby unicorn. It was a rainbow-colored unicorn, and Willow knew that it was a rainbow-colored unicorn right now because of the rainbow caterpillar and the rainbow caterpillar's magic dust. The unicorn told Willow, "Thanks for rubbing that magic sparkly dust on me and the magic glittery dust on me because I always wanted to be a unicorn." Willow asked the unicorn if they could bake some magic cupcakes together, and the unicorn said, okay.

One of the ways that unicorns bake magic cupcakes is they try to use their feet to stir around different kinds of cupcake mixes. But Willow's mom told the unicorn not to use its unicorn feet because that might get it a little dirty. Instead, Willow told the unicorn to make a magic wand, and the unicorn sneezed again. This time, out of the unicorn's nose came a colorful magic wand. The end of the magic wand looked a little bit like glass, but it wasn't dangerous, and it couldn't break, and it blinked different lights. Willow told her mom to use the special pot that they saw right behind the tree because it was a silver pot, and it had mirrors inside.

Well, the rainbow caterpillar told Willow that she could use the rest of the magic sparkly dust and pour the dust in the mirror pot. A green frog would need to jump in the pot once and then jump out of it. Then a red frog would need to jump in and then jump out of the mirror pot. The unicorn would use the big, long magic wand, the magic wand that had the glass at the end, and stir the special magic dust in the mirror pot until it turned into something yummy. Willow's mom said that was a good idea. Willow gave the magic wand to the unicorn, and the unicorn put the magic wand in his mouth, between his teeth, and started stirring the special magic dust in the mirror pot until it got bigger and more colorful. Rainbows went inside the mirror pot, and it looked like it was turning into a big, colorful cake.

Inside the big, colorful cake, there were little seeds. Willow told the unicorn that it looked like it was starting to get ready, and the unicorn told Willow that you're not supposed to eat the magic cupcake mix with all the little cupcake seeds that were in the mirror bowl. Willow asked the unicorn what they're supposed to do with it. The unicorn said, "Now we're supposed to pour all of the magic cupcake mix in the frog pond." Willow said, "Don't throw it into the frog pond. Then it will get dirty. We need to put it in an oven to make it into a cake." The unicorn said, "Just trust me. We have to try." The unicorn spilled some of the magic cupcake dust that he mixed in the mirror pot into the froggy pond. As the unicorn spilled the whole thing in, Willow saw that there were cupcake trees that started to grow out of the pond.

The reason the unicorn wanted to pour all of the mix in the pond was that there was water in the pond, so that would help the cupcake trees grow. Willow looked up and saw that the cupcake trees were made of cupcake mix, and they had cupcake tree branches, and all of the leaves on the trees were made of frosting. There were so many trees growing out of the little frog pond, and some of the frogs were jumping up the trees. The frogs told Willow that they wouldn't eat any of the cupcake trees that Willow made with the rainbow caterpillar and the unicorn. Instead, they would be in charge of protecting it. Willow told all of the froggies, the rainbow caterpillar, and the unicorn, "Thank you so much." She looked around and saw a chocolate cupcake tree, one that looked like a muffin, and one special tree that looked like a birthday cake cupcake. On all of the branches, they were made of sugar, and instead of having regular sap that spilled out of the tree's bark, the trees made honey.

Willow said, "Thank you so much" to the unicorn and the caterpillar. Willow's mom said they would need to go home for a little bit but come back a different day to visit the froggy pond with all of the cupcake trees that the unicorn, who used to be a baby deer, helped them make. Willow went back home with her mom, and she and her family lived happily ever after. The End.