Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Willow. Willow was walking through a forest with her mom when they saw a little deer. The deer must have been a teensy-weensy baby deer because it was so little. And the deer looked at Willow and it ran away. And Willow asked her mom if they could follow the baby deer through the forest to see if it maybe wanted some food or some grass to eat. And Willow and her mom were going to be able to help it. Willow's mom said okay, and Willow held her mom's hand, and they walked through the tall grass on top of some rocks, around the bend, past some trees next to the stream until they got to the baby deer's secret hideout. The baby deer's secret hideout was in a little frog pond. In the little frog pond, there were so many frogs, and some of the frogs were green frogs, and some of the frogs were red frogs, and there was a king of the frogs who was called a fishy frog. The fishy frog looked like a frog, but when it went into the water, it could turn into a fish. And when it went out of the water, the fish turned back into a frog, and that's why it was called a fishy frog.

Well, Willow and her mom were looking at the baby deer, and they saw that as the baby deer sat down next to the frog pond with all of the colorful frogs, there was a rainbow caterpillar. And the rainbow caterpillar climbed right up the deer's nose. And when the rainbow caterpillar got on top of the deer's nose, the baby deer sneezed, and it said ha too. And when it sneezed, out of the baby deer's nose came a pile of magic dust. Willow thought that maybe the deer was magical, but she didn't know for sure until she saw all of the glitter dust come out of the deer's nose. And then the rainbow caterpillar went down from the deer's nose, and it went right into the sprinkly magical dust that came out of the baby deer's nose. And the caterpillar started to make a circle in the dust.

Willow went up to the deer and she saw that the deer wasn't afraid. So Willow started to pet the deer. And as Willow started to pet the deer, she saw that the deer wanted for Willow to put some of the magic dust in her hand and to pet the deer with her magic dust. So Willow went right next to the rainbow caterpillar, and Willow asked the rainbow caterpillar if she could use a little bit of the magic dust, because the deer wanted Willow to pet him with the magic dust. The caterpillar said, okay. And so Willow put a little bit of the magic dust on her fingers, and she started to pet the deer. As she started to pet the deer with the magic dust, she said, you're a good deer, and you're a nice deer. And she rubbed the magic dust onto the deer's back.

As she rubbed the magic dust onto the deer, she saw that the frogs in the pond started to jump up and down and up and down. And they kept jumping and jumping. And the magic dust started to turn into a horn on the deer's head. And it started to make the deer get bigger. And the deer was turning into a unicorn. The baby deer got bigger and bigger until it turned into a baby unicorn. It was a rainbow-colored unicorn, and Willow knew that it was a rainbow-colored unicorn right now because of the rainbow caterpillar and the rainbow caterpillar's magic dust. The unicorn told Willow, thanks for rubbing that magic sprinkly dust on me and the magic glittery dust on me because I always wanted to be a unicorn. And Willow asked the unicorn if they could bake some magic cupcakes together, and the unicorn said, okay.

One of the ways that unicorns bake magic cupcakes is they try to use their feet to stir around different kinds of cupcake mixes. But Willow's mom told the unicorn not to use its unicorn feet because that might get it a little dirty. Instead, Willow told the unicorn to make a magic wand, and the unicorn sneezed again. And this time, out of the unicorn's nose came a colorful magic wand. The end of the magic wand looked a little bit like glass, but it wasn't dangerous, and it couldn't break, and it blinked different lights. Willow told her mom to use the special pot that they saw right behind the tree, because it was a silver pot, and it had mirrors inside.

Well, the rainbow caterpillar told Willow that Willow could use the rest of the magic sprinkly dust, which was also sparkly, and to pour the dust in the mirror pot. And the frog would need to jump in the pot once and then jump out of it. And then a red frog would need to jump in and then a red frog would jump out of the mirror pot. And then the unicorn would use a big, long magic wand, the magic wand that had the glass at the end and stir the special magic dust in the mirror pot until it turned into something yummy. Willow's mom said that was a good idea. And so Willow gave the magic wand to the unicorn, and the unicorn put the magic wand in his mouth, between his teeth and started stirring the special magic dust in the mirror pot until it got bigger and more colorful. And rainbows went inside the mirror pot, and it looked like it was turning into a big, colorful cake.

Inside the big, colorful cake, there were little seeds. Willow told the unicorn that it looked like it was starting to get ready, and the unicorn told Willow that you're not supposed to eat the magic cupcake mix with all the little cupcake seeds that were in the mirror bowl. And Willow asked the unicorn what they're supposed to do with it. The unicorn said, now we're supposed to pour all of the magic cupcake mix in the frog pond. And Willow said, don't throw it into the frog pond. Then it will get dirty. We need to put it in an oven to make it into a cake. And the unicorn said, just trust me. We have to try. And the unicorn spilled some of the magic cupcake dust that he mixed in the mirror pot into the froggy pond. And as the unicorn spilled the whole thing in, Willow saw that there were cupcake trees that started to grow out of the pond.

And the reason the unicorn wanted to pour all of the mix in the pond was because there was water in the pond so that would help the cupcake trees grow. And Willow looked up, and she saw that the cupcake trees were made of cupcake mix, and they had cupcake tree branches, and all of the leaves on the trees were made of frosting. And there were so many trees that were growing out of the little frog pond, and some of the frogs were jumping up the trees. And the frogs told Willow that they wouldn't eat any of the cupcake trees that Willow made with the rainbow caterpillar and the unicorn, and that instead they would be in charge of protecting it. And Willow told all of the froggies and the rainbow caterpillar and the unicorn, thank you so much. And she looked around, and she saw a chocolate cupcake tree. She saw one that looked like a muffin. She saw one special tree that looked like a birthday cake cupcake. And on all of the branches, they were made of sugar, and instead of having regular SAP that spilled out of the tree's bark, the trees made honey.

Willow said, thank you so much to the unicorn and to the caterpillar. And Willow's mom said they would need to go home for a little bit but come back a different day to visit the froggy pond with all of the cupcake trees that the unicorn, who used to be a baby deer, helped them make. And Willow went back home with her mom. And she and her family lived happily ever after. The End.