Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl named Ellie. One day, Ellie found a dollhouse at her front door. It was a big mystery who left the dollhouse there because it was pink, had windows that could open, stairs inside, different rooms, and even a little doll kitchen. There were lots of things to play with, but there were no dolls inside. Ellie had no idea how it got there.

So Ellie asked her mom, and her mom went to the front door. She saw that Ellie was right - there really was a pink dollhouse, and there were no clues about how it got there. Ellie told her mom that there was an even bigger mystery. When they looked again, the dollhouse was suddenly on top of a blanket. Ellie closed the door and told her mom that there must be a magician making the dollhouse magically appear and move on top of the blanket.

Ellie's mom suggested they look through the window and sneakily peek at what was happening outside their front door. Ellie and her mom went to the window and looked out. As they watched, they saw little dolls flying! The dolls looked like pretend dolls, but their arms could move, they could talk, their eyes really worked, and they had wings. The dolls were going into the dollhouse at Ellie's front door, using the pretend kitchen to make pretend cookies, and then taking those cookies back into the sky all the way to outer space.

Soon, one of the dolls saw Ellie and her mom sneakily looking at them through the window. The doll knocked on Ellie's door. Ellie asked her mom if they should open the door, and her mom said they should. So Ellie held her mom's hand, and they walked to the front door. Ellie's mom opened the door, and they saw the doll flying in the air. The doll asked Ellie if she wanted to join her in outer space to eat some cookies. Ellie said okay, but there was no rocket ship for them to go in. The doll told Ellie that she and her mom could go on the blanket under the dollhouse, and there was enough room on the blanket for them to bring the dollhouse with them all the way to outer space. Ellie and her mom agreed that it was a good idea.

So they sat on the blanket, crossed their legs, and held onto the dollhouse. Suddenly, the dolls started to pick up the blanket and fly them away from Ellie's house, over the roofs of all the houses in Washington, DC. They went higher and higher, through the clouds. As they got closer to outer space, one of the dolls blew a big bubble around the flying blanket so Ellie and her mom could breathe in outer space. The dolls kept flying with the blanket through outer space.

When they got to outer space, they started to go super fast. The dolls pointed their toes down and said, "Rocket boost, speed, fast, boost!" They pulled the blanket so fast that they got to a secret corner of space where there were green stars. This corner of space is where unicorns come from. There was a planet called Blancu, where all the unicorns originally came from before they got to Earth. On planet Blancu, there were rainbows everywhere. Some rainbows were made of sugar, and others were slides. At the end of every rainbow on Blancu, there was a prize. You could choose a special type of yummy candy that lasts forever and doesn't give you a tummy ache, or a toy that never breaks.

Little baby unicorns on Blancu had so many toys and so much candy, which made them very magical when they went to Earth. The planet was called Blancu because it was full of blanket forts. Unicorns, even grown-up ones, lived in blanket forts that were bigger than people's blanket forts. They held up the top of the blanket forts with magical trees called fork trees, which were made of silly putty and grew from the ground.

Before a unicorn could go from Blancu to Earth, it needed to answer to a fairy. Every day, when unicorns went to school, their teachers were fairies with magic wands. The unicorns would march in a line, sing songs, and dance in a circle. They could also go upside down, twirl about, and play a silly game of ring around the rosie.

While the dolls showed Ellie all the special blanket forts on Blancu, Ellie was so happy to see them. The unicorns told Ellie they could be her pets if she wanted and could come with her back to Earth. Ellie's mom asked a fairy if they needed a special magic ticket for a unicorn pet, and the fairy waved her wand, creating a magic ticket. The ticket was made of see-through gold that looked a bit like a rainbow.

Ellie took the magic gold rainbow ticket and gave it to a special, shy unicorn who wanted to be her friend. The unicorn agreed to be Ellie's pet, and they all went back to Earth on the magic blanket. When they got to Earth, Ellie had a pet unicorn, and Ellie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.