Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Lila. Makeup Stories is the best podcast for kids ever. Tell your friends. I'm Allie, and I want this story to be about a fairy that has a magic wand, and I want it a unicorn furris petridon, and I want it to be an outer space. And how old are you? I am five nine. My birthday is in January 22. And you'll be five? And I'll be five. Yeah. And where do you live? I live in Washington, DC. Can you say thank you? Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Ellie who lives in Washington, DC. And who just turned five years old three days ago on January 22. And so we want to say happy birthday, Ellie. Happy birthday, l e. And Ellie asked for us to make up a story that includes a fairy with a magic wand and a pet unicorn, and it's supposed to be set in outer space. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl whose name was Ellie. One day, Ellie found a doll house at the front door of her house. And it was a big mystery of who left the doll house by her house, because the doll house was pink, and it had windows that you could open, and it even had stairs inside and different rooms, and there was a little doll kitchen, and there were lots of different things that you could play with, but there were no dolls inside. And Ellie had no idea how it got to her front door. So Ellie asked her mom, and Ellie's mom went to their front door, and she saw that Ellie was right. There really was a pink doll house, and there was no clues for how it got there. Ellie told her mom that there was an even bigger mystery. When they looked again, the doll house was suddenly on top of a blanket. And Ellie closed the door, and she told her mom that there must be a magician somewhere that is making the doll house magically appear and is also making it go on top of a blanket. And Ellie's mom told Ellie that they're going to need to look through the window and sneakily peek at what is going on outside their front door and how a doll house got there by itself. And Ellie and her mom went to the window and they looked out. And as they looked out the window, they saw that there were little dolls that were flying. And the dolls looked like pretend dolls, but their arms were able to move and they were able to talk, and their eyes really worked, and they were floating through the air because the dolls had wings on them. And the dolls were going into their doll house, which was in the front door of Ellie's house, and they were using the pretend kitchen to make pretend cookies. And then they were bringing those pretend cookies back in the sky all the way to outer space. And soon one of the dolls saw that Ellie and her mom were sneakily looking at them through the window. And the doll knocked on Ellie's door. And Ellie asked her mom if they should open the door. And Ellie's mom said that they should. So Ellie held her mom's house and her mom's hand, and they walked to the front door. And Ellie's mom opened up the front door, and they saw that the doll was flying in the air. And the doll asked Ellie if it wanted to join her in outer space to eat some cookies. And Ellie said, okay, but that there was no rocket ship for them to go in. And the doll told Ellie that she and her mom could go on the blanket that was under the doll house. And there was enough room on the blanket for them to bring the doll house with them all the way to outer space. And Ellie and her mom said that that was a good idea. So they went on the blanket, and they sat down, and Ellie and her mom crossed their legs and they held onto the doll house. And suddenly the dolls started to pick up the blanket and fly them away from Ellie's house on top of the roofs of all of the houses in Washington, DC. And they would get higher and higher, and they went through the clouds. And as they got higher to outer space, one of the dolls blew a big bubble around the flying blanket so that Ellie and her mom could breathe in outer space. And the dolls kept flying with the blanket through outer space. When they got to outer space, they started to go speed fast. Speed fast is a type of fast. That the way dolls use it, is they have to point their toes down, and then they say, rocket boost, speed, fast, boost. And then they were able to pull the blanket that Ellie and her mom were on so fast that they got to a secret corner of space where there were stars that were green. And in this corner of space is where unicorns come from. There was a planet, and the planet was called Blancu. And blancu was a planet. That where all the unicorns originally came from before they got to Earth. And on the planet Oblanco, there were rainbows everywhere. And the rainbows crisscrossed, and they went on top of each other. And some of the rainbows were made of sugar, and other rainbows were slides, and you can go in them at the end of every rainbow on the planet. A blancu was a prize. And you could choose, if you wanted it, to be a blanco candy, which is a special type of yummy candy that lasts forever and doesn't give you a tummy ache. Or you could choose, if you want it to be a toy that never breaks and there were so many rainbows. So the little baby unicorns that lived on the planet of blanco would get so many toys, and they would have so much candy. And that's how unicorns got really magical for when they went to earth. And the planet ablancu was called the planet ablancu because it was full of blanket forts. There were blanket forts everywhere. And Ellie and her mom saw that all of the unicorns in the planet ablanco, they didn't live in regular houses. Unicorns, even grown up unicorns, really live in blanket forts. It's just that their blanket forts are bigger than people blanket forts. When a unicorn makes a blanket fort, they try to make it unicorn special, and they hold up the top of the blanket fort with a big magical tree that looks like an upside down fork. And it's called a fork tree. Fork trees don't grow on planet earth, but on the planet of blanco, they do. And fork trees are not made out of wood. Fork trees are made out of silly putty, and it grows right from the ground. And the unicorns use it to hold up their blanket forts. But before a unicorn can get from the planet of blanco all the way to earth, it needs to answer to the fairy. Every day, when unicorns go to unicorn school, their teachers are fairies, and the fairies hold magic wands, and the unicorns have to march single file in a line, and then the fairy will tell them to sing songs, and the unicorns can choose which songs that they should sing. And then the fairy will wave her magic wand in a circle, and that means that the unicorns get to dance in a circle. And unicorns can also go upside down and in spirals, and they can twirl about and unicorns have a silly way of playing ring around a rosy. When unicorns play ring around a rosie, the fairies wave their magic wand, and at the end, the unicorns jump up instead of falling down. While the dolls were showing Ellie all of the special blanket forts on the planet of blanco, and ellie was so happy to see them. The unicorns told Ellie that they could be her pet if she wanted and they could come with her back to the planet earth. So ellie's mom asked a fairy if they needed a special magic ticket to have a unicorn pet, and the fairy waved her magic wand, and she created a magic ticket. The magic tickets were made out of gold, but the gold was see through, and it also looked a little bit like a rainbow. And then ellie took the magic gold rainbow ticket, and she gave it to a unicorn. The gold magic rainbow ticket did it make a really cool rainbow popsicle? The special ticket that Ellie had was so good that whenever she gave it, she got to choose which unicorn to give it to. And whenever she gave it to a unicorn, that unicorn would be her pet unicorn. And so Ellie chose a special unicorn, which was a little unicorn that was a little bit shy, but that unicorn was really nice and really wanted to be Ellie's friend. And so Ellie told that unicorn that it could be her pet unicorn, and the unicorn said, okay, and she gave it the magic ticket. And the unicorn went on the magic blankie, and the dolls pulled the unicorn and Ellie and her mom and the doll house all the way back to Earth. And when they got to Earth, Ellie had a pet unicorn, and Ellie and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Say your friends. My name is Gibb, and I live in Seattle, and I'm having a baby brother. And unicorns are very protective of their nest by. Hello. This is Steve, the host of Makeup Stories. Kids can now give shoutouts to their friends on Makeup Stories. They can share special memories with our listeners, and they can also share special facts that they know about. Instructions for how to do this are on Facebook.com. Makeup Stories.