Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy named Jude. Jude lived on an island with lots of sand and houses made of straw called huts. There were also huts made of mud that got hard because the sun shone on it for so long. Jude loved to play on this island. There were swing sets, but instead of rubber or plastic seats, they used strong leaves tied together. Kids could sit on the leaves and swing back and forth.

The most special thing about this island was the ocean surrounding it. It was an ice cream ocean! It was the only place in the whole world where the ocean wasn't just water. The island was pretty cold, which kept the ice cream ocean cold too. To sail on the ocean, you had to ride on a special frog because the frogs on this island were so big that you could even ride on them. They were even bigger than people and very friendly.

When Jude or his friends or his mom and dad wanted to go on a ride, they would hop on a friendly froggy and say, "Beep." The froggy would then go, "Ribbit, ribbit, ribbit," and hop to wherever they wanted to go. One day, Jude took a ride on a big froggy to the playground. When he got there, he saw an emergency out in the sea. There were boats that looked like pirate boats with not-so-nice flags on top.

Jude told the froggy to take him back to the shoreline where the ocean met the beach. The froggy went "ribbit" and hopped quickly back to the beach. When they got there, Jude went onto a really big turtle, as big as a whole boat. His mom and dad also went on turtles behind him. They strapped onto the turtles, which were used as boats to go through the Sea of Ice Cream. Turtles didn't really love to eat ice cream, so they only ate a little bit as they gave rides.

Jude looked through his binoculars to see where the pirates could be. At first, he couldn't see them. All he could see were bananas falling from the sky like rain. But suddenly, Jude saw something - a pirate ship! The pirates on the ship were kitty cat pirates with one eye covered and pirate hats on. Some of the kitty cats even had pet parrots and sang songs like, "Hi ho, hi ho, it's off to pirate we go!"

As the kitty cat pirates sailed towards Jude, he didn't worry because he was on a turtle boat and knew something they didn't. Jude had a friend who was a ketchup dragon! This dragon didn't breathe fire; it breathed ketchup. Jude pressed the dragon button, and he saw wings flapping in the sky. His mom and dad said, "It's the ketchup dragon!"

The ketchup dragon swooped in as the kitty cat pirates got close to Jude. The turtles went closer to the pirate ship, and the dragon sprayed ketchup onto the kitty cat pirate ship. The ship stopped, and the kitty cat pirates said they were sorry. They thought the Sea of Ice Cream was made of milk, and kitty cats love milk. Jude told the kitty cats they could be nice and drink from the Sea of Ice Cream if they promised to be good.

The kitty cats said they were sorry, and Jude helped clean their ship by pressing the yellow button on his turtle. A winged doggie flew down from the clouds and licked up the ketchup. The kitty cats weren't afraid of the doggie because it was a nice cleanup doggie.

Jude told the kitty cats they could go back to his island, and they followed the turtles through the Sea of Ice Cream. As they got close to the island, it started raining colorful sprinkles, which turned the sea into sprinkle ice cream. The sprinkles hurt the kitty cats on their uncovered boat, so Jude pressed the blue button on his turtle. Cotton candy covered the kitty cat pirate ship, protecting it from the sprinkles. Jude used a cotton candy rope to tow the kitty cat boat to the island.

When they got back to the island, everyone decided to be friends. The dragon flew down and apologized for spraying ketchup on the kitty cats. The kitty cats said it was okay, and they all shared bananas and lived happily ever after. The end.