Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Jude. Jude lived on an island, and on the island that Jude lived on, there was so much sand, and there were some houses which were made of straw, and they called these houses huts. And they also had other huts that were made out of mud that got hard because the sun beat on it for so long. And Jude liked to go play. On this island, there were swing sets, but they didn't use kind of rubber or plastic on the bottom of the swings. Instead, they put together a lot of really strong leaves and they wrapped them together and tied them. And then kids could even go on the leaves and swing back and forth. But the most special thing about this island is the ocean that it was surrounded by the ocean. Around this island was an ice cream ocean. It was the only place in the whole world where the ocean wasn't just water. It was pretty cold on this island, and that's how the ice cream in the ocean stayed cold. But if you wanted to sail on the ocean, then you had to go on a special frog because the frogs in this island were so big that you could even go on rides. Frogs were even bigger than people, and they were so nice. So when Jude or his friends or his mom and his dad ever wanted to go on a ride, they would just hop on a friendly froggy and say, Beep. And then the froggy went, Ribbon, ribbon, ribbon, and hopped to wherever they wanted to go. Well, one day, Jude took a ride on a big froggy and the frog went and he pressed beep, and the frog went, Ribbon, ribbon, ribbon, and took him all the way to the playground. When Jude got to the playground, he saw that there was an emergency out in the sea. There were some boats that looked like pirate boats. These boats had a flag on top of them that did not look so very nice. And so Jude told the froggy to take him back to the shoreline right where the ocean met the beach. And the froggy went ribbot on the double and riveted all the way back to the beach. When the froggy got to the beach, jude went onto a really big turtle that was as big as a whole boat. And his dad also went on a turtle behind him, and so did his mom. And Jude and his family strapped onto turtles. And the turtles there were used as boats to go through the Sea of Ice Cream. Now, turtles don't really love to eat so much ice cream, so they only eat a little bit of the ice cream as they give rides on the Sea of Ice Cream. On the sea of ice cream. Jude went looking through his binoculars to see where the pirates could be. And at first, he couldn't see it. All he could see were bananas falling down from the sky like rain. But suddenly, Jude saw something. It was a pirate ship. And on the pirates on the ship, instead of regular pirates, they were just kitty cat pirates. And all of the kitty cats had one eye covered, and they had pirate hats on. And some of the kitty cats even had birds named parrots, which they didn't eat but kept as pets. And some of the kitty cats would sing songs like hi ho, hi ho, it's off to pirate we go hi ho, hi ho, hi ho, hi ho it's off to pirate we go. And they would sing that song as they meowed and tried to catch mice. And they sailed their pirate ship right towards Jude. But Jude didn't worry, because he was on a turtle boat, and he knew something that the kitty cat pirates didn't. Jude knew that he had a friend who was a dragon, and the dragon was the ketchup dragon, because this dragon, the ketchup dragon, didn't breathe out fire. This dragon came to save the day, and he breathed out ketchup. So Jude pressed the dragon button, and suddenly he saw some wings flap in the sky in the distance. And his dad looked, and his mom looked, and they said, It's the ketchup dragon. And the ketchup dragon was flapping down just as the kitty cat pirates were getting close to Jude. And the turtles went on the double, and they got closer and closer, sneakily and carefully to the pirate ship. Well, when they got really close to the pirates, the dragon swooped in, and the ketchup dragon sprayed some ketchup out of his dragon mouth onto the kitty cat pirate ship. And the kitty cat pirate ship stopped going to where Jude and his parents were on their turtles in the Sea of Ice Cream. And the kitty cat pirate said, we're sorry. We're sorry. We made a mistake. We thought that the Sea of Ice Cream was made of milk. And kitty cats just like to drink milk. And Jude told the kitty cats that they were not allowed to be mean pirates anymore, but that they could be nice. And if they were nice, they could drink from the Sea of Ice Cream because kitty cats are nice. And kitty cats could have a little bit of ice cream. And the kitty cats said they're sorry. And Jude told them that he would help clean their ship and get the ketchup off of it. And the way that jude did that was by pressing the yellow button on his turtle. And when he pressed the yellow button on his turtle, a doggie came flying down from the clouds, and the doggie had wings, and it flapped down all the way to the kitty cat pirate ship, and it started licking up the ketchup. And the kitty cats weren't afraid of this doggie because it was a nice cleanup doggie, and the doggie just ate the ketchup. Well, the doggie ate up all the ketchup on the pirate ship, and Jude told the kitty cats that they had to be nice, and the kitty cats said they would be and that they wanted to be friends and go back to Jude's island. So Jude told them that they could. And the turtles turned around, and the kitty cat ship followed them through the Sea of Ice Cream all the way to their island. But before they got to the island, right when they saw the beach, it started raining sprinkles. And the sprinkles were so colorful that it went all over the Sea of Ice Cream and made it a sprinkle ice cream. But the sprinkles weren't so good for the kitty cat boat because it didn't have any cover on it. And the sprinkles hurt the kitty cats as they came down like rain. And so Jude told the kitty cats not to worry. And what he did is he pressed the blue button, and when he pressed the blue button on his turtle, he made some cotton candy go on top of the kitty cat pirate ship, which protected it from the sprinkles. And then he used a special cotton candy rope to attach the kitty cat pirate ship to one of the turtles and the turtles. And Jude helped tow the kitty cat boat all the way to the island. After Jude and the turtle and Jude's parents and their turtles and the kitty cats and the kitty cat ships got back to the island, they all decided that they were going to be friends. The dragon flew down from the sky and told the kitty cats that he was sorry for spraying ketchup on them. He said he did it because he thought the kitty cats were bad pirates, but didn't know they were just trying to drink some ice cream from the Sea of Ice Cream. And the kitty cats said it's okay. And they all decided to be friends. And they shared some bananas and lived happily ever after. The end.