Once upon a time, long ago, there was a girl named Nico. Nico was really famous in her town, and everybody knew her because she had a butterfly net, which she sometimes used to catch frogs. Nico was the best kid at catching frogs in the whole world. Sometimes, even grownups who wanted to learn how to catch frogs would knock on Nico's door. Nico and her mom would open the door and ask, "What do you need?" The grownups would ask Nico to teach them how to get so good at catching frogs. Nico would show all the grownups and other kids her tricks about how to hide, be quiet, camouflage, and make sure that a frog can't see you. She also taught them how to sneakily put the butterfly net in the lake, how to catch the frog, and how to be nice to it after you catch it. She always told the grownups, "Make sure after you catch a frog, if you're not going to keep it as a pet, you have to put it back." And all the people in Nico's town would listen.

One day, as Nico was walking around, she saw a little stream running through the forest, and in the stream, there was a frog. This frog was the shiniest frog she had ever seen. The frog's skin looked like it was made of mirrors, and you could see your reflection on the frog's skin. As the frog hopped about the water, you could see the sky on the frog's back because it was reflecting the sky, and you could see your eyes when you looked into the frog. It always looked like whatever you saw in the mirror. Nico knew this was a special frog, so she told her mom and all the people taking frog-catching lessons with her to be very quiet while she figured out how to catch the mirror frog.

Nico saw that the mirror frog was going under a pipe, and the pipe was see-through and looked really small, almost like a big straw. On the bottom of the straw pipe, there was a teensy, tiny, little diamond. Diamonds are so shiny. The frog went in and ate the little diamond, which a person shouldn't do. After the frog came out of the little pipe straw and went back into the stream where it was jumping, Nico saw that it became a diamond frog, and it was the shiniest frog in the world. It was worth so much money because diamonds are worth a lot of money. Everyone would try to go to Colorado, where Nico lived, to see the diamond frog.

One day, the diamond frog went right up to Nico and said, "Nico, nobody's really going to catch me." Nico told the diamond frog that it would be okay. The diamond frog told Nico that it could become a big frog and take her for a frog ride through a secret lake. Nico said okay. So Nico hopped on the diamond frog, and the diamond frog started to get bigger and bigger until it was as big as a horse, but it still had frog legs and said, "Ribbit, ribbit." It still had a long tongue that could catch flies and could jump over fences better than horses could. The frog was better at jumping over fences than even good jumping horses because frogs are really good at jumping high when they're little, so you could imagine how good they are if they have big, strong muscles. Even tadpoles can kind of peek up for a second and fall back down. Yeah, even tadpoles could kind of swim fast and peek up for a second.

Nico was really proud to be on a diamond frog ride. The diamond frog started jumping, with Nico riding all the way to the Magic Lake. The Magic Lake was very silly because it was suspended in the air. It was a lot of water, like a pool of water, but it didn't fall down onto the ground. It just stayed together in the air. Have you ever seen anything like that? The Magic Lake wasn't in the ground. It stayed in the air the whole time and didn't even fall down. It was such a big Magic Lake, and inside it, there were all sorts of animals. You know how on Earth there are horses? Well, in the Magic Lake, there were seahorses, and you know how on Earth there are cats? Well, in the Magic Lake, there were catfish, elephant fish, giraffe fish, and hippopotamus fish. There was one kind of fish called the person fish. The person fish is something that not many people know about because usually, you have to go on a submarine to visit a person fish. But a person fish is a fish that lives under the ocean, usually. A person fish can talk like a person, but because it's underwater, when the person fish talks, it has to blow bubbles, and the sounds get carried in the bubbles to other person fishes. Person fishes have two legs, but they also have flippers attached to their feet. So they're kind of similar to mermaids, but they're much smaller. They look a little bit like scuba divers. Person fishes look like scuba divers because they have flippers on their feet, but they're much smaller. A person fish is just as big as maybe a kid's hand. What happens if you fall on one? Well, person fish are very slippery, so if you fall on one, it would just slip away. So it wasn't scary.

The person fish saw Nico and saw that she was on the big diamond frog. The diamond frog jumped into the lake that was in the air, and it went in the lake. Nico decided to swim because she had magical swimming powers that only worked in a floating lake. It doesn't work in regular lakes. When she got to the floating lake, she said hello to the seahorse, the catfish with long whiskers like a regular cat, and passed by the giraffe fish. She saw that there was a lionfish, but it was really nice, like a friendly lion. She saw a special kind of fish that could walk on land. Sometimes that fish would jump out of the lake in the sky onto a rock, and sometimes it would jump off the rock back into the lake. There was a unicorn that lived in the floating lake. The unicorn helped the person fishes talk to each other because it would sometimes give the person fishes magical powers that let them talk underwater, even without using bubbles. Nico asked the unicorn for some magic power, and the unicorn said, "Poof poof padoof." Nico got the magic power and started to talk to all her animal friends underwater in the magic floating sea.

Nico and her family lived happily ever after. The end.