Once upon a time, long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Nico. Nico was really famous in her town, and everybody knew who she was because Nico had a butterfly net, and sometimes she would use the butterfly net to catch frogs. Nico was the best kid at catching frogs in the whole world. And sometimes even grownups who wanted to learn how to catch frogs would knock on Nico's door, and Nico and her mom would open the door, and they would say, what is it? And the grownups would ask Nico to teach them how to get so good at catching frogs. And Nico would show all the grownups and also other kids her tricks about how to hide and be quiet and how to camouflage and make sure that a frog can't see you and how to sneakily put in the butterfly net in the lake and how to get the frog and how to be nice to it and to treat it really nicely after you catch it. And she always told the grownups, make sure after you catch a frog, if you're not going to keep it as a pet, you have to put it back. And all the people in Nico's town would listen.

One day, as Nico was walking around, she saw that there was a little stream running through the forest, and in the stream, there was a frog. And the frog was the shiniest frog she had ever seen. The frog's skin looked like it was made of mirrors, and you could see your reflection on the frog skin. And as the frog was hopping about the water, you could see the sky on the frog's back, because it was reflecting from the sky, and you can see your eyes when you looked into the frog. And it always looked like whatever you looked at in the mirror. And Nico knew this was a special frog, so she told her mom and all of the people who were taking frog catching lessons with her to be very quiet while she figured out how to catch the mirror frog.

Well, Nico saw that the mirror frog was going under a pipe and that the pipe was see-through and it looked really small, almost like a big straw. And Nico could see that on the bottom of the straw pipe there was a little, teensy, tiny, little itty bitty diamond. Diamonds are so shiny. And the frog went in and it ate the little diamond up, which a person shouldn't do. And after the frog came out of the little pipe straw and went back into the stream where he was jumping, Nico saw that it became a diamond frog and it was the shiniest frog in the world. And it was worth so much money, because diamonds are worth a lot of money. And everyone would try to go to Colorado, where Nico lives, to look at the diamond frog.

One day, the diamond frog went right up to Nico and said, "Nico, nobody's really going to catch me." And Nico told the diamond frog that it would be okay. The diamond frog told Nico that it could become a big frog and take her for a frog ride through a secret lake. And Nico said okay. So Nico hopped on the diamond frog and the diamond frog started to get bigger and bigger and bigger until the diamond frog was a diamond frog that's as big as a horse, but it still had frog legs and it still said Ribbit, ribbit. And it still had a long tongue that could catch flies, could jump over fences better than horses could. Yeah. And the frog was better at jumping over fences than even good jumping horses, because the frog frogs are really good at jumping high when they're little, so you could imagine how good they are if they have big, strong muscles. And even tadpoles can kind of like, peek up for a second and fall back down. Yeah, even tadpoles could kind of swim fast and peek up for a second.

Well, Nico is really proud to be on a diamond frog ride. And the diamond frog started jumping, with Nico getting on the frog ride all the way to the Magic Lake. The Magic Lake was very silly because the Magic Lake was suspended in the air. It was a lot of water, like a pool of water, but it didn't fall down onto the ground. It just stayed together in the air. Have you ever seen anything like that? What? The water? The Magic Lake. It wasn't in the ground. It stayed in the air the whole time and it didn't even fall down. What the heck? No way. We don't really say that, but that's what it did. It was such a big magic Lake, and inside the Magic Lake, there was all sorts of animals. You know how on Earth there are, like horses? Yeah. Well, in the Magic Lake, there were seahorses and you know how on Earth there are cats? Yeah. Well, in the Magic Lake, there were catfish and there were elephant fish, and there were giraffe fish, and there were hippopotamus fish. And there was one kind of fish which was called the person fish. The person fish is something that not so many people know about because usually you have to go on a submarine to visit a person fish. But a person fish is a fish that lives under the ocean, usually. And a person fish can talk like a person, but because it's underwater, when the person fish talks, the person fish has to blow bubbles, and the sounds get carried in the bubbles to other person fishes. And person fishes have two legs, but they also have flippers that are attached to their feet. So they're kind of a little bit similar to mermaids, but they're much smaller. Like kind of like scuba divers. Yeah, they look a little bit like scuba divers. Person fishes look like scuba divers because on their feet, they have those flippers, but they're much smaller. A person fish is just as big as maybe like a kid's hand. What happens if you fall on one? Well, person fish are very slippery, so if you fall on one, it would just slip away. So it wasn't a scare.

But the person fish saw Nico, and it saw that Nico was on this big diamond frog. And the diamond frog jumped into the lake that was in the air, and it went in the lake. And Nico decided to swim because she had magical swimming powers. And it only worked in a floating lake. It doesn't work in regular lakes. And when she got to the floating lake, she saw the seahorse, and she said hello to the catfish, which had long whiskers, just like a regular cat. She passed by the giraffe fish. She saw that there was a lionfish, but the lionfish was really nice. It was actually like a nice kind of lion. And she saw that there was a special kind of fish that could walk on land. And sometimes that fish would jump out of the lake in the sky onto a rock, and sometimes it would jump off of the rock back into the lake. And there was a unicorn that lived in the floating lake. The unicorn was the one that helped the person fishes talk to each other because the unicorn would sometimes give the person fishes magical powers that let the person fishes talk underwater, even without using bubbles. And so Nico asked the unicorn for some of the magic power, and the unicorn said, poof poof padoof. And Nico got the magic power, and she started to talk to all of her animal friends underwater in the magic floating sea.

And Nico and her family lived happily ever after. The end.