Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Braylin. Braylin lived in a city called Cookie City. In Cookie City, all of the roofs of the houses were made of chocolate chip cookies, and the walls of the houses were also made of different kinds of cookies. There were cookie factories, and there were even cars that had cookies for wheels. There was a bus that had so many different cookies for wheels, and there were ChuChu trains that had cookies for their choo-choo train wheels. They were connected together by different pieces of candy, and with the way the wheels were, not cookies with the wheels, some pasta. There were special machines that made noodles come out of the ChuChu trains as they went, and instead of smoke coming out from behind the car, noodles would come out.

Braylin loved living in this city because everyone in the city loved to laugh. In this city, all of the kids could make the grownups laugh. Kids had so many tricks to make grownups laugh. First, kids could just touch a grownup's face, and whenever the kid touched the grownup's face, they could open the grownup's eyes, and that would make them laugh so much. Another trick that kids could do is whenever they opened up an umbrella in this city, it started to rain confetti. Everyone thought that was so silly.

There was a lake next to a blue lagoon called Google. There was a lake next to a lagoon which had blue water, and the lake was so deep, and out of the lake, you could see some treasures. The kids in the city, which was made out of cookies, always wanted to know what was in the lake because they heard from a genie who came one day floating in the sky. The genie told all of the kids that there was sugar at the bottom of the blue lake, and the kids didn't know if it was true. Braylin told them that she would find out.

Braylin took all of the kids with their parents on an adventure to the lake next to the blue lagoon. When they got to the lake, Braylin had her boat ready. Her boat was the same shape as a banana, but it was way bigger than a banana, and it could fit in two kids and also a doll and a teddy bear. There were also oars so that she could row the boat. The way oars work is you hold them with your hands, and then they stick out into the water, and you could move the oars, and it moves the boat. Braylin and her friends put on some life jackets, and the parents did too. They started going in these long banana boats on the lake next to the big blue lagoon.

When they got in the lake, Braylin told the kids that she smelled something so sugary, and all of the kids started to say, "Yay!" The boat started to slow down as it got to the middle of the lake. Suddenly, mermaids came jumping out of the water. The mermaids told the kids that they should turn around and not go to the middle of the lake because, in the middle of the lake, there was a storm. The storm was raining down so much confetti, and it was getting the lake so dirty, and the kids didn't want to get their boats dirty with confetti either. The mermaids told the kids that they should turn around their banana boats.

Braylin asked the mermaid if they needed any help cleaning up the confetti from the middle of the lake near the blue lagoon. The mermaids said yes. Braylin told the mermaids the way that they would clean up the confetti from the middle of the lake without going to the middle of the lake themselves is by throwing out nets. The confetti would get caught in the nets, and confetti is like colored paper, and it would get caught in the nets. They would reel the nets in, they would pull them in on their banana boats, and then take them out to shore. The mermaids told Braylin that that was a really good idea.

So Braylin and her friends caught all of the confetti from the middle of the lake, and they brought it onto the land. Then they flopped it onto the land, and it was a pile. They started to clean it up, and as they were cleaning it up, a unicorn came along. This was not a regular unicorn because this unicorn looked like it was kind of sick. The unicorn was in a wheelchair because the unicorn's legs were a little bit broken. The unicorn told all of the kids, "I need something like magic medicine to make me feel better." All of the kids said they didn't know where magic medicine was. But Braylin had an idea.

Her idea was to go in her banana boat with her life jacket still on and with a parent watching back into the middle of the lake and to ask the mermaid if the mermaid knew of any magic medicine to make the unicorn feel better. The mermaid said that she did. The mermaid swam to the bottom of the lake, which was near the blue lagoon, and from the bottom of the lake, the mermaid brought out a silverberry. Silverberries are special magic underwater berries that mermaids like to get. The mermaid got a silverberry and brought it all the way to the land where she gave it to Braylin.

Braylin carried the silverberry to the unicorn, and she gave the silverberry to the unicorn, and the unicorn ate it. Suddenly, the unicorn's legs got better, and the unicorn did not need a wheelchair any longer. The unicorn said he was so happy that Braylin saved the day. Braylin said that the mermaid also helped. All of Braylin's friends were watching, and they told Braylin that she did such a good job.

Braylin and her classmates started marching single file all the way back to their houses in the cookie town. As they were going back, they saw a lot of different doggies and kitty cats. Braylin realized that the trick that she could do for grown-ups to make them laugh worked on kitty cats and doggies too. Braylin would touch a doggie or kitty cat's eye gently, and not if the doggie or kitty cat looked scary. The doggy and kitty cat started to laugh just like a person. In this silly cookie town, all of the animals were friendly to all of the kids and all of the grownups, and everyone loved to laugh.

The mayor of the town decided to say that Braylin was the hero. The next day, there was a city parade. The guest of honor was Braylin. Braylin got to go in the middle of the parade, and everyone was clapping their hands and saying, "Hooray! Hooray! Braylin is the hero." Braylin was so happy because the unicorn was marching in the parade also, and it was so healthy and happy. Braylin, the unicorn, and the rest of her friends lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to the story because they will like it.