Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime womb is tonight's makeup story is a request from a listener whose name is Braylin. And Braylin asked for us to make up a story that includes a unicorn, a mermaid, and confetti. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Braylin. Braylin lived in a city called cookie city. And in cookie city, all of the roofs of all of the houses were made of chocolate chip cookies. And the walls of the houses were also made of different kinds of cookies. And there were cookie factories, and there were even cars that had cookies for wheels. And there was a bus that had so many different cookies for wheels. And there were ChuChu trains that had cookies for their choochu train wheels. And they were connected together by different pieces of candy. And with the way were the wheels, not cookies with the wheels, some pasta. And there were special machines that made noodles come out of the ChuChu trains as they went. And instead of smoke coming out from behind the car, noodles would come out. And Braylin loved living in this city because everyone in the city loved to laugh. In this city, all of the kids could make the grownups laugh. Kids had so many tricks to make grownups laughed. First, kids could just touch a grownup's face. And whenever the kid touched the grownup's face, they could open the grownup's eyes, and that would make them go ha and laugh so much. Another trick that kids could do is whenever they opened up an umbrella in this city, it started to rain confetti. And everyone thought that was so silly. And there was a lake next to a blue lagoon called Google. There was a lake next to a lagoon which had blue water, and the lake was so deep, and out of the lake, out of the lake, you could see some treasures. And the kids in the laughed city, which was made out of cookies, used to always want to know what's in the lake, because they heard from a genie who came one day floating in the sky. And the genie told all of the kids that there was sugar on bottom of the blue lake. And the kids didn't know if it was true. And Braylin told them that she would find out. And braylin took all of the kids with their parents on an adventure to the lake next to the blue lagoon. When they got to the lake, braylin had her boat ready. Her boat was the same shape as a banana, but it was way bigger than a banana, and it could fit in two kids and also a doll and a teddy bear. And there were also oars so that she could row the boat. The way oars work is you hold them with your hands, and then they stick out into the water and you could move the oars, and it moves the boat. And so Braylin and her friends put on some life jackets as well as and the parents did too. And they started going in these long banana boats on the lake next to the big blue lagoon. When they got in the lake, Braylin told the kids that she smelled something so sugary, and all of the kids started to say, yay. And the boat started to slow down as it got to the middle of the lake. And suddenly mermaids came jumping out of the water. And the mermaids told the kids that they should turn around and they shouldn't go to the middle of the lake, because in middle of the lake, there was a storm. And the storm was raining down so much confetti, and it was getting the lake so dirty, and the kids didn't want to get their boats so dirty with confetti either. And so the mermaids told the kids that they should turn around their banana boats. And Braylin asked the mermaid if they needed any help cleaning up the confetti from the middle of the lake near the blue lagoon. And the mermaids said yes. And so Braylin told the mermaids the way that they would clean up the confetti from the middle of the lake without going to the middle of the lake themselves is by throwing out nets. And then the confetti would get caught in the nets, and confetti is like colored paper, and we get caught in the nets. And they would reel the nets in, they would pull them in on their banana boats and then take it out to shore. And the mermaids told Braylin that that was a really good idea. So Braylin and her friends, they cut you in the banana boat and then flop it onto land. Yes. And so they caught all of the confetti from middle of the lake, and Braylin and her friends brought it onto the land, and then they flopped it on the land. And when they flopped it onto the land, it was a pile. And they started to clean it up. And as they were cleaning it up, a unicorn came along. And this was not a regular unicorn, because this unicorn looks like it was kind of sick. And this unicorn was in a wheelchair because the unicorn's legs were a little bit broken. And the unicorn told all of the kids, I need something like magic medicine to make me feel better. And all of the kids said they didn't know where magic medicine was. But Braylin had an idea. Her idea was to go in her banana boat with her life jacket still on and with a parent watching back into the middle of the lake and to ask the mermaid if the mermaid knew of any magic medicine to make the unicorn feel better. And the mermaid said that she did. And the mermaid swam to the bottom of the lake, which was near the blue lagoon, and from the bottom of the lake. The mermaid brought out a silverberry. And the silverberry blackberries grow in trees or bushes, rather on land. And raspberries also grow in bushes. And grapes can grow on vines. Well, silverberries are special magic underwater berries that mermaids like to get. And the mermaid got a silverberry and brought it all the way to the land where she gave it to Braylin. And Braylin carried the silverberry to the unicorn, and she gave the silverberry to the unicorn, and the unicorn ate it. And suddenly the unicorn's legs got better, and the unicorn did not need a wheelchair any longer. And the unicorn said he was so happy that Braylin saved the day. And Braylin said that the mermaid also helped. And all of Braylin's friends were watching. And they told Braylin that she did such a good job. And so Braylin and her class started marching single file all the way back to their houses in the cookie town. And as they were going back, they saw a lot of different doggies and kitty cats. And Braylin realized that the trick that she could do for grown ups to make them laugh worked on kitty cats and doggies, too. And so Braylin would touch a doggie or kitty cat's eye gently, and not if the doggie or kitty cat looked scary. And that doggy and kitty cat started to laugh just like a person. And in this silly cookie town, yeah, they went, but in a nice way. And all of the animals in this cookie town were friendly to all of the kids and all of the grownups, and everyone loved to laugh. And the mayor of the town decided to say that Braylin was the hero. And the next day, there was a city parade. And the guest of honor was Braylin. And Braylin got to go in middle of the parade, and everyone was clapping their hands and saying, hooray hooray. Braylin is the hero. And Braylin was so happy because the unicorn was marching in the parade also. And it was so healthy and happy, braylin and the unicorn and the rest of her friends lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.