Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl named Elise. Elise lived on a big beach with white sand. All along the beach, there were big palm trees. Elise told her family, "We have to be careful living next to the beach because a big wave could come. A tsunami can wash everything away." So Elise had a great idea. She told her family they should build a treehouse in the palm trees. This way, the tsunami wouldn't reach the top of the palm trees. You see, the palm trees on Elise's beach were some of the tallest in the world.

These palm trees were so tall, they were almost as tall as redwood trees, and they covered the white, sandy beach where Elise lived. After her family built the treehouse, they had a rope to climb from the top to the bottom. There was also a ladder and a fireman's pole to go up and down. Another way to go up was a funny elevator attached to a rope. But to make the elevator go up, you had to pull the rope, so you kind of pulled yourself up.

Many monkeys lived in the palm trees, and they liked to look at the ocean. They wondered what color the ocean could become. One monkey had an idea. It decided to dig in the sand next to the palm tree to see if there was anything special underneath that made the trees so big. All the monkeys jumped out of the trees, went down to the white sand near Elise's treehouse, and started digging. After digging a lot, the monkeys started to chatter excitedly. Elise slid down the fireman's pole to see what they found. She looked under the sand and saw that the roots of the palm tree were made of crayon at the bottom. The top of the roots looked normal.

Elise wondered, "How can the palm trees be so strong if the roots at the bottom are just crayon? A hot day could melt them!" But then she realized the white sand on top kept them cool from the sun. Even if there was a tsunami, the crayon roots would be safe under the sand. One monkey decided to take a little piece of pink crayon from the root to investigate. The monkey brought it up to Elise, and she thought maybe this special hot pink crayon could do magic.

Elise picked up the crayon and said, "Magic, magic ocean pink." Just as she said that, the ocean turned pink. Elise thought maybe the ocean was blue because a monkey long ago used a blue crayon from a palm tree root and said, "Magic, magic blue." She wanted to see if the magic crayon worked on other things. She pointed at the white sand and said, "Magic, magic pink." The sand started to move and shake, looking like quicksand for a moment, but it was just turning pink. It looked like disco lights under the sand made it flash colors like purple, red, and pink. Finally, all the sand turned hot pink.

Elise pointed at the palm trees and said, "Magic, magic flower." She turned some palm trees into the biggest tulips in the world. The tulips were so big because they used to be tall palm trees. Soon, helicopters came to see the giant flowers, and people arrived on cruise ships, ferries, and trains. A train station was built on the white beach. Everyone enjoyed the pink sand and ocean, and they marveled at the giant flowers. Elise let people take a quick tour of her treehouse if she gave them permission. Many kids loved that, and Elise became the person in charge of the whole pink beach.

Elise became the mayor of the pink beach, which had pink sand, the biggest flowers in the world, and a pink ocean. One day, she told her parents she needed to protect the pink beach from hurricanes or tornadoes. Her parents asked, "What will you do?" Elise had an idea. She would put up a thousand kites at the edge of the beach, tied to strings on the ground. If a hurricane or tornado came, the kites would block the wind and fly away, protecting the flowers and her treehouse. Elise did this, and it worked. Elise and her family lived happily ever after. The end.