Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl whose name was Elise. Elise lived on a big beach that was made up of white sand. And all along the beach, there were some big palm trees. Elise told her family, "We have to be careful living next to the beach because there could be a big wave. A tsunami can come and wash everything away." And so Elise had a good idea. She told her family that they should make a treehouse in the palm trees. And this way, the tsunami wouldn't get all the way to the top of the palm trees. Because it just so happened that on the beach where Elise lived, the palm trees were some of the tallest palm trees in the world.

The palm trees were so big that they were almost as tall as redwood trees, and they were all over the white, sandy beach where Elise lived. Now, the beach that she lived was very funny because after her family built the treehouse where she and her family lived, there was a rope that they could use to get from the top of the treehouse to the bottom. And there was also a different way to get down with a ladder. And there was a firemen pole way of going up. And the other way of going up was really silly. It was an elevator that was attached to a rope. But if you wanted to make the elevator go up, you also had to pull the rope. So you kind of pulled yourself up.

And there were a lot of monkeys that used to live in the palm trees, and the monkeys used to look at the ocean. And as they would look at the ocean, the monkeys used to wonder what color the ocean could become. And one of the monkeys had an idea. The monkey decided that it should dig in the sand right next to the palm tree and see if there was anything special under the palm tree that made them so big. So all of the monkeys jumped out of the palm trees, and they went down to the white sand on the beach near Elise's treehouse, and they started digging and digging and digging. After they dug so much sand, the monkeys started to say, "Ah EEE." And Elise came down the fireman pole from her treehouse to see what the monkeys found. And she looked under the sand, under the white sand next to her palm tree. She saw that the roots of the palm tree were made up of crayon all the way on the bottom. The top of the roots looked regular.

Elise wanted to know, "How could the palm trees be so strong if the roots on the bottom were just made of crayon? Like a hot day could melt it?" But then that's when she realized there was so much white sand on top of it, usually, so it couldn't get hot from the sun. And even if there was a tsunami, then the crayon roots would be all the way under the sand, under the tsunami. So that's how it worked. But one of the monkeys decided he wanted to take a little piece of the root, because usually, regular tree roots aren't made of crayon. They're made of, like, tree stuff. But these were. So the monkey wanted to investigate it. So he took off a little piece of pink crayon from the root all the way at the bottom of the palm tree, and the monkey brought it up to Elise. And Elise looked at the little pink crayon, and it was the color of hot pink. And Elise was trying to figure out if maybe that pink crayon that was at the bottom of the root of the palm tree, which she and her family lived in, in the treehouse on the white sand near the beach. She wondered if she could use that special hot pink crayon to do magic.

So she picked it up with her fingers, and she pointed her hand out, and she said, "Magic, magic ocean pink." And just as she said that, the color of the ocean turned pink. And that's when Elise knew that maybe the ocean was blue because one of the monkeys in the olden days, before there were people, got some blue crayon from the bottom of a palm tree and pointed it at the ocean and said, "Magic, magic blue." And that's how the ocean got to be blue in the first place. But then Elise wanted to see if the magic crayon worked on different things around her. And so then she said she pointed at the sand, which was big white sand, and she pointed at the white sand, and she said, "Magic, magic pink." And just as she said that, all of the sand on the beach started to move around and shake a little bit. And for a second, it looked like it was quicksand, but really it was just turning pink. And it looked like there were disco lights under the sand that made all of the pink sand flash colors, like purple and red and pink. And finally, all of the sand turned hot pink for real.

And Elise looked at the palm trees, and she said, "Magic, magic flower." And she turned some of the palm trees that were away from her house into flowers, and she made the biggest tulips in the whole world. The flowers that Elise made, the tulips that she made with her magic pink crayon that came from the root of the palm tree, they turned into the biggest flowers in the world because originally they were made of those tall palm trees. And suddenly there were helicopters that started to look because who had ever seen such big flowers? Nobody. And there were people that came in, big cruise ships and ferries. And all of a sudden, people started to take trains to where Elise lived. And there was soon a train station on the white beach. And everyone would look to see the biggest flowers in the world, which used to be palm trees. And everyone would enjoy the pink sand and look at the pink ocean, and they would see all of the big flowers. And Elise told people that if she gave them permission, they could go get a quick tour of her treehouse. And a lot of little kids liked that. And Elise ended up being the person in charge of the whole pink beach.

Elise became the mayor of the whole beach. It was called the pink beach and had pink sand, and it had the biggest flowers in the world, and the ocean around it was pink. And one day, Elise told her parents that as mayor of the city, she needed to be careful to make sure that the pink beach was protected against a hurricane or something like that or a tornado. And her parents said, "Well, Elise, what are you going to do?" And Elise had an idea. She told her parents that at the edge of the beach, she was going to put up like a thousand different kites, and all of the kites would be tied to strings on the ground. And if a hurricane or tornado wind came, then the kites would kind of block the hurricane or tornado, and the kites would just fly away. And in that way, even if there was a hurricane or tornado, there would be so many kites tied onto strings that they would just blow that away, and the flowers would be okay. And also Elise's treehouse. And Elise did that idea, and it worked. And Elise and her family lived happily ever after. The end.