Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a little kid named Jesse. Jesse lived in a city made of many magnet tiles. All the houses in the city were made of magnet tiles, and all the streets had magnet tiles on them. The cars were little magnet tile cars, and there were even little people that lived in the city. Jesse loved magnet tiles and was great at building things with them. Sometimes, Jesse even built a bank with a vault made out of magnet tiles. Jesse's big brother, Jonah, was the mayor of the city, and he had a rule for the magnet tile city. The rule was that no Power Wheels Jeeps could go on the magnet tiles. If you had a Power Wheels Jeep and wanted to drive through the magnet tile city, you had to attach a rope to the top of your jeep and then put the top of the rope on a helicopter. The helicopter would lift up the Power Wheels and fly through the city. When kids were in the Power Wheels attached to the helicopter, it felt a bit like a swing.

If people drove with magnet tiles when they weren't supposed to, like driving Power Wheels in the streets of the magnet tile city, the mayor, Jonah, had many police officers who could give you a ticket. The police in the Magnatile City were no ordinary police. They were police from the future, and their homes were on different planets. They were kind of like alien police, but they lived on Earth. Since aliens love to use electricity and play with magnets, they decided to live in the magnet tile city. Usually, everyone in the magnet tile city followed the rule and didn't use Power Wheels Jeeps on the magnet tile roads. 

But one night, while all the kids were sleeping in their magnet tile houses, and there were no cars on the magnet tile roads, and all the magnet tile cats and dogs were sleeping, a Power Wheels Jeep appeared. It was driven by a little baby giant. The baby giant was still about the size of a regular person and could fit in the Power Wheels because it was just born. When giants are just born, they're about the same size as a regular five or six-year-old. So the one-day-old baby giant was driving the Power Wheels through the street.

Suddenly, an alien police officer from a different planet called Mayor Jonah using an invisible telephone. Jonah answered, and the alien police officer told him that there was a baby giant driving the Power Wheels through the city. Jonah asked how big the person in the Power Wheels was, and the police officer, who had two mouths, asked the giant how old it was. The giant said it was one day old, and the police officer told Jonah that it was just a baby giant. Jonah said to tell the giant that because it didn't know the rules, it was okay, but not to do it again. The police officer told the giant, "You are forgiven, but do not drive the Power Wheels on the magnet tiles again." The giant understood and knew it wasn't allowed to drive a Power Wheels in the magnet tiles.

Mayor Jonah went to see what happened and saw the baby giant in the Power Wheels. It was just turning into morning, and the sun was rising. Jonah told the baby giant that it could try to leave the Power Wheel City but needed to be careful because there was a big cliff on the other side. The baby giant agreed and started to drive off. Jonah asked if he could come along, and the baby giant said yes. Jesse, Jonah's younger brother, also asked if he could go in the Power Wheels, and the giant agreed. So Jonah and Jesse joined the baby giant in the Power Wheels, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.