Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a toddler whose name was Jesse. Jesse lived in a city that was made of so many magnet tiles. And all of the houses in the city were made of magnet tiles. And all of the streets had magnet tiles on them. And all of the cars were little magnetile cars, and there were even little people that went in the city. And the toddler, Jesse, loved magnet tiles, and he was so good at building things with magnetiles. Sometimes Jesse even built a bank with a vault made out of magnet tiles. His big brother Jonah was the mayor of the city, and Jonah had a rule for the magnet tile city. The rule was no Power Wheels Jeeps can go on the magnet tiles. If you had a Power wheels jeep and you wanted to drive through the magnet tile city, then what you had to do is attach a jeep, attach a rope to the top of your power wheels jeep and then you put the top of the rope on a helicopter and the helicopter has to lift up the power wheels and it could only fly through the city. And if kids are on the power wheels when it's attached to a helicopter, then it feels a little bit like a swing. 

Well, if people drive with magnet tiles when they're not supposed to, like, for example, if you drive Power Wheels in the streets of the magnetile cities and you're not supposed to, then the mayor of the city, whose name is Jonah, has a lot of police that could come and give you a ticket. Now, the police in the Magnatile City were no ordinary police. The police were police from the future, and their homes were on different planets. So they were kind of like alien police, but they got to Earth. And because aliens love to use electricity and love to play with magnets, that is why the aliens decided to live in the magnet tile city. And usually everyone in the magnetile city did not use a Power Wheels Jeep to go on the magnetile roads. But one day in the middle of the night, while all the kids were sleeping in their magnetile houses, and when there were no cars on the magnetile roads. And when all of the magnetile kitty cats and all of the doggies who lived in the magnetile city were sleeping, there was a Jeep, and it was a Power Wheels Jeep. And it was driven by a little baby giant. It was still kind of the size of a regular person. And the baby giant could fit in the Power Wheels. But that's because it was just born. When giants are just born, they're about the same size as, like a six year old person, regular person. So when you're one day old, if you're a giant, then you're the same size as a regular, like five or six year old. So the baby giant was just one day old, and the baby giant was sitting in the Power Wheels. 

The baby giant went on the Power Wheels through the street. Suddenly a police officer who was an alien from a different planet put his finger next to his mouth and his other finger by his ear, and he said, "Attention, Mayor Jonah." And it was able to call right to Jonah and a telephone that was invisible rang in Jonah's hand. And Jonah picked up the invisible telephone and said, "Police, what is it?" And the alien police officer told Jonah that there was a baby giant. It was just a one day old giant, and that the giant was driving the Power Wheels through the city. 

And so Jonah, the mayor, told the police officer, "Well, how big is the person in the Power Wheels?" And the police officer, who was an alien, he had two mouths, and so he was able to talk with one mouth in the back of his head and with one mouth in the front of his head. And so the alien police officer asked the giant, "How old are you?" And the giant said, "One day old." And then the alien police officer, because he spoke so many languages since he was from a different planet, he knew that meant that the giant was just one day old. It was a baby giant. Jesse and then he told Jonah, the mayor, that it was just a one day old giant. And Jonah said, "Tell the giant that because it didn't know the rules, it is okay, but not to do it again." And so the police officer started to talk to the alien and he said, "You are forgiven, but do not drive the Power Wheels on the magnet tiles again." And the alien knew what that meant. When the alien police officer said that, the giant immediately understood that he wasn't allowed to drive a Power Wheels in the magnetiles. 

And so the mayor named Jonah asked to see what happened. He went down and he saw there was a baby Giant. And the baby giant was really in a Power Wheels, and it was just turning into morning. The sun was just rising, and a lot of grownups were still sleeping. And the mayor named Jonah told the baby giant that it could try to go out of the Power Wheel City, but it needed to be careful because there was a big, big cliff on the other side. And the baby giant said, "Okay, I understand. You don't have to worry." And it started to drive off. And then Jonah said, "Wait. Can I come with you?" And the baby giant said, "Yes, you can." And then Jesse, who is Jonah's younger brother, said, "Can I go in the Power Wheels also?" And then the alien said, "Yes, you can." And so Jonah and Jesse fit in the Power Wheels with the baby Giants and the baby Giants, and Jonah and Jesse and his baby China. Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.