Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Jordan. Every night, Jordan's mama would read her a book. One day, a new book arrived in the mail. Jordan opened the cardboard box with a butter knife, and her mom watched. When they opened it, they saw that this was a special book. Regular books had pages made of paper with drawings, but this book was made of plastic, and it had water in the pages! There were real fishies swimming around inside the book. As they read the story, the fishies would swim from the beginning to the end of the book.

Jordan's mama started reading the book, and Jordan tried to play and get lots of attention. Her mama said, "Jordan, it's okay. You can listen because you're important." So Jordan listened to the book. The story was about a girl named Jordan who went into a real ocean. She didn't have to swim because she got a ride on a whale. Many people like to go on horse rides, which kids can sometimes do on ponies. But whale rides are different because whales are slippery and in the water. So when you get a whale ride, you have to be careful not to slip off. That's why Jordan always knew the special whale ride rule: always use a seatbelt.

Luckily, Jordan's whale friend, Willie, had a seatbelt. Willie would strap Jordan onto his back, and sometimes they would go deep into the ocean. One day, they went so far that there were no boats around. They found a big island on the back of a huge turtle. The turtle was as big as a whole country! Its shell was the ground for the island, so all the people and animals lived on the back of this big, big turtle.

The people on the island were curious about the turtle they lived on. One person wondered where the turtle came from because it was so big. Jordan heard another person say that maybe under the big turtle was another turtle holding it up, and under that turtle was another turtle. There was a row of turtles holding each other up, all the way to the bottom of the ocean. On the very top was Turtle Island, where all the people and animals lived on a turtle shell.

Willie the Whale dropped Jordan off at Turtle Island. There, she saw some special things. The moon was much closer to the ground than on Earth. It was so close that if you jumped really high, you could touch the moon! All the animals and friends on the turtle shell loved to play there because they could float around on the moon.

Jordan jumped from the top of the turtle and reached the moon. On the moon, she found a scooter and started scooting around, leaving a trail of moon dust behind her. It was fun to use a scooter on the moon because it was easier to go faster.

But there wasn't much air on the moon, so people had a big bubble machine. Inside the bubbles was air. When someone wanted to breathe, they pressed the bubble machine, and big bubbles came out. They would pop the bubble with their head and breathe in the air from inside the bubble. It was really fun to be on this moon.

Soon, Jordan heard Willie the Whale calling for her because it was time to go home. She jumped off the moon, back onto the turtle shell, and said goodbye to all her special friends. Then she hopped back on Willie the Whale. Willie put on her seatbelt and swam through the ocean until they reached the shore. Willie dropped Jordan off at her house, where her mama was reading the story with water and fishies in it. After her mama finished reading, she said, "Good night, Jordan," and Jordan went to sleep. Jordan and her family lived happily ever after. The end.