Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. I'm your host, Steve. If you like the story I'm about to tell, please subscribe and tell your friends. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a listener who's a big girl named Jordan. And Jordan asked for us to make up a story that includes a whale and a turtle. And we're also going to add a moon and some air to the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Jordan. And Jordan's mama used to read Jordan a book every night. One day, a new book came in the mail. Jordan opened up the box, which was made of cardboard using a butter knife, and Jordan's mom was watching. When they opened it up, they saw that this was a special book, because regular books had pages made out of paper and had some drawings in it. But this book was made out of plastic, and it had water in the pages, and there were real fishies who were in the water in the pages, and the fishies got to swim around the book. And as he read the story, the fishies would go from the beginning of the book to the end of the book. Well, Jordan's mama started reading the book, and Jordan started to rile her a little bit and to try to play and get a lot of attention. And as Jordan tried to get so much attention, her mama said, jordan, it's okay. You could listen to you're important. And Jordan started to listen to the book. The book was about a girl named Jordan who went into a real ocean. When she went into the real ocean, she didn't have to swim because she got a ride on a whale. A lot of people like to go on horse rides. Horse rides is something that kids could do, sometimes on ponies. And when you go on a pony or you go on the horse, you get on top of the pony and horse, and you start to ride. But whale rides are very different because whales are slippery and whales are in the water. So when you get a whale ride, you have to be careful not to slip off. And that's why Jordan always knew the special whale ride rule, and that was to always use a seatbelt. Well, lucky for Jordan, the whale, who was her friend, whose name was Willie, had a seatbelt. And Willie would strap Jordan onto Willie. And sometimes they would go deep into the ocean. Sometimes they would go so far in the ocean that there weren't even any boats. And one day, when they went so far into the ocean, jordan found a big island. The island was on the back of a big turtle. The turtle was so big, it was as big as a whole country. If you take a tree and you put that tree on top of another tree, and you do a lot of trees. A lot of trees. 100 trees, and they go all the way up. And then you put a mountain on top of the tree, and then you put a building on top of the mountain. And then on top of the building, you put an airplane, and you keep stacking different things on top of it, like different kinds of toys. That is how big this turtle was. And the turtle's shell was the ground for an island. So all of the people and all of the animals that lived on this island really lived on the back of a big, big turtle. And the people on the island were so curious about the turtle whose back they lived on, and one of the people said, oh, we wonder where the turtle whose back we live on came from, because how could there be such a big turtle? And Jordan heard another person on the island say that maybe under the turtle with the big, big back, there was another turtle holding it up. And that turtle had a little bit of a smaller back. And under that turtle there was another turtle. And there was a row of turtles each holding each other up that went all the way to the bottom of the ocean. And on the very top was the Turtle Island, where all of the people and all of the animals got to live on a turtle shell. Well, Willie the Whale dropped Jordan off at the Turtle Island. And when Jordan was at the Turtle Island, she saw that there were some special things. First of all, the moon was not so far away from the ground. When you're on planet Earth, the moon is usually pretty far from the ground. It takes three days to get there. It's way too high to get to using a ladder. You can't even get to the moon if you jump so high on a trampoline. And you also can't get to the moon if you go on top of the tallest building. You even can't get to the moon in a regular airplane that goes in the sky. You can only get to the moon today using a rocket ship. But maybe one day, when you grow up, there will be different ways to get to the moon. And so the moon on the back of the turtle shell was much closer than the moon on Earth. It was so close to the turtle shell that if you jumped really high, you could touch the moon. And all of the animals and all of the friends that lived on the back of this turtle shell loved to play there, because if they ever wanted to see what it's like to float, they could just jump on the moon. And because there's not as much gravity on the moon, things are not so heavy. And so people get to float around a little bit. So Jordan went on a ride from the top of the turtle, she jumped and she reached onto the moon. When she got onto the moon, she saw that somebody had left a scooter. And so Jordan started scooting around the moon. As she scooted around the moon, she left a trail of moon dust behind her. And it was pretty fun to use a scooter on the moon, because when you use a scooter on Earth, the wheels go all the way down to the Earth and they push hard against the ground. But on the moon, the wheels don't push so hard against the ground, so it's easier to go faster. And Jordan had a lot of fun as she was on the moon on her scooter. But there wasn't so much air on the moon. And because there wasn't so much air on the moon that was on the top of the Turtle shell, people had to use something different. And the thing that people did is they had a big bubble machine. And inside of bubbles are airs, are air and is air. And so whenever somebody wanted to breathe, they would press the bubble machine and bubbles would come out. And these were really big bubbles that could be as big as a person's head. And the person would pop the bubble with their head, and they would breathe in some air from the inside of the bubble. And it was really fun to be on this moon. But soon Jordan heard her whale, Willie, call for her, because it was time for Jordan to go back home. And Jordan got jumped off of the moon, back onto the turtle shell, and she said goodbye to all of her special friends that were on the Turtle Shell, and she hopped back on Willie the Whale. And Willie the Whale put on her seatbelt, and he started swimming through the ocean until he got all the way back to the shore. When Willie the Whale got back to the shore, willie the Whale dropped off Jordan at her house. And when Jordan went back to her house, she saw that her mama was in middle of reading a story and that this story had so much water and fishies in it. And after her mama finished reading the story, her mama said, good night, Jordan, and Jordan went to sleep, and Jordan and her family lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. Today's story was a little bit silly, so we're going to give you a behind the scenes look at what it was like to record. I mean, do something. No, I was just talking to it. Okay, today is a makeup story regress for somebody named Jordan and a big girl. Yeah. And she wanted a turtle. Okay, now I'll do the rest. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a big girl named Jordan, who asked for us to make up a story that includes a whale and a turtle. And we're also going to add a moon to the story and some air. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Jordan. But we gotta be quiet. Gotta be quiet. I'll start. Bunny, I have to drop you to make you open your mouth. Yes. Okay, now I'm going to say try not to interrupt this time. Tonight's makeup story is a request from Fake. Okay. All right, let's try again. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a listener named Jordan. Jordan is a big girl and asked for us to make up a story that includes a whale and also a turtle, and we're going to add a moon to the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago shaking me. Okay, now let's try for real. Don't distract me. Okay. Tonight's makeup story okay, buddy, we have to be serious. Okay, let's try again. Tonight's makes up story is a request from a big girl whose name is Jordan. And Jordan asks for us to make up a story that includes a whale and a turtle. And we're going to add we're going to add we're gonna we're gonna add a mood and some air to the story. Okay, we have to stop laughing. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a laugh. Okay, me. All right. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a big girl named Jordan. Makes me laugh. Okay, I'm gonna try again. Okay, try again. You have to at least let me try. Okay, tonight's makeup story is a request from a big girl who's a listener, and her name is Jordan. And Jordan asks for us to make up a story that includes a whale and a turtle, and we're going to add a moon to the story and some air. Okay, now let's listen to the story. Stop trying to rile me. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Jordan. And Jordan used to go to sleep every night. And sometimes before she went to sleep, jordan's mama read her a book. And Jordan got a new book in the mail one day, and the new book had a blue cover. But instead of having paper pages, the pages in this book were made out of plastic, and they had water in middle of them and body. Okay, all right, let's try again. Right? Don't distract me. All right, make your surest. Okay, tonight's makeup story is request from a listener. You're not trying to make sure. All right, we need to try one last time. All right, last time. So don't distract me. All.