Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime womb is hi. My name's river Number Four. I have a baby brother named Indy. He's six months old. I live in Eugene, Oregon. I'll take a story about me and baby Indy. Ninja ninja turtles holes writing. One writing a skateboard, and one riding a bike, and one riding a scooter. Thank you. Tonight's makesup story is a request from a four year old boy named river. And river lives in Eugene, Oregon and has a baby brother named Indy. And river asked for us to make up a story that includes three Ninja turtles. And one Ninja turtle rides a skateboard, and the other Ninja turtle rides a bicycle, and the third Ninja turtle rides a scooter. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was river. And river lived in a house in Eugene, Oregon. And when he looked outside of the window, it looked so foggy. And he said, mom, it's so foggy outside, I can hardly see. And his mom said, River, I don't think that's fog. I think that is smoke. And river said, oh, no, what should we do? And his mom said, let's stay inside for a few days. And river said, okay. And river and his baby brother Indy started to play a game. The game they played is they would dress up as turtles, and they had to crawl on the floor, but they weren't regular turtles because river dressed up as a Ninja Turtle. Ninja Turtles wear bands around their heads, and Ninja Turtles have special abilities. And the Ninja Turtle that river dressed up as was so strong and so fast and so good at jumping. And his baby brother Indy also dressed up as a Ninja turtle, but all he could do was crawl a little bit. As river and Indy were playing inside and pretending to be Ninja turtles, well, they saw that there was a magical door in the back of their house that wouldn't get built. Mine so smoky. Well, they saw that there was a magical door outside to go outside their house that led to a secret tunnel and the secret tunnel outside of their house, when you opened the door, it had kind of like a rainbow covering on top of it, and it blocked out all of the smoke, and it led to an underground tunnel. Well, river and Indy and River's mom decided to go in the tunnel. And when they got in the tunnel, they saw that there was a slide. And they went down the slide into the tunnel, and they heard some sounds like, he wow. What under the ground? And river said, mom, what is that? What is that? And when they got to the bottom of the slide, they saw there was an underground playground. And in the underground playground, there was a skate park. A skate park is a park that has, like, hills that people could skateboard up and down and in the skate park. Do you know who was there? Who? It wasn't regular kids. It was real Ninja Turtles. And one of the Ninja Turtles in the skate park was on a skateboard. The skateboard that the Ninja Turtle was on had no wheels, and it just floated above the ground. And there was another Ninja Turtle that was on a bicycle. And the bicycle was so silly because its wheels were sideways, but it still went, and it also floated. And there was a third Ninja Turtle who was really big and very green looking, and that Ninja Turtle was on a scooter. The scooter that he was on was so silly because the scooter didn't have regular wheels. Instead, it had tennis balls that would turn around. And the Ninja Turtles, one of them was holding an ice cream, and the other Ninja Turtle was holding a popsicle. And the third Ninja Turtle, the one on the scooter, was holding a cake. And river looked at his mom and he said, mom, I didn't know this underground Ninja Turtle place existed at the end of this secret tunnel. And just as he said that, all of the Ninja Turtles looked at him. And do you know what the Ninja Turtles said? They said hump hump hump and they started to march. They marched up and down the skate park, and when they got to the top, they said, river, follow us. Indy, follow us. And river and Indy started marching with their mom to the top of the skate park, where they found do you know what they found there, bud? What? Swings. And the swings were upside down swings where instead of swinging on the bottom and going uppie, you swang on the top, and there was a seatbelt holding you onto the swing, and you went down. And it was so much fun, but a little bit scary. And so Indy, River's baby brother, started to cry, and the three Ninja Turtles that were on a skateboard that had no wheels, a bicycle that had wheels that were sideways, and a scooter that had tennis balls for wheels, all of them plopped upside down. And the ice cream fell, and the popsicle fell, and the cake fell onto people's head, and it macked all the way on the floor of the skate park. And Indy, River's baby brother, started crying some more, and river said, It's okay. These are Ninja Turtles, and they have super duper ways to clean. And he asked the Ninja Turtles, do you guys have super duper ways to clean? And the ninja turtles said yes. And suddenly they took river down from the swing using a pole that he got to slide down. Yeah. And the pole was so fun to slide down. And river said, Wee. And he slid to the bottom of the pole. And when he got to the bottom of the pole, the Ninja Turtles said, Clean up time. And they were about to do a really special trick, because the way Ninja Turtles clean is not the way regular kids clean. And it's not, like, boring. It's really fun. The Ninja Turtles had the most special cleaning invention ever. The way it worked is it was kind of like a tractor, and you got to sit on the tractor. So all of the Ninja Turtles sat on the tractor, and then they told river that he could sit on the tractor, and there was a little car seat in the tractor for his baby brother Indy. And River's mom got to watch, and they started to go in the tractor. But it wasn't a regular tractor that had such big wheels. This tractor was attached to skateboards, and the way it cleaned is that a big vacuum cleaner under the tractor. And when you went on the tractor, it spun round and round and round. And then the vacuum clean made a global glurbal global sound, and it cleaned up all of the ice cream and popsicle and cake quick as can be. And then some lights started flashing, and it started saying ding dong whenever you honked the horn. It didn't just make a honk noise. It made, like, a ringing the doorbell noise. And river thought this cleaning machine was the most fun ever. And do you know what his brother Indy did? His brother Indy spilled his bottle all over the ground. Do you know why? Because he wanted to use the cleaning machine again. And river said Indy. No. We're not supposed to make another mess. But just as he said that, the Ninja Turtle said, it's okay. You could use the machine again. And they started to use the cleanup machine, and it was so much fun. Well, River's mom said they're going to have to head home soon. But instead of going up the slideway through the secret tunnel that went through to their house, they went through the ice cream shop way. Now, the underground ice cream shop, instead of having people that gave the ice cream, there were turtles that gave the ice cream. And instead of regular sized cones that were like little, there were cones that were as big as people. And you have to start eating it. Yeah. And you have to start eating it. So do you eat it to the bottom and then you crunch up the cone? Yeah, you eat it to the bottom and then crunch up the cone. But guess what? The Ninja Turtle ice cream was so special, it didn't even melt. Yeah, it was like magic. It didn't melt. Yeah, it was like magic. Well, maybe after a long time, it melted, but it after 200 years. Yeah, like after 200 years or something. Well, river got some ice cream, and his baby brother Indy got some. And you know what Indy did? He put it in his bottle, and he started shaking up the bottle. Instead of drinking milk, he drank ice cream. And river's mom thought that was so silly. And they went up the secret ladder to go back to River's house. And when they looked out the window, the smoke went away, and river and Indy and his whole family and the Ninja Turtles lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.