Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Teddy. Teddy lived in Vermont, and sometimes he liked to go with his parents to the playground. One time, Teddy and his sister Ren were at the playground, digging through some sand. Under the sand, they found a toothbrush! But this toothbrush was different. It didn't have a button to make it work. Instead, it worked when you picked it up with your feet. And it wasn't for brushing teeth; it was for brushing toes!

When you brushed your toes with this special toothbrush before bedtime, it made sure that your nails couldn't fall off or get longer. And guess what? If you brushed your toenails with this toothbrush, you wouldn't get any scrapes or boo boos! Teddy and Ren were so excited about their special find.

They showed their mom and dad the special toothbrush and told them how it worked. Ren tried it out and then went on a swing. She fell off the swing, but it didn't hurt because of the magic toothbrush! Teddy tried it too, and he didn't get a boo boo either.

Soon, other kids at the playground wanted to try the magic toothbrush. Teddy and Ren let them take turns, and everyone was amazed at how it worked. Teddy then had a great idea. He thought that if his whole family used the toothbrush, they could all go on a rocket ship to outer space! They wouldn't need astronaut suits because the magic toothbrush would help them breathe.

Teddy's parents were surprised but decided to give it a try. They found that they could breathe without opening their mouths or noses, all thanks to the toothbrush! Ren even discovered that if you put the toothbrush in your ear, everything you heard sounded like music.

So, Teddy and his family decided to go on a rocket ship adventure. They found a rocket ship near a circus in Vermont and told the astronauts about their magic toothbrush. The astronauts were impressed and let Teddy, Ren, and their parents join them on a trip to outer space.

In space, they saw amazing things like grape planets and grape aliens. They even saw athlete aliens playing baseball with the grape planets! Teddy and Ren had so much fun building Grape Light castles out of grapes and little stars.

While they were in outer space, they met a tortoise who wanted to go back to Earth with them. Teddy and Ren said it was okay, and they shared some of the magic toothpaste with the tortoise so it could live on Earth. Together, they all took the rocket ship back to Vermont.

And so, Teddy, Ren, their parents, and the tortoise all lived happily ever after in Rutland, Vermont. The end.