Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Daniel. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi, my name is Eddie, and I live in Wetland, Vermont. I'm on five and on a story about astronaut playing baseball and a little star and a flying toy. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Teddy, who lives in Rutland, Vermont, with his sister Ren, and who turns six years old today on March 9. And so we want to say, happy birthday, Teddy. Happy birthday, Teddy. And Teddy asked for us to make up a story that includes an astronaut playing baseball, a little star, and a flying tortoise. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Teddy. Teddy lived in Vermont, and sometimes he liked to go with his parents to the playground. One time when Teddy was in a playground, he was digging through some sand with his sister Ren, and under the sand, they found a toothbrush. The toothbrush looked a little bit different than regular toothbrushes, because to make the toothbrush go, you didn't press a button. The toothbrush went whenever you picked it up with your feet. And the toothbrush wasn't for brushing teeth. The toothbrush was for brushing toes. And whenever you brushed your toes before you went to bed, it made sure that your nails couldn't fall off and they couldn't get longer. And also, if you brushed the special toothbrush on your toenails, then do you know what happened? What? What happened was you would not be able to get any scripts and scraps or scrapes. And if you fell down, you couldn't get a boo boo. Would you feel that? If you got a boo boo and you have this special kind of if you put the toothbrush on your toes and then you got a booboo after, you wouldn't even feel the boo boo. And so, Teddy, get out of town. No, really, bud. That's why it was a special thing that Teddy and his sister Ren found in a sandbox. And Teddy said, look, mom. Look, dad, I found a special kind of toothbrush. And it looks like it's supposed to brush toes. And when you brush it, your toes feel so nice, and you can't get any boo booze. And Teddy's sister Ren said, let me try it. And she tried it. And then Ren went on a swing, and she fell off the swing. But do you know what happened? What? It didn't hurt because she had that magic toothbrush that went on her toes. And Teddy then decided to try to jump off a climbing structure, and it also worked. And he didn't get a boo boo. In real life, that doesn't work. So I wouldn't recommend jumping off something too high. But in makeup, when you put this kind of toothbrush on you, then you can't get a boo boo. Well, Teddy and his sister Ren were trying out the magic toothbrush so many times when a lot of different kids came to the playground, and all of the kids said, I want to try it. I want to try it. And Teddy and Ren told the kids to make a long line. And when it was their turn, Teddy would say, Beep. And then Ren would let them use it. And all of the kids in the playground made a long line, and they said, I want to go. I want to go. And then Teddy would say, beep. And he would let the kid have the toothbrush go on their toenails, and then the kid would never be able to get a boo boo again. Well, this was really fun. And all of the kids in the playground were so happy that Teddy and Ren found it. When Teddy suddenly had an idea, he said, Mom, Dad, I can't really get any boo boo now. And Ren can't either. If you guys try it on your toes, then you'll never be able to get a boo boo also. So how about we all try it, and then we can take a rocket ship to outer space? And I bet you in outer space, we're also going to be able to breathe because of the magic toothbrush. And Teddy's parents said, well, I didn't know the magic toothbrush could help you breathe. And Teddy said, look. And he started brushing his dad's teeth. And his dad was so surprised he was able to breathe without even opening his mouth. Oh, was it his nose? And his nose was closed at the same time. Bud it was because of the toothbrush that he was able to earn breath. Well, then Ren said, well, how about if we put the toothbrush in your ear? And Ren's mom said and Ren's mom said, okay, try it in my ear. And Teddy put the toothbrush in his mom's ear. And do you know what happened? What? Everything that anyone said to Teddy and Ren's mom sounded like music. So if you said, like, mom, can I go on the slide? Then that would sound like almost like you were singing Wheels on the Bus, but your mom would still understand what you wanted. Yeah, it really worked. So it made everything into a song if you put it in your ears. And it was a very special toothbrush. Mom, can I go on a slide? That's what it would sound like. Yeah. And it was a very special toothbrush. And because Teddy and his parents used it, they decided to go on the rocket ship that was parked next to Vermont near the circus. And when they got to the rocket ship, they told the astronauts that they wanted to go to outer space because they didn't even need astronaut suits because they could breathe in outer space. And the astronauts were so impressed, and they said, Teddy, Ren, that is amazing. You guys have this magic toothbrush, and you can't get boo booze and your mom hears everything as music, and you can breathe in outer space. And Teddy and Ren told the astronaut that they found it in a sandbox. And the astronaut said, all right, get on the rocket ship. And Teddy and his sister Ren and their parents climbed up to the rocket ship, and they strapped themselves into the rocket ship. And the astronaut said, Three, two, one, blast off. And Teddy said, well, why didn't you just count from ten? And the astronaut said that this is the super fast kind of rocket ship that you only have to count from three. And it blasted off when they said Take off. And it went all the way high up. It went zoom fast, and it went all the way high up to space. And in space, Teddy saw that there were lots of different planets that were attached to each other. And these were called the grape planets. It was planets that were made out of grapes. And the grapes were so big and so humongous that they were entire planets. And there were big aliens that lived in outer space, and some of those aliens were called grape aliens. No way. Yeah, the grape aliens. But they loved to eat those planets made out of grapes. And there were different kind of aliens called athlete aliens. And those athlete aliens, they didn't like to eat the grape planets. What they liked to do is play baseball with it. So they would play catch with the great planets, or one of them would hit it with a baseball bat. And it was a lot of fun for all of those aliens. And Teddy and his sister Ren got to see it. I thought you would just do this. And they just make a grape tower and eat holes in it. Yes. And Teddy and Ren decided in outer space, because they could breathe, they could make so many towers in outer space, and it wouldn't be like a sand castle, because you could make the towers in outer space out of little stars. There's a lot of stars in outer space that are really big, like, as big as the sun. But there's also some stars that are there's also some stars that are only as big as, like, a light bulb, and that's why they look small in the sky. And so some of the stars that are only as big as light bulbs, those are the kinds of stars where you could just kind of pick the star up and take it out of where it is. And then if you put it next to the grapes, then you can make a grape Light tower on the bottom. You put a grape, and then right on top of it, you put a little star, the kind that's like a light bulb, and then you put another grape on top of that, and then you get another little star and put it on top of the grape and that's how you make a Grape Light castle. And that was so much fun for Teddy and his sister Ren and their parents to do in outer space. Well, they were done with their castle, and there was a turtle, a tortoise that was flying by in outer space, and the turtle was looking at the Grape Light castle that Teddy and Ren built out of grapes and little stars. And the turtle said it was so nice. And he asked if he could go back to Planet Earth and to Rutland, Vermont, with Teddy and his sister. And Teddy said it's okay, and Ren told the Tortoise that it could use some of the magic toothpaste so that it could live on Earth. And the Tortoise took the rocket ship back to Earth with Teddy and his family, and they all lived happily ever after in Rutland, Vermont. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Daniel. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Daniel. I live in Oman. I want to say hello to Arctica.