Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Troy. Troy was one of the best kids at playing hide and seek. He knew all sorts of special ways to hide that made it not so easy for other people to find him. One of Troy's special tricks when he was hiding is he would tell his mom and dad that they had to close their eyes and they had to look the other way, and they also had to cover their eyes. And then Troy told his parents that they had to count not to ten, but all the way up to 20. And while they were counting, Troy would put on a ninja costume so quickly, and Troy would go running, using the ninja costume and hide in so many good places, like in the closet. One time, he hid in a box, and Troy had so many good places to hide. And when he was using his ninja costume, usually the grownups had to give up. And Troy's mom would say, "Troy, you win. Where are you?" And Troy would laugh so much, and he would show them the hiding spot, and then they wouldn't be able to believe that he was able to hide there.

Well, one day, Troy decided to play hide and go seek with his parents. And Troy put on the special ninja costume, and he had a really good way of hiding behind the curtains where it looked like the curtains were regular because his clothes were the same color. And as Troy went to hide, he saw that in his hiding place, there was a different ninja, and the ninja was named Lloyd. Lloyd the ninja was so sneaky, it was hard for Troy to even see him. Even though Troy was dressed up as a ninja, Lloyd the ninja was a captain ninja. In the ninja world, there are a lot of regular ninjas. And those regular ninjas, well, they're pretty good at hiding. They're pretty good at going fast. They could do sick tricks. They could do cartwheels and acrobatics. But regular ninjas can't use power tricks. Only captain ninjas can do power tricks. And a captain ninja could have special kinds of things, like they could change the color of their costume so that it blends in with wherever they are, and it's camouflaged so the way it works is Captain Ninjas, which is what Lloyd, the ninja, was, they get on a kind of costume that's similar to, like, chameleon skin. And chameleons are a type of animal that could change colors. And so the way it works is Captain Ninjas will put on a kind of fabric, a kind of soft thing that's like the chameleon suit. And so they could change colors, and they're better at hiding. Captain Ninjas are also better at other things. For example, Captain Ninjas are really, really good at jumping. A Captain Ninja can use jump power. And the way it works is they push down on the bottom of their shoes, and as they push down, there's a button at the bottom of their shoes, and their button hits the ground. And then it makes the shoes spring up like more than a trampoline. It could make a Captain Ninja jump as high as a house. So a Captain Ninja, if they want to hide and their mom or dad is looking for them, they could use the button on their shoes to spring up to the roof, and they could hide on the roof. Usually they don't do that unless a parent is watching, though. So that's just a sick trick.

Well, Troy was really happy to find Lloyd because Lloyd was the first Captain Ninja he ever met. And so Troy told Lloyd, the Captain Ninja, that he was hiding from his parents and that soon they would hear his parents say, "Troy, where are you?" And Troy told the ninja named Lloyd that he had a good idea. He said, because the ninja named Lloyd is so good at camouflage and changing his skin, maybe the ninja named Lloyd could pretend to be Troy and make his face look like Troy. And then Troy could keep hiding. Well, the ninja named Lloyd said that was a good idea. So he changed his ninja face, his Captain Ninja face to look like Troy. And then when Troy's mom and dad came out of the room, came into the room, and they started looking around before they got to the curtains, the ninja named Lloyd jumped out and said, "I'm here. I'm here." And Troy's parents looked at the person who is there, and they said, "Is that really you, Troy? You sound a little bit different." And Troy said, "Yeah, it's me." But really, it wasn't Troy saying that. It was the Captain Ninja named Lloyd, who is dressed up as Troy. And Troy's mom said, "Oh, I've been meaning to give you a treat." And just as the real Troy, who is still hiding behind the curtains, heard that, he went out from under the curtains, and then he said, "Mom, really, I'm here. What's the treat?" And Troy's mom said, "The treat is a marshmallow. Because while you guys were hiding, there was a magician who planted a marshmallow tree in our chimney. And now there's some marshmallows growing on branches that are coming from the marshmallow tree." And Troy's mom looked, and she saw that it looked like there were two Troys. So she said, "Which is the real Troy?" And the ninja named Lloyd said, "I'm the real Troy." And then the real Troy said, "No, I'm the real Troy." And Troy's mom said, "There's only one way to decide." And Troy's mom said, "Okay, I have an important question for you. What is the kind of animal that could make ketchup come out of its mouth?" And the ninja named Lloyd, who is dressed up as Troy, said, "A duck." And Troy's mom said no. And then Troy's mom said, "Okay, what's the real answer?" And she asked it to the real Troy. And the real Troy said, "A friendly dragon." Because Troy, the real Troy, knew that a friendly dragon could squirt out some ketchup and not just fire, so that if you were at the dinner table and you needed more ketchup for, like, French fries or chicken nuggets, then all you had to do is call the friendly dragon to get more ketchup. But the ninja, whose real name was Lloyd but was just dressed up as Troy, he didn't know that. So that's how Troy showed his parents who the real Troy was. And then his mom said, "Well, who's this ninja named that looks like you, Troy?" And the ninja said, "Well, I was just pretending because me and Troy like to play together. So we were hiding behind the curtains, and I decided to use my chameleon camouflage to look like Troy." And Troy's mom said, "That was so silly." And Troy's mom told the real Troy and also the ninja, whose name was Lloyd, that if they wanted, they could play Nerf gun outside. Nerf guns are guns that kids could shoot that aren't real guns. They just have soft, pretend bullets come out that don't hurt. And the best kind of kids that are the best at playing with Nerf guns are ninjas, because ninjas can go so fast that they could move away as the Nerf gun bullet is coming towards them. And ninjas can jump up high and shoot from the top of trees and from trampolines and a lot of fun things. And the ninja, whose name was Lloyd, had a really cool trick that whenever he shot his Nerf gun, whipped cream came out behind the Nerf bullet, and so it left a trail of whipped cream. And then Troy would duck and make sure that the actual Nerf bullet didn't hit him, but he would eat the whipped cream in the air. And Troy and his family had so much fun playing with a ninja named Lloyd, and Troy and his family lived happily ever after. The end.