Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Elena. It was raining outside, but Elena really wanted to go outside to use her new boots and try out her umbrella. So she put her boots on, opened her new umbrella, and went outside. She started splashing in some puddles. Every time she splashed, the water would go so high. Would it go all the way to the moon? Well, it wouldn't go to the moon, but it would go higher than her boots. Soon, it was muddy, and Elena slipped on the ground, getting mud all over her. Elena wasn't so happy about the mud, so she asked her mom if they could go home. Her mom agreed, and they went back to their house.

Elena's mom said it was time for a bath. Elena was very excited because they had just received a package of bubble bath in the mail. There were so many bottles, maybe twelve! Elena's mom said they would put her dirty clothes in the washing machine and then take a bubble bath. Elena suggested pouring all the bubble bath bottles into the tub and then turning on the water to see what would happen. Her mom agreed, so Elena started pouring in the bubble bath. She poured in one, two, three bottles, and when her mom wasn't looking, she poured in even more!

Elena's mom came back and turned on the bath, and the water started making bubbles. Just then, there was a ding-dong at the door. Elena and her mom went upstairs to see who it was, but nobody was there. They forgot about the bubble bath, and when they went back downstairs, they saw bubbles everywhere! The bubbles filled the bathroom, went up the stairs, into Elena's bedroom, and even into the kitchen. There were bubbles in the refrigerator, the drawers, and even on the ceiling!

Elena and her mom decided to get dressed and go outside because their house was full of bubbles. As they went outside in the rain, more bubbles spilled out of their house. The bubbles went on the sidewalk, the grass, and even up the trees. They went to other people's houses, and even the squirrels in the trees saw the bubbles and tried to pop them.

Suddenly, the bubbles started turning different colors. There were red, yellow, and green bubbles. The rain stopped, the clouds went away, and the sky twinkled. Then, there was some magical lightning, and a princess on a unicorn appeared! The princess had slippers made of bracelets, and the unicorn had big white wings and a fluffy white tail.

The unicorn stopped in front of Elena and said, "Elena, I heard there was a bubble bath problem. Maybe I can help." Elena agreed that they needed a magic unicorn's help because the bubbles were going everywhere. The princess introduced herself as Princess Bubble Beluba, the princess of bubbles. She came from a secret island far away where all bubble bath was made.

Princess Bubble Beluba said she knew how to make the bubbles go away so everyone could walk on the streets again and the squirrels wouldn't pop them. Elena asked how, and the princess explained they needed to do a bubble bath dance. Elena followed the princess's instructions, clapping her hands, stomping her feet, and making a special sound with her lips. The princess said that if Elena did this for a whole minute, the bubbles would turn into acorns.

Elena did the dance, and suddenly, all the bubbles turned into acorns! Squirrels came from all over, cleaning up the acorns. A mermaid even came out of the nearby lake, thanking Elena for making the bubbles go away because they were too much for the mermaids to swim and play.

All the kids in the neighborhood called Elena a hero, and her mom said they should use less bubble bath next time. Elena and her parents lived happily ever after. The end.