Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Elena. It was raining outside, but Elena really wanted to go outside to use her new boots and to try out her umbrella. So she put her boots on, and she was using her new umbrella. And she went outside. She started splashing in some puddles. And every time she would splash in the puddles, the water would go so high. Would it go all the way to the moon? Well, it wouldn't go to the moon, but it would go higher than her boots. And pretty soon it was muddy. And Elena slipped down on the ground and she got mud all over her. Elena wasn't so happy that there was mud all over. And so Elena told her mom, mom, can we go home? And her mom said, okay. And her mom picked up Elena and they went back to their house.

Elena's mom said it was time for a bath. And Alina was very happy because do you know what came in the mail the day before? Bubble bath. There was so much bubble bath that came in the mail. There was like, maybe twelve bottles of bubble bath. And so Alina's mom said that they're going to put her dirty clothes in the washing machine and then they would take a bubble bath. Well, Alina said, first, how about I dump all the bubble bath bottles in the bath and then we turn on the water and see what happens? And Elena's mama said, okay. So Alina poured in the bubbles go over the cliff. So Alina poured in one thing of one bottle of bubble bath and two and then she poured in another one, three bottles of bubble bath. And her mama wasn't watching, so she kept pouring in more and more and even more bubble bath. Well, Alina's mama came down and she said, okay, time to turn on the bath. And she turned on the bath, and the water started going and making some bubbles. Well, just as that happened, there was a ding dong at the door. And Elena and her mom went upstairs to see who was at the door. And it turned out that nobody was at the door. But then they forgot that the bubble bath was going. And when they went back downstairs, do you know what they saw? There were so many bubbles that it went over the bubble bath and it went in the whole bathroom, and it was still going, and the bubbles went all over. It went up the stairs. It went all over Alina's bedroom. It even went over the kitchen. And there was bubbles in the refrigerator, and there was bubbles that went into the drawers and the dressers, and there was bubbles that went into ceiling, and there were bubbles that went out of the windows and onto the roof. And the bubbles just kept getting bigger and bigger. And the bubbles started to go outside. And Elena and her mom said, okay, we'd better get dressed and go outside because the whole house is full of bubbles. And they got dressed again and went outside in the rain, and more bubbles kept spilling out of Alina's house. There were so many bubbles that the bubbles started going on the sidewalk and on the grass and even up the trees. Other people's houses. Yeah, and even in other people's houses. And the squirrels who lived on the trees saw the bubbles, and they kept trying to pop the bubbles and then go up the trees. But there were way too many bubbles. Well, the bubbles started turning different colors. There were some red bubbles. There were some yellow bubbles and green bubbles. And suddenly it stopped raining, and the clouds went away, and the sky became twinkly. And suddenly there was some lightning, but the lightning didn't go down. And it wasn't normal looking lightning because it looked like maybe like a birthday cake lightning or something good. And out of the sky, there flew a princess on a unicorn. The princess that flew out of the sky had slippers that were made out of bracelets. And the unicorn that the princess was riding on had big wings, even bigger than an eagle's wings, and they were white wings, and it had a little unicorn tail that looked almost like a kitty cat's tail, but it was a white tail. And the unicorn looked so soft and so fluffy. And the unicorn stopped right in front of Elena and said, alina, I heard there was a bubble bath problem. And the bubbles started going everywhere. Maybe I can help. And Alina said, yeah, we need a magic unicorn to help because bubbles are even going to the bus stop and to the train station, and they're even starting to go to the lake. And the lake is starting to turn into a big bubble bath lake. And the princess on the unicorn said, my name is Princess Bubble Beluba. Yeah, she was a princess of bubbles. And Princess Bubble Beluba said that she came from a secret magic place in an island far away where all the bubble bath was made. And there was a bubble bath factory on that island, and that's where bubble bath comes from. Bubble bath actually comes from this special island that this princess is from. And the princess said, I know how to make the bubbles go away so everyone can just walk on the streets again and the squirrels won't pop them. And Alina said how? How can we do it? And the princess said, well, we need to do a bubble bath dance. And Alina said, I've never heard of a bubble bath dance. And the princess said, this is how it works. The first thing you have to do is you stretch your arms out into the sky and clap your hands. And so Alina clapped her hands like this, and she stretched her hand out. And then the princess said, okay, the next thing that you have to do is stomp your feet. And Alina went stomp. Stomp. And then the princess said, okay, here comes the magic part. The way that you do this is you fill your cheeks with air, like you and then you make your lips go like this. And some grown ups can't do that, but a lot of kids know how to do that. And the trick is and the trick is that kids usually don't know this, but the princess told Alina this, that if you go like that for, like a whole minute and you could keep doing that for a minute, then what happens is bubbles turn into acorns. Yeah. And then the squirrels come down from the trees and they eat all the acorns. And so that's what Alina did. And she heard a magic noise come from the sky, which sounded like a doorbell. It sounded like a ding dong. And then suddenly, all of the bubbles turned into acorns. And do you know what happened? What? There were squirrels that started running from all over the trees, and they took all of the acorns and cleaned them up. And then squirrels went in Alina's house and they took all the acorns out of her house and clean them up. And just as they did that, just as they did that, a mermaid came out of the lake that was near Elena's house. And the mermaid said, thank you. Thank you, Alina, for making the bubbles go away because the bubbles were even going in the lake, and it was too many bubbles for the mermaids to have space to swim and to play under the water. Yeah. And they turn into the acorns. So the squirrels came and they were and the squirrels loved to play in the water with the mermaids. And so the mermaids yeah, they ate some acorns, and all the acorns went away. And all the kids in the whole neighborhood so all the acorns went in school time. All the kids in the whole neighborhood told Elena that she was a hero. And Elena's mama said, next time, let's not put in so much bubble bath. And Elena and her parents lived happily ever after. The end.