Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two big boys named Ted and Ernie. Ted and Ernie lived in a silly house right near the beach. Their house was so silly because there was a tree growing inside their house, and there had to be a hole in the roof so that the top of the tree could grow out of the roof of the house. The tree went right through their living room, and there were branches on the tree. So if Ted and Ernie wanted to climb on top of the tree, they could get out of their house by climbing up the tree and climbing on top of the attic. When they got on top, they got on top of the roof of their house, and they had a special slide that went from the roof of their house all the way to the beach below them. Ted and Ernie used to take turns going wee and sliding down the slides.

One day, Ted and Ernie brought their digging tools like shovels, buckets, and rakes, and they brought them down the slide with them. They went with their mama and daddy to the beach next to their silly house with the tree in it. When they got to the beach, Ted and Ernie started to build a big sandcastle. As they were building the big sandcastle, Ernie was in charge of digging, and Ted would pat the castle, and it got bigger and bigger. It started to look like there were some storm clouds in the sky because the clouds were kind of dark. It also might have looked like there was a little bit of lightning far away. So Ted and Ernie told their parents it was probably time for them to go back to their house.

Just as they said that, they saw something flying with butterfly wings that were see-through, so you could look right through the wings. The thing that was flying had long blonde hair, and it was wearing a princess dress, and it looked like a fairy, and it was holding a magic wand. When it got close, it went poof right over their sandcastle. And when the fairy went poof with a magic wand right over their sandcastle, do you know what happened? A gorilla came out of it. The sandcastle got so big, and it had a door in front, and out of the sandcastle came a gorilla. The gorilla said, "My name is Gurby. I am Gerby the gorilla." And Ernie said, "That is a silly, silly name. I've never heard of a gorilla named Gurney." And Ernie and Ted were so silly because they didn't know how to pronounce the Gorilla's name. So they said, "We'll just call you Mr. Gorilla Head."

The Gorilla came out and said that he had a present for them. The Gorilla said that inside of the sandcastle there was a special oven that was magic, and it could turn anything you put in it into candy. The Gorilla said that in the sandcastle, he found an old piece of lettuce, and he put it in the magic oven, and it turned into a lollipop. Ted and Ernie said they didn't even believe that because they've never heard of a piece of lettuce turning into a lollipop. But the gorilla said, "Look." And it used its hand to show that there was really a lollipop.

Ted and Ernie thought that maybe the Gorilla was doing a magic trick. So they asked if they could go. "What? Maybe the Gorilla just magically bought it?" Yes. So Ted said, "Well, maybe the Gorilla went to a store and dressed up as a person, and people couldn't tell that it really had Gorilla eyes and then just bought the lollipop and hid it in the sandcastle." But then Ernie, his little brother, said, "But let's just ask the Gorilla if he could do another magic trick." And the gorilla said yes. And Ernie decided to give the Gorilla an apple, and he asked the Gorilla if the Gorilla could turn the apple into ice cream. The Gorilla went back in the sandcastle, and he turned on the sandcastle oven. Do you know what happened? The Gorilla came out of the door again, and he was holding a silver plate that had a cover on it. Ted opened up the cover, and he saw that there was applesauce in it. And so he said, "See, the Gorilla wasn't able to make the apple into ice cream."

But just as he said that, the fairy flew down right on top of Ted's head, and it sat down right on Ted's hair, and then it flew onto Ernie's nose, and it flapped its fairy wings right on Ernie. And then it went and started to eat the applesauce that the Gorilla brought out of the castle. And right as the fairy started to eat the applesauce, do you know what happened? It turned into strawberry ice cream. And then Ted and Ernie were like, "Whoa, there really is magic." But Ted said, "Hey. But the Gorilla didn't even make that apple into strawberry ice cream. Really. The fairy did." And the Gorilla told Ted and Ernie that he was still trying to learn how to do that magic. And Ted and Ernie said, "Okay."

The Gorilla asked them if he could go inside their special house with a tree in the middle because it was going to rain. And just as he said that, they heard some pops in the sky, and it went "pup." And Ted said, "That doesn't sound like regular thunder." And then they heard more pops; it sounded almost like a microwave, and it was going "pop." And suddenly there was some lightning in the sky, and it started to rain popcorn. It was raining popcorn everywhere on the beach. There was so much popcorn that the castle, the sandcastle, even though it was big, got buried under popcorn. There was popcorn here, and there was popcorn there, and there was popcorn on the sand, and there was popcorn in their mama's bag, and there was popcorn on their dad's head. And there was even popcorn that got into Ernie's shoe.

The gorilla said, "Hurry, I'm going to help you guys get inside." And the gorilla helped protect them by making a special gorilla umbrella with his hands. And he used the gorilla umbrella to make sure the popcorn fell down. And those two and it made the sandcastle pop down. "Whoa." And the gorilla told them that they were going to have to figure out what to do if too much popcorn came down, and it made their sandcastle go away, because that's where the gorilla lived. So the gorilla said, "Let's go in your house and think about what to do."

Ted, Ernie, the gorilla, the fairy, and the fairy all went into their house by jumping by climbing up the slide because gorillas know how to climb up slides. And then they went on the roof. And on the roof, they found the branches to the tree that sticks out of the roof, and they climbed down the tree to get to the living room. When they were in the living room, they looked out the windows, and they saw so much popcorn all over outside, and they didn't know how to make it stop raining popcorn. And in the sky, there still wasn't regular thunder. It still went "pup."

Suddenly, Ted had an idea. He said, "Wait, you're a fairy." And he pointed to the fairy, and he said, "You have a magic wand. Why don't you use your magic wand to make the popcorn rain go away magically?" And the fairy said, "Okay." And the fairy waved her magic wand, and it stopped raining popcorn. But there was still such a mess all over the streets, all over the beach, all over cars, all over the roofs of houses, even on trees and even on squirrels. There was popcorn everywhere. And the gorilla said, "I have a special gorilla cleaning trick." And the gorilla cleaning trick was the gorilla jumped out on top of the roof by climbing the tree and started eating so much popcorn. Gorilla speed. And when it was having trouble eating all the popcorn because there was too much even for a gorilla, it started calling other gorillas in gorilla language. And so many gorillas came, and after they ate so much, they realized it was too much for gorillas to eat. So they asked the fairy for help. And the fairy waved her magic wand again. And all of the popcorn that fell down turned into jewels. And jewels are like shiny rocks that people like for jewelry or for necklaces or for bracelets or for treasures.

Suddenly, all the popcorn that was all over the ground and all over the cars and all over the roofs and everywhere turned into jewels. And everyone, yeah, it wasn't even one single piece left. And everyone became so rich and everyone was so happy because they had so many shiny jewels, so they could make special arts and crafts, and everyone lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to the lesson to make up because they like it.