Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Asia. It was just Asia's birthday, and she was going on a walk through the forest with her mom and dad. This little forest was not too far from where Asia lived, and she had never been there before. The forest had many big trees, and there were so many different kinds of birds that would fly everywhere between the trees. There were also some bunny rabbits in the forest, and a couple of kangaroos. The kangaroos were nice, and they were also mini kangaroos that were only as big as a little mouse. These little kangaroos would take teensy tiny jumps and collect little pebbles that they found on the ground, putting them in their kangaroo pouches on their bellies.

Asia noticed a trail of popcorn in the forest. She told her parents, "Look, there's a trail of popcorn. We should follow it." Her parents agreed, and Asia suggested, "How about we pick up the popcorn as we follow the trail?" Her parents said, "Okay, but don't eat it because it might be a little bit dirty." Asia saw that they were right, as the bottom of the popcorn had a tiny speck of mud on it. So she said, "Yuck, let's not eat that popcorn." Her parents started to pick up the popcorn, and as they followed the trail, they finally reached a soccer field or a football field. In the field, there was a lot of grass. And right in the middle of the grass, there was a giraffe. This giraffe was wearing roller skates and was a baby giraffe. It wasn't even bigger than Asia because it was such a little giraffe. The giraffe's roller skates were special because they had popcorn engines in them, which helped the roller skates go fast all by themselves. So the baby giraffe didn't even have to push the roller skates. The roller skates with popcorn engines helped the baby giraffe go so fast around the football field. Asia saw that wherever the baby giraffe went, there was a trail of popcorn. She told her parents, "Mom, Dad, now we know what made the popcorn trail. It was the baby giraffe's roller skates." Just as she said that, the baby giraffe looked at Asia, and it decided to climb up the hill to say hello to her. Asia asked her parents if it was safe, and they said, "Yes, this is a nice baby giraffe. It wants to talk to us and be our friend." Asia agreed.

The baby giraffe came up to Asia and said his name was Jimmy. Jimmy the giraffe told Asia that he had special popcorn roller skates that went all by themselves. Asia asked Jimmy if he knew any other adventure places in the forest. Jimmy said yes, he had a friend who was a teensy tiny kangaroo as big as a mouse, and his friend was named Kambu. Jimmy said that Kambu the little kangaroo would help guide them and take them all the way to a magic beach on the other side of the forest. So Jimmy the baby giraffe and Kambu the kangaroo led Asia and her parents past the football field, through a different part of the forest with so many birds tweeting about, and even some parrots coming down. They finally reached the magic beach.

Once they got to the magic beach, Asia was so surprised because there was a fairy with no wings. The fairy could only walk and couldn't fly. The fairy had to hold her magic wand using her mouth, and she had no arms either. Kambu the kangaroo, who was such a little kangaroo, and Jimmy the giraffe with the popcorn roller skates, told Asia that she could say hi to the fairy with no wings. Asia went up to the fairy with no wings, and the fairy was little. Asia asked, "Can I pick you up with my hand, fairy with no wings?" The fairy with no wings said, "Yes, Asia, you can pick me up." Asia picked up the fairy with no wings and held her right in front of her face. The fairy said, "Hi, Asia. I was hoping someone would come visit me today because I haven't been able to play with friends in a long time, and I like to play." Asia said that she liked to play too. Then Asia asked, "Fairy with no wings, what happened to your wings? Where are they, and where did your arms go?" The fairy with no wings told Asia she used to have wings and could fly as high and as fast as she wanted. She could even make her wings turn into different butterfly colors. Asia asked, "Well, what happened to your old wings? Because now you don't have any." The fairy with no wings explained that she once saw a baby who was born with no arms. The fairy decided to give the baby her fairy wings, and then the wings got attached to the baby. Now the baby could fly because it had the fairy wings. But the fairy didn't have her wings anymore because she gave them to the baby. Asia said, "That was very nice of you because now the baby can fly, and usually people can't fly." The fairy with no wings said that she was still the baby's friend and that the baby was on the beach next to the water, flying on top of it. Asia asked, "Oh, is that safe for a baby?" The fairy with no wings said that the baby's parents were also watching.

Asia went with her parents down to the baby who could fly because it had the colorful fairy wings. Jimmy the giraffe and Kambu the kangaroo also came along. They all had a lot of fun visiting the baby who had fairy wings. The baby showed Asia that it had a special boogie board that could also fly because the boogie board had secret wings that worked like the fairy wings. A boogie board is kind of like a little surfboard, and you can go on it in the ocean on waves. Because it had wings, if there was ever too big of a wave, all you had to do was flip the switch, and then the wings would come out, and it would fly on top of the waves. Asia thought that was so special. She tried out the boogie board while her parents were watching and saw that it really did have secret wings that could come out and fly. Asia was so happy, but she also saw that the sun was setting, and it was getting late. She told her parents that it was time for them to go home. Asia said goodbye to the baby who had fairy wings, the fairy with no wings, Jimmy the giraffe with the popcorn roller skates, and Kambu the little kangaroo who was so teensy tiny. Asia and her parents walked out of the magical forest and went back home. Asia and her family lived happily ever after. The end.