Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Asia. It was just Asia's birthday, and Asia was going on a walk through the forest with her mom and her dad. It was a little forest that wasn't so far from where Asia lived and that Asia had never been to before. The forest had a lot of big trees, and there were so many different kinds of birds that would fly everywhere between the trees. And there were also some bunny rabbits in the forest, and there were a couple of kangaroos. The kangaroos were nice kangaroos, and they were also mini kangaroos that were only as big as a little mouse. And the little kangaroos that were as big as little mice would take teensy tiny jumps and they would collect little pebbles that they found on the ground and put them in their kangaroo pouch on their bellies.

Well, Asia noticed that in the forest there was a trail of popcorn. And Asia told her parents, "Look, there's a trail of popcorn. We should go follow it." And Asia's parents said that that was a good idea. And Asia said, "How about we pick up the popcorn as we follow the trail?" And Asia's parents said, "Okay, but don't eat it because that might be a little bit dirty." And Asia saw that they were right, because the bottom of the popcorn had a tiny speck of mud on it. So Asia said, "Yuck, let's not eat that popcorn." But her parents started to pick up the popcorn, and when they started to follow the popcorn trail, they finally got to a soccer field or a football field. In the soccer or football field, there was a lot of grass. And right in middle of the grass, there was a giraffe. And the giraffe was wearing roller skates. It was a baby giraffe. It wasn't even bigger than Asia because it was such a little giraffe. The giraffe's roller skates were special roller skates because they had popcorn engines in the roller skates, and that would help the roller skates go fast all by themselves. So the baby giraffe didn't even have to push the roller skates. And the roller skates that had popcorn engines helped the baby giraffe go so fast around the football field. And Asia saw that wherever the baby giraffe went, there was a trail of popcorn. So Asia told her parents, "Mom, Dad, now we know what made the popcorn trail. It was the baby giraffe's roller skates." And just as she said that, the baby giraffe looked at Asia, and the baby giraffe decided to climb up the hill to go to say hello to Asia. And Asia asked her parents if she thought it was safe. And her parents said, "Yeah, this is a nice baby giraffe. It wants to talk to us and be our friends." And Asia said, "Okay."

Well, the baby giraffe came up to Asia, and he said his name was Jimmy. And Jimmy the giraffe told Asia that he had special popcorn roller skates that went all by him by themselves. And Asia asked the baby giraffe if the baby giraffe knew any other adventure places in the forest. And the baby giraffe said yes. He had a friend that was a teensy tiny kangaroo as big as a mouse, and his friend was named Kambu. And he said that Kambu the little kangaroo would help guide them and take them all the way to a magic beach on the other side of the forest. So the baby giraffe, Jimmy and Kangu the kangaroo led Asia and her parents past the football field all the way through a different part of the forest with so many birds tweeting about and even some parrots coming down, and they got all the way to the magic beach.

Once they got to the magic beach, Aisha was so surprised because there was a fairy that had no wings, and the fairy was only able to walk. The fairy couldn't fly. The fairy had to hold her magic wand using her mouth. And the fairy had no arms either. And Kambu the kangaroo, who was such a little kangaroo, and Jimmy the giraffe who had the popcorn roller skates, told Asia that she could say hi to the fairy with no wings. And Asia went up to the fairy with no wings, and the fairy with no wings was little. And Asia said, "Can I pick you up with my hand, fairy with no wings?" And the fairy with no wings said, "Yes, Asia, you can pick me up." And Asia and the fairy with no wings climbed into Asia's hand. And Asia picked up the fairy with no wings and held the fairy with no wings right in front of her face. And the fairy said, "Hi, Asia. I was hoping somebody would come visit me today because I haven't been able to play with friends in a long time, and I like to play." And Asia said that she liked to play also. And then Asia said, "Fairy with no wings, what happened to your wings? Where are they and where did your arms go?" And the fairy with no wings said to Asia she used to be born a fairy with wings. And the fairy with no wings used to be able to fly with her old wings as high as she wanted and as fast as she wanted. And she could make the wings turn into different butterfly color wings. And Asia said, "Well, what happened to your old wings? Because now you don't have any." And the fairy with no wings said that she once saw a baby who was born with no arms. And the fairy decided to give the baby who had no arms her fairy wings. And then the wings got attached to the baby. And now the baby is able to fly because the baby has the fairy wings. But the fairy didn't have her wings anymore because she gave it to the baby. And Asia said, "That was very nice of you, because now the baby could fly and usually people can't fly." And the fairy with no wings said that she was still the baby's friend and that the baby was on the beach next to the water flying on top of it. And Asia said, "Oh, is that safe for a baby?" And the fairy with no wing said that the baby's parents are also watching.

And Asia went with her parents down to the baby who was able to fly because he had the colorful fairy wings. And Jimmy also came along, and also Kambu. And Jimmy the giraffe and Kambu the kangaroo had a lot of fun going to visit the baby who had fairy wings. And the baby who had fairy wings showed Asia that he had a special boogie board that could also fly because the boogie board had secret wings that also worked like the fairy wings. And so a boogie board is kind of like a little surfboard and you can go on it in the ocean on waves. And because it has wings, if there's ever too big of a wave, all you have to do is flip the switch and then the wings will come out and it flies on top of the waves. And Asia said that that was so special. And Asia tried out the boogie board while her parents were watching. And she saw that it really did have secret wings that could come out and fly. Asia was so happy, but she also saw that the sun was setting and it was getting late. So Asia told her parents that it was time for them to go home. And Asia said goodbye to the baby who had fairy wings. Asia also said goodbye to the fairy who had no wings. And Asia also said goodbye to Jimmy the giraffe with the popcorn roller skates, and also to Kambu the little kangaroo who was so teensy tiny. And Asia and her parents walked out of the magical forest and they went back home. And Asia and her family lived happily ever after. The end.