Once upon a time, a long time ago, in a faraway land called Ireland, where it rained quite often, there was a girl named Hazel. Hazel was six years old and had some special things she liked to do. One of her favorite things to do with her kid-sized umbrella was to twirl it around in her hands and make it go up and down. Sometimes, Hazel would even open up the umbrella while she was inside her house. But Hazel's sister, Martha, was really good at breaking umbrellas. Hazel would always tell Martha, "Martha, that's my Princess Elsa umbrella. Don't break it." And Martha would say, "Da da da da." Hazel would teach her, "It's not nice to say that."

One day, the rain stopped, and Martha's mom and Hazel's mom decided to take them to the playground. They got in their car and both girls were strapped into their car seats. Hazel said her car seat was a little too tight, so her mom loosened it a bit. Martha said she wanted to drink some apple juice, but her mom said, "No apple juice, just water." And off they drove. As they drove, it started to rain again. But instead of regular rain, it was orange juice coming down.

Now, in Ireland, it gets pretty rainy, with big and small raindrops. Sometimes it's misty and foggy, but it is never, ever orange juice raindrops. So Hazel told her mom to turn on the windshield wipers as fast as they could go, and that's what her mom did. Finally, they arrived at a playground with a roof on top, so they couldn't get wet from the orange juice while playing. Hazel and Martha started to climb up the slide and slide down. When they got to the bottom, they reached the sand. Hazel and Martha took turns digging in the sand when suddenly they heard a sound. It went doodle doodle dottle, doodle doodle doodle dottle. Martha said, "Ice cream truck!" And Hazel ran to the ice cream truck.

When they got to the ice cream truck, they saw it wasn't a regular ice cream truck. This truck had a special robot inside. The robot said, "I am a robot. I make cakes for kids." The robot could make any cake you could imagine. Hazel decided to imagine a cake with Princess Elsa on it. She pressed the button, and the robot said, "Here is your Princess Elsa cake." The robot delivered a special icicle cake, which Hazel's mom helped her get. Martha wanted a Little Mermaid cake, so she pressed the Little Mermaid button. The robot said, "Here is your Little Mermaid cake." The cake was shaped like a fish. Martha and Hazel were so proud of their cakes.

But before they could get back to the playground, some orange juice rained down from the sky and got on their cakes. Martha started to cry. Hazel told Martha not to cry because her mom had a jacket they could use to wipe off the orange juice from the top of the cake. That's what they started to do. They noticed there were some marshmallows in the ice cream truck. Hazel and Martha told their mom they should order marshmallows before the truck left. Their mom said, "But there's no marshmallow button." Hazel told her mom that to order marshmallows, she had to go on her mom's shoulders and press the secret button high up on the truck. So her mom put Hazel on her shoulders, and she saw a purple button at the top of the truck. She pressed it, and suddenly a machine started spitting out marshmallows from a pipe. There were so many marshmallows that they covered Hazel and Martha's mom's feet, and she got stuck in a pile of marshmallows.

They told the robot they needed a shovel to shovel away the marshmallows and bring them to the playground. The robot said, "Here is a shovel." Hazel and Martha's mom helped shovel the marshmallows back to the playground. Then they saw that the orange juice rain had stopped, and there were a lot of sticks, like a teepee. A teepee is a bunch of wood put together in a triangle shape on top of each other. Martha and her mom both had the same idea and asked Hazel if she liked it. They said, "How about we make a campfire here and roast some marshmallows?" Hazel said that was a good idea.

So Hazel's mom started a campfire, and they began roasting marshmallows on the sticks. The marshmallows got a little burned, but the fire was under control because the mom was very careful. They enjoyed their slightly burned marshmallows. Then Hazel asked her mom how she would put out the campfire. Her mom said, "I have an idea. There's a button on the playground that says 'Apple Juice Fire Truck Button.'" Hazel looked in the playground and saw a pretend fire truck with a hose on it. She also saw a button that said "Apple Juice." Hazel and Martha went in the fire truck, pressed the apple juice button, and the fire truck squirted out apple juice all over the campfire, putting it out.

Hazel, Martha, and their mom got to eat the cake and marshmallows. After they finished, their mom said they had to drink water because they had so much sugar. They drank water, and Hazel, Martha, and their mom went back to the car, got in their car seats, and took a good nap on the way home. Hazel, Martha, and their mom lived happily ever after. The end.