Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. Get ready to listen to fun and non scary stories that I make up on the fly without preparing. I tell these stories to my five year old son as part of his bedtime routine. Thanks for listening. So this story is a request from a listener in Ireland who wanted a story that louds. Martha and Hazel and playground and a cake. And we also want to add a fire to it. Once upon a time, a long time ago, in a faraway country named Ireland, where it rained so many times, there was a girl whose name was Hazel. And Hazel was six years old, and she had some special things that she liked to do. One of the things that she liked to do the most whenever she had a kid umbrella was to twirl it around in her hands and make it go uppie and downy. And sometimes Hazel would even open up the umbrella while she was in her house. But Hazel's sister Martha was so good at breaking umbrellas. And Hazel used to always have to tell Martha, martha, that is my Princess Elsa umbrella. Don't break it. And Martha would say, do DA DA DA. And Hazel would teach her, that's not nice to say that. One day, the rain had stopped, and Martha's mama and Hazel's mama decided to take them to the playground. So they got in their car and they both got strapped into their car seats. And Hazel said that her car seat was a little too tight, so her mama had to loosen it a little bit. And Martha said that she wanted to drink some apple juice. And the mom said, no apple juice, just water. And she drove in the car. And while it drove, it started to rain. But instead of raining regular rain, it was orange juice that was coming down. Now, in Ireland, it gets pretty rainy, and sometimes the raindrops are big and sometimes the raindrops are small. Sometimes it's misty and foggy, but it is never, ever yellow orange juice raindrops. So Hazel told her mom to put on the windshield wipers as fast as they could go, and that's what her mom did. Finally, her mom drove to a playground. And the playground had a covering, like a roof on top of it, so they couldn't get wet from the orange juice while they were playing. And Hazel and Martha started to go climb up to the slide and to slide down the slide. When they got to the bottom of the slide, they got to the sand. And Hazel and Martha took turns digging in the sand when finally they heard a sound. And a sound went doodle doodle dottle, doodle doodle doodle dottle. And Martha said, ice cream truck. And Hazel ran to the ice cream truck. When they got to the ice cream truck, they saw that it was not a regular ice cream truck. This ice cream truck had a special robot inside of it. And the robot said, I am a robot. I make cakes for kids. And the robot delivered whatever kind of cake you could imagine. So Hazel decided to imagine a cake that had Princess Elsa on it and out. And then she pressed the button, and the robot said, here is your Princess Elsa cake. And the robot delivered a special icicle cake, which Hazel's mom helped her to get. And then Martha decided that she wanted a Little Mermaid cake. And so Martha pressed the Little Mermaid button, and the robot in the ice cream truck said, here is your Little Mermaid cake. And the cake was the shape of a fishy. And Martha and Hazel were so proud of their cakes. But before they could get back to the playground, some orange juice rained down from the sky and got on their cakes. So Martha started to cry. Hazel told Martha not to cry because her mom had a jacket and they could just use the mom's jacket to wipe off the orange juice from the top of the cake. And that is what they started to do. They noticed that there were some marshmallows in that ice cream truck. And so Hazel and Martha told their mom that before it goes away, they should also order some marshmallows. And so the mom said, but there's no marshmallow button. And Hazel told her mom that if they wanted to order marshmallows, they had to go on her mom's shoulders, and her mom had to look up as Hazel would press the secret button, which was high uppie on the truck. And so her mom put Hazel on her shoulders, and she saw a button that was purple at the top of the truck, and she pressed it. And suddenly a machine started spitting out marshmallows out of a pipe. And there were so many marshmallows that were coming out that they went all over Hazel and Martha's mama's feet, and she got stuck in a pile of marshmallows. Well, they told the robot that they need a shovel to shovel away all of those marshmallows and to bring them to the playground. And the robot said, Here is a shovel. And Hazel and Martha's mama helped shovel all of the marshmallows back to under the park where the playground was. And then they saw that it stopped raining orange juice and that there were a lot of sticks, like a teepee. And a teepee is a bunch of wood that you put together in a triangle shape on top of each other. And Martha and her mom both had the same idea that they asked Hazel if she liked it. They said, how about we make a campfire here and roast some marshmallows? And Hazel said that that is a good idea. So Hazel's mom started a campfire, and they started roasting some marshmallows on the sticks. And the marshmallows got a little burned in the fire, and the fire was pretty big, but it wasn't going to get out of control because the mom was being very careful. And they had some marshmallows, which got a little burned. And then Hazel asked her mom how she's going to put out the campfire. And her mom said, I have an idea. There's a button on the playground that says Apple Juice fire Truck button. And Hazel looked in the playground and she saw there was a Play pretend fire truck with a hose on it. And she also saw that there was a button that said Apple Juice. And so Hazel and Martha went in the fire truck in the playground, and they pressed the apple juice button. And do you know what happened? The fire truck squirted out apple juice all over the campfire, and it put out the campfire. So Hazel and Martha and her mom got to eat the cake and marshmallows. After they were all done, hazel and Martha's mom said they have to drink water because that was so much sugar. And they drank water. And Hazel and Martha and Hazel and Martha went back in the car in their car seats, and they took a good nap on the way home. And Hazeln, Martha and their mom lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. If you want me to make up a story for you, then leave a review, including your name and three things that you want to be in the story. And then I'll record a special bedtime story just for you.