Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Noah. Noah was in her house playing right next to the kitchen while her parents were cooking lunch. As she was playing, she heard a knock on the door. The knock didn't sound like "knock, knock." It sounded like it was coming from something little at the bottom of the door. Every time there was the knock, it also made an echoey sound. So it went like, "knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock." It was kind of strange.

So Noah went with her parents to open the door, and when they got to the door, they saw that there was a bunny rabbit, and it was the bunny rabbit that was knocking on the door. This bunny rabbit was not a regular bunny rabbit because it had human eyes. The bunny rabbit hopped right into Noah's house and started to jump all over the tables as Noah and her parents tried to catch it. This was a really fast bunny. It hopped all over the kitchen, on top of the plates, into the sink, turned on the sink and got a little bit wet, and finally hopped on top of the garbage all the way to a couch.

When the bunny got to the couch, Noah and her family said, "Okay, we're not going to chase you. We're just going to leave you there." Noah decided that she would get some carrots. She opened up the fridge, got some carrots, and gave them to the bunny. The bunny didn't try to run away. Instead, it ate the carrot. Then Noah asked her parents if she could try to pet the bunny because now she was giving it a carrot, and the bunny was her friend.

So Noah came very close, very slowly to the couch. As she was holding the carrot with one hand, she started to pet the rabbit with her other hand. As Noah started to pet the rabbit, she realized that something funny was happening. Her hand was getting white fur, and her hand was turning into a rabbit hand. Then it started creeping up Noah's arm, all the way up to her shoulder. She got a rabbit arm and a rabbit shoulder, and it went all over her body and her other arm and even her head. Before long, Noah turned into a rabbit girl. That's why she realized when the rabbit first came to the house that it had human eyes because that rabbit was a special kind of rabbit.

Now that Noah was looking like a rabbit, she was also much smaller. She realized she was getting much better at jumping. Noah decided she would try to jump up a lot of stairs. But Noah's parents were worried. They asked, "Noah, how did you turn into a rabbit?" Noah told her parents that she just pet the other rabbit. Noah's mom said, "Well, I'll just catch the rabbit." Noah's mom held the rabbit in her hands, and then she turned into a bunny rabbit. Noah's dad decided to touch Noah's mom, and then he turned into a rabbit. So Noah's whole family turned into bunny rabbits.

Noah and her family decided the first thing they would do before they figured out how to turn back into people was to eat some carrots so that they wouldn't be hungry. They hopped all over the fridge, got out some carrots, and had a big carrot feast. Then Noah and her parents hopped just like bunnies out of the front door. The bunny that was with them also went with them. That bunny said that it used to be a person, too. That person said it was Noah's SoftA, her grandmother. The person said, "Noah, the reason I knocked on your door was that I used to be your grandma, your SoftA, and I turned into a bunny rabbit. I thought you guys might be able to help me turn back."

And Noah told her grandmother that that just made her turn into a bunny, too. So Noah's family, the bunnies, started to go outside. As they went outside, they saw so many cars, and there were people that came on the sidewalk, and little kids tried to catch them. Noah didn't want other kids to catch them, and then she would have to be their pet. So Noah and her parents and Noah's grandma started hopping through some fields, away from all of the cars in the traffic.

As they were hopping through some fields, they saw that there was a cheetah. The cheetah was hiding behind some trees in some tall grass, and the cheetah saw them. That's when Noah and her family realized that the cheetah might try to get them. They tried to hop in all sorts of different directions and look for holes in the ground where they might be able to hide in tunnels. But the cheetah was just too fast. The cheetah caught Noah first, but the cheetah said, "Noah, do you want to play soccer with me? Do you want to play football with me?" Noah said okay. It was really a friendly cheetah that was just very lonely. It didn't want to eat the bunny rabbits; it just wanted to play.

That's when Noah realized that this cheetah used to be a person also. That's why it was a friendly cheetah that just wanted to play ball. Noah asked the cheetah if it could help them turn back into people. The cheetah said they would have to look around soon. Noah and her family, the Bunnies, went with the cheetah, and they found some dogs. All of the dogs had human eyes also. All of the dogs used to be people. If you look around the world, some of the animals that you see, if you look closely for human eyes, some of them might have used to be people. That's what Noah discovered.

There was one dog there whose name was Captain Turbot. The dog named Captain Turbot told Noah and her family, "The only way you can become people again is if you find the magic gem." Noah asked, "Well, how can we find the magic gem?" The dog named Captain Turbot told Noah and her family that the only way they could find the magic gem is if they followed the dog all the way to a zoo.

So the dog led Noah and her family of rabbits, the cheetah, and all of the other dogs to the zoo. Noah was a little bit scared to be in the zoo because she didn't want the zookeeper to capture them and keep them in cages forever, because really they were people. They just looked like animals. So she told the cheetahs to give her and her family a ride. The cheetah gave Noah and her family a ride, and it went lickety-split, fast as can be, through the zoo until it got to the secret part of the zoo, which was right behind the lion's cage where nobody could go.

When they got to that secret part, they found that there was a gem. The gem was so shiny. The way the gem worked is if an animal stepped on the gem, then it could become a person, too. Noah was about to step on the gem when the lion came and stepped on the gem first. The lion turned into a person, and the lion turned into a king, and it looked like a very strong person. The lion told Noah and her whole family that really, secretly, it was a king and a person. It just goes to the zoo sometimes so people don't know. When it looks at people, it can tell if they're good people or bad people in its kingdom, and then it can remember for when it turns back into a person.

After that, Noah and her family all started to go on the magic gem, and they turned back into people. The king, who used to be a lion, told them that because she did such a good job and was so nice to all of the animals in her adventure, she could turn back into whatever kind of animal she wanted whenever she wanted. She could have a little piece of the gem that she could keep in her pocket to turn back into a person whenever she wanted. Noah and her family lived happily ever after. The end.