Hello. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is CC. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell all your friends. Hi. My name is Noah. I am seven years old and turning eight on October 8. I live in Israel, and I would like a story about a cheetah, a magical bunny, and a gem. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Noah who lives in Israel and who turns eight years old tomorrow on October 8. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Noah. Happy birthday, Noah. Good job, bud. And Noah asks for us to make up a story that includes a cheetah, a magical bunny, and a gem. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Noah. Noah was in her house playing right next to the kitchen while her parents were cooking lunch. And as she was playing, she heard a knock on the door. And the knock didn't sound like Knock, knock. It sounded like it was coming from something little at the bottom of the door. And every time there was the knock, it also made kind of like an echoey sound. So it went like, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock, knock. And it was kind of strange. So Noah went with her parents to open the door, and when they got to the door, they saw that there was a bunny rabbit, and it was the bunny rabbit that was knocking on the door. This bunny rabbit was not a regular bunny rabbit because it had people eyes. And the bunny rabbit hopped right into Noah's house. And it started to jump all over the tables as Noah and her parents tried to catch it, while this was a really fast bunny. And it hopped all over the kitchen, on top of the plates into the sink, it turned on the sink and got a little bit wet, and it finally hopped on top of the garbage all the way to a couch. When the bunny got to the couch, noah and her family said, okay, we're not going to chase you. We're just going to leave it there. And Noah decided that she would get some carrots. Well, Noah opened up the fridge, and she got some carrots. When she gave the carrots to the bunny, the bunny didn't try to run away. Instead, the bunny ate the carrot. And then Noah asked her parents if she could try to pet the bunny, because now she was giving it a carrot, and the bunny was her friend. So Noah came very close, very slowly to the couch. And as she was holding the carrot with one hand, she started to pet the rabbit with her other hand. And as Noah started to pet the rabbit, she realized that something funny was happening. Her hand was getting white fur, and her hand was kind of turning into a rabbit hand. And then it started creeping up Noah's arm. And all the way up to her shoulder. And then she got a rabbit arm and a rabbit shoulder, and it went all over her body and her other arm and even her head. And before long, Noah turned into a rabbit girl. And that's why she realized when the rabbit first came to the house that it had people eyes, because that rabbit was a special kind of rabbit. Well, now that Noah was looking like a rabbit, she was also much smaller. And she realized she was getting much better at jumping. Noah decided she would try to jump up a lot of stairs. But Noah's parents were worried. They were like, Noah, how did you turn into a rabbit? And Noah told her parents that she just pet the other rabbit. And Noah's mom said, well, I'll just catch the rabbit. And Noah's mom held the rabbit in her hands, and then she turned into a bunny rabbit. And then Noah's dad decided to touch Noah's mom, and then he turned into a rabbit. And so Noah's whole family turned into bunny rabbits. Well, Noah and her family decided the first thing they would do before they figured out how to turn back into people was they would need to eat some carrots so that they wouldn't be hungry. So they hopped all over the fridge, and they got out some carrots, and they had a big carrot feast. And then Noah and her parents hopped just like bunnies out of the front door. And the bunny that was with them also went with them. And that bunny said that it used to be a person, too. That person said it was Noah's SoftA, her grandmother. And that person said, noah, the reason I knocked on your door was because I used to be your grandma, your SoftA, and I turned into a bunny rabbit. I thought you guys might be able to help me turn back. And Noah told her grandmother that that just made her turn into a bunny, too. And so Noah's family, the bunnies, started to go outside. As they went outside, they saw so many cars, and there were people that came on the sidewalk, and little kids tried to catch them. Well, Noah didn't want other kids to catch them, and then she would have to be their pet. So Noah and her parents and Noah's grandma started hopping through some fields, away from all of the cars in the traffic. As they were hopping through some fields, they saw that there was a cheetah. The cheetah was hiding behind some trees in some tall grass, and the cheetah saw them. And that's when Noah and her family realized that the cheetah might try to get them. So they tried to hop in all sorts of different directions and to look for holes in the ground where they might be able to hide in tunnels. But the cheetah was just too fast. The cheetah caught Noah first, but the cheetah said noah, do you want to play soccer with me? Do you want to play football with me? And Noah said okay. And it was really a friendly cheetah that was just very lonely. It didn't want to eat the bunny rabbits. It just wanted to play. And that's when Noah realized that this cheetah used to be a person also. And that's why it was a friendly cheetah that just wanted to play ball. And so Noah asked the cheetah if it could help them turn back into people. And the cheetah said they'll have to look around soon. Noah and her family, the Bunnies, went with the cheetah, and they found some dogs. And all of the dogs had people eyes also. And all of the dogs, they also used to be people. And if you look around the world, some of the animals that you see, if you look closely for people eyes, some of them might have used to be people. That's what Noah discovered. Well, there was one dog there whose name was Captain Turbot, and the dog named Captain Turbit told Noah and her family, the only way you could become people again is if you find the magic gem. And Noah said, well, how could we find the magic gem? And the dog named Captain Turbit told Noah and her family that the only way they could find the magic gem is if they followed the dog all the way to a zoo. And so the dog led Noah and her family of rabbits, and it also led the cheetah and all of the other dogs to the zoo. Noah was a little bit scared to be in the zoo because she didn't want the zookeeper to capture them and to keep them in cages forever, because really they were people. They just looked like animals. And so she told the cheetahs to give her and her family a ride. And the cheetah gave Noah and her family a ride, and it went lickety split, fast as can be, through the zoo until it got to the secret part of the zoo, which was right behind the lion's cage where nobody is able to go. And when they got to that secret part, they found that there was a gem. And the gem was so shiny. And the way the gem worked is if an animal stepped on the gem, then it could become a person, too. And so Noah was about to step on the gem when do you know what happened, bud? What? The lion came, and the lion stepped on the gem first. And do you know what the lion turned into? What? The lion turned into a person, and the lion turned into a king, and it looked like a very strong person. And the lion told Noah and her whole family that really, secretly, it is a king and a person. It just goes to the zoo sometimes so people don't know. And then when it looks at people it could tell if they're good people or bad people in its kingdom, and then it could remember for when it turns back into a person. And then after it did that, Noah and her family all started to go on the magic gem, and they turned back into people. And the king, who used to be a lion, told them that because she did such a good job and was so nice to all of the animals in her adventure that she could turn back into whatever kind of animal she wanted whenever she wanted. And she could have a little piece of the gem that she could keep in her pocket to turn back into a person whenever she wanted. And Noah and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to the story. Now it's time for us to answer some bedtime questions. If you have a bedtime question, then you can submit the question to makesup Stories@gmail.com. Here's our first question. What is your favorite dinosaur? What is your favorite animal? Say thank you. Thank you. What's your name? Elliot. How old are you? Three. Say bye. Bye. Our first question tonight comes from a three year old named Elliot. And Elliot asks us what is our favorite animal and our favorite dinosaur. Well, my favorite animal is a kitty cat, because kitty cats are so soft, and they love to come up to people to be petted. And my favorite dinosaur, I think if I had to guess, my favorite dinosaur might be a Tyrannosaurus Rex, because they were so big and they looked pretty special. How about you, Jonah? My favorite animal is the same as my dad, a cat. And if I had to guess, I would guess an elephant. An elephant dinosaur. That'd be silly. Okay, elephant. An elephant. An elephant. But what's your favorite dinosaur? My favorite dinosaur is the same as my dad's, trex. I want to know why we had the same things. That's silly. Okay. Thanks for your question, Elliot. Hi. My name is I'm five years old. I live in Australia, Broadmoder, and my question is, why did Elsa let go? Our second question tonight comes from a five year old girl whose name is Milana and who lives in Australia. And Milana asks, why did Elsa from Frozen let it go? Jonah, what's your answer? My answer is that I don't know, but probably I think she was kind of mad about the people and also was trying to find that song that she hold. This was in frozen too. Good job, bud. Milana? I think that Princess Elsa from Frozen decided to let it go because she has this magic power, which is to make things turn to ice. But I think Elsa felt that her magic power was like carrying a big, heavy stone, and she had to carry around the magic power everywhere, and it felt heavy, and she thought that maybe people didn't like her because she turned everything into ice. And I think when Elsa decides to let it go, it's because Elsa realizes that her magic power isn't like a heavy stone she has to carry. It's more like fairies that lift you up. So magic powers are good things. The end. That's the end of questions today. If you're a kid and you have a question for makeup, then tell your parents to record you asking the question and to send the question to make up stories@gmail.com with your name and a transcript of what you say. So this is a reminder all kids can ask for questions now. Thanks for listening.