Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. One night, while they were sleeping, they heard big, loud noises that sounded like thunder and clapping. Their bunk beds shook a little, and they thought they heard noises on the roof. They decided not to get out of bed because they might still be dreaming.

In the morning, when they woke up and looked out the window, they saw that their house was floating in the sky! Jonah and Jesse ran to their parents' bedroom and opened the door. To their surprise, they saw that their mom had turned into a giant kitty cat with a human head! Their dad was still a regular person.

They woke up their dad first and showed him the floating house. Dad, Steve, looked out the window and saw that they were indeed floating in the sky. He then noticed his wife, Amanda, had turned into a kitty cat with a human head. He tried to wake her up, but she could only meow like a cat.

The family went to the kitchen to have breakfast, but when they opened the refrigerator, they found only cat food. Even their cereal had turned into kibbles! They realized they couldn't have regular food for breakfast because everything had turned into kitty stuff.

Just then, Amanda crawled into the kitchen like a kitty cat and started meowing for food. Steve opened some kitty food and gave it to her. Jonah asked his dad what they should do about their floating house. Steve suggested they look out the window to see what was going on.

Steve opened the window and saw that the house was attached to lots of balloons with pictures of kitty cats on them. Jonah had an idea to shoot one of the balloons with his bow and arrow. When he did, a cat hopped out of the balloon and licked Jonah, turning him into a cat with a human head!

Jesse thought that maybe the same thing happened to their mom during the night. He and Steve decided not to pop any more balloons, or they might turn into cats too. Instead, Jesse climbed up the chimney and cut off most of the balloons, leaving just one. He popped the last balloon and turned into a cat with a human head as well.

Now, Steve was the only regular person left in the family. He wanted to turn everyone back into humans, so he searched the house and found a bottle labeled "Human Turner." He poured the liquid into a bowl, and Jonah, Jesse, and Amanda drank it. Slowly, they turned back into humans, but they could only meow like cats.

After drinking more of the Human Turner juice, they started coughing like humans and eventually turned back into normal people who could talk. Now, they needed to figure out how to get their house back on the ground.

Jonah remembered his secret workshop in the house and built rocket boosters to attach to the house. He also added a steering wheel to guide the house back down to the ground. They ignited the rocket boosters, and Jonah steered the house towards the ground.

As they descended, the house became dark. Jesse found his special lantern and lit up the house, helping everyone in their neighborhood see the floating house. The neighbors placed trampolines on the ground to help the house land safely.

Once the house landed on the trampolines, the whole town cheered. Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda became the heroes of the town and lived happily ever after. The end.