Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And while Jonah and Jesse were sleeping one day, there were some big thunderous kinds of sounds that sounded a little bit like thunder, a little bit like clapping that they could hear a little bit in their sleep. And they weren't sure if it was part of their dream or if it was a real sound. And their bunk beds were shaking a little bit, and they could maybe hear some noises on the roof, but they decided not to get out of bed because they might still be asleep. And in the morning, when they woke up and they looked out the window, they saw that their house was floating in the sky. And Jonah and Jesse ran through the hallway to their parents' bedroom, and they opened the door. And when they opened the door, they saw that their mom had turned into a giant kitty cat that was under the blanket. And it was like a kitty cat body, but it still had their mom's head and hair and face, and their dad was a regular person. And they said they didn't want to wake up their mom because they didn't know because she had a person head. Could she talk like a regular person, or would she meow? So they woke up their dad first and said, dad, look outside the window. And when Steve looked out the window, he saw that they were floating in the sky. And Steve turned around, and he saw that his wife Amanda had turned into, like, a kitty cat body. It was like gray, furry kind of kitty cat with a kitty cat tail that was sticking out of the bottom of the blanket and had her regular head. And so Steve said, Amanda, wake up. And Amanda said meow. And she just meowed like a cat. And then Steve said, Jonah. Jesse, what happened? And they said, well, I don't know. There were, like, some noises during the night. And then when we woke up, we just ran straight to your room. And now mom is a kitty cat, and that's why we woke you up instead of mom. And so Steve walked out of the bedroom, and they walked to the kitchen, and they decided that the first thing that they needed to do was to have some cereal. But when they opened up the refrigerator to get milk, instead of there being milk in the refrigerator, all there was was cat food. And then they decided maybe they would have breakfast without any milk. Like they would just put cereal in a bowl. But when they tried to pour out the cereal, there was no Cheerios or Rice Krispies or anything inside. It was just kibbles. And then Steve said, guys, I don't think we could have regular food for breakfast because it's all just kitty stuff. And just as he said that Amanda, the kid's mom and Steve's wife, she kind of crawled out like a kitty cat of her bedroom, going through the hallway all the way to the kitchen, and she went straight to the fridge, and she saw some of the kitty food, and she couldn't open up the kitty food for herself, so she started meowing. And that's when Jonah told Steve to give her some of the kitty food. And Steve opened up some kitty food and gave it to Amanda. Well, Jonah said, dad, what should we do about, like, we're floating the houses in the air? And Steve said, how about we try to look out the window to see what's going on? And so Steve stuck his head out of the window after opening it up, and he saw that the house was attached to a lot of balloons. There were, like, long strings that were attached to the house, and there must have been, like, 100 different balloons. And on each of the balloons, there were pictures of kitty cats. Were you going to say something, Jonah? But then Steve realized, okay, why not pop the balloon slowly? So pop one, then it'll slowly go down. Pop one and then leave some so it slowly goes down. But then Jonah grabbed his bone arrow, put a needle on it, and when he shot the balloon, it popped out, and there was a cat that fell from it. Yeah. So Jonah had the idea of they had a bow and arrow at home, and he decided to shoot one of the balloons with his bow and arrow because he wouldn't want all of the balloons to pop at once, then the house might just fall down. So he shot one of the balloons, and when he shot it with the bow and arrow, a cat hopped out of the balloon, and it went straight inside the house. And then the cat went right over to Jonah, and it licked Jonah. And then Jonah turned into a cat body, and he still had a cat head. And that's when Jesse said to Steve, dad, maybe that's what happened during the night. Maybe Amanda went out and she saw we were attached to balloons, and she tried to pop one of the balloons, and a kitty came out and it licked her and that's why she had a kitty cat body. And when Jesse said that, Jonah the cat said meow. So Jesse and Steve realized they really shouldn't pop any more balloons or else hold Jonah. Were you going to say something? Then Jesse decided instead of popping them, he went up the chimney and cut the balloons off, except one. He popped and he turned into a cat. But then Steve got down safely and found in the refrigerator there was one bottle that said human tonal. Yes. And so now the problem was that Jesse was a kitty cat and Jonah was a kitty cat, and Amanda was a kitty cat. And the only one who was a regular person was Steve. And Steve really wanted Jonah and Jesse and Amanda to turn back into people, because the house was just floating through the sky and there was nothing for Steve to eat. There was just kitty food. And they didn't have so much kitty litter. And it's also more fun, even though kitties are so cute and fun to play with. It's more fun if everyone in the family were just people. And so he found that there was a bottle in one of the cabinets that said human turner. And he poured the bottle into a little bowl. And when Jonah, Jesse and Amanda kitty cat, when they saw the bottle, they all ran straight to the bottle and they started licking up the human turner juice. And once they started licking it up, slowly, their fur went away and they started turning back into regular people. But there was just one problem. They couldn't talk. They still, even though they had people bodies, only could meow. And Steve really wanted to ask them, well, how could we get the house back? But then slowly, instead of a cat, like having a formal something cough, then it was a little bit more of a human cough that came from Jesse. Yeah. And so first Jesse started kind of coughing a little bit, and that's when Steve realized they just needed more of the human turner juice. And then after they drank a little bit more, they started coughing like people. And then they turned back into totally people that could talk like people. And now the only problem was how to get the house back on the ground. And Steve realized that the only way they could get the house back on the ground, the best idea was not to cut the balloons all the way off, because then the kitty cats would be stuck in the sky forever. And the best idea was not to just pop all of the balloons, because then all the kitty cats would come into the house. Jonah, were you going to say something? Yeah. But then Jonah realized remembered he had a secret workshop that you could go to in the house, a secret part of it that no one know how to get in except him. And he built something like a rocket booster that could get them back down. Yeah. So Jonah went into his workshop, and he built like a bunch of rocket boosters, and he attached it to one end of the house. And he also added a steering wheel to the front of the house, which was connected to the rocket boosters, like it pointed them in a certain direction. And then they ignited the rocket boosters, and it started boosting the house back towards the ground. And Jonah was in charge of steering the house back down. As they got back down, the house got so dark, and Jesse found his special lantern. And when he opened up his lantern, it helped light up the whole house. And that helped everyone in the neighborhood where they lived in Wanica, New Zealand, see that there was a house coming, and they didn't want to have a hard crash landing from the rocket boosters. And so a bunch of people who saw Jesse's lantern, they put a bunch of trampolines together. And then this way, the house just landed on the trampolines. And once the house was back on the trampolines, the whole town started cheering. And everyone wanted to ask about Jonah and Jesse and Stephen, Amanda's special adventure. And they got to tell the story, and they became the heroes of the town. And Stephen, Amanda, and Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end.