Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Bryn, and Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi. My name is Bryn. I am turning seven on January 28, and I live in Mary, New York. I would like a story about a talking dog, a vanity with magic mirror, and a growing pizza. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from two girls named Brin and Juliana who live in Merrick, New York. And today is Bryn's birthday. She is turning seven years old. And so we want to say, happy birthday, Brin and Brin. And Juliana asks for us to make up a story that includes a talking dog, a magic mirror, and a growing pizza. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two girls whose names were Bryn and Juliana. Brin and Juliana lived in a house in Merrick, New York, and one day, their mom told them that she had an important secret to tell them. Her mom said, juliana, Bryn, are you guys ready for this important secret? And Brin said yes. And Bryn and Juliana's mom told them that they were secretly princesses and that she had to keep this a secret from when they were born because she didn't want anyone to know because the castle that they really lived in wasn't ready for them. And inside the castle, all there was inside the entire castle was cookie dough. And Juliana and Brin told their mom that they thought she was joking because how could they be princesses? They were just regular girls who lived in Merrick, New York. Well, Bryn's mom said, I have a picture to show you. And Brin's mom showed Brin and Juliana a picture from when they were babies. And in the picture, baby Brin and baby Juliana were really in front of a pink castle, and there was a horse in the picture, and the horse had a star on it and a gold chain. And Bryn and Juliana said, mom, are you tricking us, or is this really from when we were babies and we were princesses? And Juliana and Bryn's mom said she wasn't tricking. Soon there was a knock on the door, and the knock on the door went instead of knock, knock, knock. It was kind of like every time the person knocked the door, it made a doorbell sound, and it went ding, ding, ding. And Brin and Juliana went to the door, and they opened it up, and they saw that there was a dog who was dressed up as a person. The dog was able to talk, and the dog said to Juliana and Bryn that it comes from a secret kingdom deep in the forest far from New York, and that the kingdom that it comes from is missing its ruler. And the dog asked Bryn and Juliana if it could go with the dog and with their parents all the way to the kingdom, which was missing a ruler. And brin. And Juliana said, okay. Soon enough, a chariot arrived, and it was pulled by two horses, and it had big wheels and a door that you can step inside, and inside the chariot, there were seats, special princess seats for Juliana and Brin to sit on. And then they got into the special chariot, and the horse with the star and the gold chain started pulling Juliana, Brin and Juliana and Brin's mom all the way to the secret Kingdom. As they passed by some regular streets, they could see that there was a pond, and the pond was blocking the way to the secret Kingdom. And suddenly the dog said, hoof. Hoof. How woof. And just as the dog said, hoof, woof. How woof. The water in the pond started to go up and turn into a cloud, and it was like raindrops. But instead of them falling down, the rain fell up back into a cloud, and all of the water got out of the pond. And after the pond was empty, the chariot that Juliana and Brin were in started to go into the empty, dry lake. At the end of the empty and dry lake, there was a tunnel, and the tunnel went underground under the forest to the other side where the Magic Kingdom was. In the tunnel, there were lots of strawberries. The tunnel had strawberry lights that when you turned it on, it looked like strawberry. But if it stayed on for a long time, then strawberry juice would drip down from the ceiling of the tunnel from the strawberry lights, and Brin and Juliana would open their mouths to drink some of the strawberry juice which was falling from the roof of the tunnel. When they got to the other side of the tunnel, they saw the Magic Castle. The Magic Castle was in the kingdom that had no ruler, and the Magic Castle was really special, but it was not full of cookie dough, which is what Juliana and Brin thought the Magic Castle magic Castle magically make cookie dough. The Magic Castle was really special, and the reason that it was so special was that it was made of mirrors. So when you looked at the Magic Castle, it showed you, but it didn't show people's regular reflections. If you went into the Magic Castle and you opened up the mirror door and you looked inside the Magic Castle, instead of seeing you in the mirror, you could see whoever you wanted to see. And so if you wanted to sneak on a friend and see what your friend is doing, all you had to do is look in the magic mirror in the Magic Castle, and it will show you where everyone is hiding, and it will show you what everyone is doing. So Juliana and Brin looked in the Magic Castle, and they saw that their dad was being really silly at home because he was walking upside down on his hands, and he almost fell down. Well, when juliana and Brin looked in the magic mirror in the magic castle. The mirror also told them that they could turn into anyone they want. And Juliana and Brin decided they would turn into their mom and that their mom would have to turn into a little kid. And Juliana and Brin said, mirror, mirror, turn us into our mom. And they turned into two moms that looked like their mom, and then they told their mom that she had to look in the mirror and turn into a kid, and their mom turned into a little kid when they looked in the mirror. And the mom who was turned into a little kid looked into the mirror and said, pizza. Pizza. I want some pizza. And just as she said that, do you know what happened in the mirror? What? A big pizza started to come out of the mirror. And the more that Juliana and Brin looked at the mirror, the bigger the pizza got. And the whole wall in the castle was turning into a big pizza, and the pizza was turning around like a clock. So did they start eating the clock? And so Juliana and Brin said, I know what we should do. We should let everyone who lives in this kingdom share a piece of the pizza because they don't have a ruler. And so they opened up the castle door, and they told all of the people and all of the animals in the magic kingdom that they could each have a little piece of pizza because there was the biggest pizza in the world. And some of them said, well, what if I want two pieces? And Juliana and Brin said, everyone could have two pieces of pizza. And then everyone who lived in the kingdom and all of the kitty cats and all of the doggies and all of the sheep and all of the owls and all of the squirrels and even the elephant whose name was Mumu started to line up and go right towards the castle so Princess Juliana and Princess Bryn could give them a piece of pizza. It was getting late, and everyone had so much pizza, so Brin and Juliana looked in the mirror, and instead of being their moms, they turned back into kids, and they went back home only after their mom turned back into a mom, and Juliana and Brin and their mom went back home, and they lived happily ever after. The end. Hi. My name is IFA. I live in Sydney, and today I went to the magazine to see the dinosaurs. I did for the dirt to find the dinosaur bones, because they're really cool. Hello. This is Steve, the host of makeup stories Kids Canal give shoutouts to their friends on Makeup stories. They can share special memories with our listeners, and they can also share special facts that they know about. Instructions for how to do this are on Facebook.com. Makeup Stories.