Yiddi. Diana. Welcome to makeup stories. If you want to be on the podcast, go to makeupstrees.com. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Nayo AI tonight's makeup story is a request from my younger son Jesse, and I'm telling it live to Jesse and Jonah. And Jesse asked for a story about a candle of family and magnet tiles. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse. And Jesse lived on a faraway planet that was made of wax. And the planet didn't have any sun. Instead, there was a wick on the wax planet. And at the end of the wick, there was a fire. And the whole planet was like a big candle. And the flame from the fire, well, that was kind of like its sun because it was a really big flame, and it warmed up the whole planet. And all of the kids who lived on that planet, they used to have to be careful not to go to the top of the planet where the flame was because there were two problems. One is, the flame was so hot, and two, it melted the wax, and there were rivers of melted wax, and the kids had to watch out where they stepped. Well, one day, Jesse was having an adventure with some of his friends. They were in middle of digging in part of the wax, and they had dump trucks that they were using to move the extra wax around. Well, suddenly, one of Jesse's friends saw that there was a green button, and the green button was buried in middle of the white wax. So Jesse's friend took out the green button and gave it to Jesse. And Jesse said, let's see what this green button does. And Jesse pressed the green button. And just when Jesse pressed the green button, guess what happened? Another Jesse came. And then his brother Jonah was there. And there was a copy of Jonah, and Jesse's mom was there, and there was another Amanda. And Jesse's dad was there, and there was an extra Steve. And Jesse looked at the other Jesse and said, hey, you're not the real Jesse. But the other Jesse looked at Jesse and said, no, you're not the real Jesse. And Jesse started to say, no, I was here first, so you're not the real Jesse. But the other Jesse said, well, I was here second, and I'm the one who gets to decide. And so they started to argue with each other. But there were also two Jonahs, and both of the Jonahs agreed that they shouldn't argue. Instead, they should hold hands and do a big circle of ring around a rosie, because ring around a rosie is more fun if there's more people. And there were so many different Jonahs and Jesse's and Steves and Amandas. So they all started to hold hands, and they started to say, ring around a rosy pocket full of posy. And then when it said, ashes, ashes, they all fell down. And when they fell down, the green button started to make a sound. It went ding, ding, ding. And then suddenly the candle that was the planet, the flame that was lighting the planet on the other side, that was kind of like its sun, well, that started to sparkle. And there were sparkles that were going out into outer space, and each of those little sparkles were turning into little stars. And suddenly their wax planet was starting to move from outer space. The wax planet went so far, it passed like a million, 60, and 63 different planets. So many planets. And finally, the wax planet that they were on got next to a planet called earth. And Jesse got some binoculars because he became friends with the other Jesse. And they started sharing toys. And one of the toys that they shared were binoculars. Regular binoculars have two parts that you could look through, but because there were two Jesse's, they had a binocular that had four holes to look through. And then the two Jesse's could look at the same time. And both of the jesse's looked through their binoculars and they saw that the planet earth was nearby. So they told their parents that they were going to go to the planet earth. And when they got so close to the planet earth, jesse didn't know how to get down from the candle planet all the way to earth. And both of the jonas had to sit down and think of ideas. And so there was no paper to write on. And the way that they had to figure out ideas is to write down their ideas in the wax on the ground. And so Jonah was taking some sticks and writing down, like, different shapes and drawing different shapes, like if they could make a candle rocket ship so that they could go to earth to go visit and see if the people still live there. And he drew a rocket ship and he drew it out of part of the candle. And that's when Jesse said, oh, I have an idea. How about the green button? And Jesse pressed the green button. And then the shape of the rocket ship that Jonah drew, well, that came out of the candle planet, and it became a real rocket ship. So both of the Jonahs and both of the Jesse's and both of the Steves and both of the Amandas, they all went aboard the rocket ship. And Jesse number one decided to be the pilot of the rocket ship, and he was an astronaut. And Jesse number two was the other copilot and coastnot. And Jonah number one and Jonah number two, well, they were the ones in charge of blasting off the engine. So one of the Jonahs counted three, two, one, and then the other lit the rocket ship and was the engineer in charge of steering it and turning the wheel to decide where it goes. And so Jonah's number one and two said, Ready to go? Jesse said, Dumbbell or the sails. And they started blasting off when Jonah counted three, two, one, blast off. And they went off of the wax planet that had the flame and the melting wax next to it. And they blasted off all the way to Earth. When they started getting closer to Earth, they saw that there were white clouds in the sky and they got even lower down and lower down. And they saw that under the white clouds there were houses and there were buildings and there were treetops and there was grass and there was a lot of water. And Jesse told Jonah that it's time to land the rocket ship. But Jonah saw that the rocket ship was starting to melt because it was getting close to the Earth. And they landed on a part of the Earth where it was summer and it was a hot, hot day. Well, Jesse didn't know what to do. But suddenly Jonah number one and Jonah number two saved the day. They saved up some secret tinfoil and they put the tinfoil around the rocket ship so the wax wouldn't melt. And that saved the day. And they were able to land on Earth. And when Jonah number One and Jonah number two and Jesse number One and Jesse number two and Steve number One and Steve number two and also both of the Amandas got off of the wax rocket ship that was covered in tinfoil and they stepped foot on Earth. They saw that Earth was full of dinosaurs. They traveled so far that they went back in time to the olden days before there were even people. And the dinosaurs that were on the planet were really big. And the dinosaurs had humongous heads that were as big as like cars and trucks. And some of the dinosaurs opened their mouths. And inside their mouths, Jesse could see that instead of having teeth, they had pencils. And these dinosaurs used to write things and the dinosaurs would write using their pencil teeth. And the reason people today don't think that dinosaurs could even talk and write is because everything they wrote was in pencil. And it went away because pencil doesn't last forever. Well, Jesse saw this and Jonah number one said, quick, we should take a picture so we could take it back to the Candle Planet and everyone will know. But Jonah number two forgot to bring his camera. And Jesse number one and Jesse number two said guys, we should go back to the rocket ship before any dinosaur gets us. And both of the Steves and both of the Amandas helped both of the Jonahs and both of the Jesse's go back to the Candle rocket ship where they went back to their Candle planet and lived happily ever after. The endo. Thanks for listening to make that story.