Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They were in the middle of playing with some Hot Wheels cars when suddenly they heard a knock on the door. Jonah and Jesse ran to the door together because they both wanted to be the first one to open it. Jesse got there first and opened the door, and he saw that it was his great-grandpa. His great-grandpa had a bag in his hand and said, "Have I got goodies for you. Oh, my." He walked inside the house, and Jesse saw that his great-grandfather had a bag of candy. Jesse asked if he could have some of that candy, and his great-grandfather said that it was for him. There was another bag of candy that was for Jonah and Jesse.

Jonah told their great-grandfather that they were in the middle of playing, and their great-grandfather told them that he knew how to do magic and that he could make the Hot Wheels cars zoom really fast. Jesse said that he was going to show him how to use the Hot Wheel cars the fastest. Jesse made a big loop on a track that the Hot Wheels car had to go on. He pressed a button, and the Hot Wheels car zoomed through it. It went all the way through the loop until it went down on the other side of the track, all the way to the end of the room where the wall was.

Then Jesse's great-grandfather said, "Okay, it's my turn." He got the car, pressed the button, and this time, the car started to get legs instead of wheels. The legs started to run so fast. It wasn't just one leg where each wheel was; there were so many legs, it was like a caterpillar by each wheel. The legs were in circles, and they would kick around so fast that the Hot Wheels was able to go through the loop faster than anything else. Jesse asked, "How did you do that?" Jesse's great-grandfather said that he just used some magic.

Jesse asked, "How did the legs get on the wheels?" Jesse's great-grandfather said that they would have to look at it under a microscope. So Jesse went and got his microscope from on top of the bookshelf where he kept it. He showed his great-grandfather that there was a part of the microscope where you looked through, and you put your eye right on top of it. There were a lot of magnifying glasses inside the microscope, and it made a picture of whatever you were looking at look bigger.

His great-grandfather put the Hot Wheels under the microscope, and Jesse looked through the hole. He was able to see that on each one of the Hot Wheels legs, there were lots of little fingers that were crawling all about. The fingers had nail polish on the ends of the nails, and the nail polish was changing colors on all of the different fingers. Jesse looked away from the microscope, and right when he looked away, the Hot Wheels car escaped from under the microscope. The Hot Wheels car started to race by itself all over the room. Then it got bigger.

The Hot Wheels car got so big that Jesse and his great-grandfather decided to go in it. Jonah also went in it, sitting in the backseat. Jesse was the driver, and he drove the Hot Wheels car through the window until he got outside. When he got outside, he saw that there were lots of little slugs that were getting so big and were slithering about the grass outside of his house. The Hot Wheels car didn't want the legs to crush all of the slugs, so it started to jump up. The Hot Wheels car jumped up and started to fly around on top of the houses in Wanuka. As it flew around, it had to grow big wings that would help it stay afloat. But as it was flying, one of the wings fell off in a big breeze of wind.

That's when Jesse's great-grandfather had to come up with a new invention to get the Hot Wheels car to still fly. Jesse's great-grandfather, who was sitting in a car seat because he was a silly great-grandpa, said that they needed to make a screw. The screw would turn so fast and be at the bottom of the car that it would make wind go around it, and the screw would push down the wind, keeping the car afloat. Jesse agreed.

Jesse's great-grandfather looked through the magical microscope and pointed it at the bottom of the car. Suddenly, a large screw appeared at the bottom of the car. It had all sorts of turny things that turned so fast it made wind on the bottom, keeping the car all the way up in the air. As they were flying through the air, the car was running out of gas and was ready to fall out of the sky. That's exactly when Jesse said, "Time to turn the candy into gas." He took out some of the pieces of candy that his great-grandfather had in his magic bag. Jesse put the candy in the gas tank of the car, and the candy turned into gas so that the car could keep going.

The car was driving by a bunch of birds that were flying in the air, and the birds started to chase the car. Jesse had to go so fast, and he pressed down on the pedal as fast as he could. He turned the car sideways as it flew past some great big trees all the way to the boathouse at the edge of the lake. Jesse landed the car at the boathouse at the edge of the lake. He opened up the door and unbuckled his great-grandfather from the car seat. His big brother Jonah also got out of the car. They were ready to get out of the car. Right after they got out of the car, the car turned small again into a regular Hot Wheels car. Jesse's great-grandfather disappeared.

Jesse picked up his Hot Wheels car and said to his big brother Jonah, "How are we going to get back home?" Jonah looked in his pocket and saw that the microscope also got little and went in his pocket. So Jesse and Jonah decided that the best way for them to go home would be for Jonah to write the letters H-O-M-E, which spells "home." They would look at the letters under the microscope, and then a house would appear, and they would go in that house.

Jonah wrote down the letters, and they looked at them under the microscope. When they looked at the letters, they saw a house appear right in front of them. Jonah and Jesse walked into the house. When they got into the house, they saw that their parents were there. Jesse told his dad, Steve, that their great-grandfather was there and that they had a bag of candy and were playing with a Hot Wheels car. The Hot Wheels car had so many legs where the wheels were supposed to be, and it got big after they looked at it under a microscope. They went out of the window and started flying, and it almost fell out of the air. One of the wings fell off, and they had to invent a special kind of screw that kept it afloat. He told his dad everything that happened in the story.

When his dad looked at him, he said, "Jesse, do you still have that magical microscope?" Jesse looked in Jonah's pocket and saw that he still did. Jonah and Jesse decided that they would use that magical microscope from then on to create whatever toy they wanted by just writing down the name, and then it would become real. Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.