Aya nayo AI. Welcome to makeup, starry eve. My name is AV. Go to makeupstaries.com and join our club. Thank you. Nayo AI. Tonight's makeup story is request from my younger son, Jesse, who asks for me to make up a story about a magical microscope. And Jonah didn't ask for anything in it. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse were in middle of playing with some Hot Wheels cars when suddenly they heard a knock on the door. And Jonah and Jesse ran to the door together because they both wanted to be the first one to open the door. And Jesse got there first. And Jesse opened the door, and he saw that it was his great grandpa. And his great grandpa had a bag in his hand. And he said, Have I got goodies for you. Oh, my. And he walked inside the house, and Jesse saw that his great grandfather had a bag of candy. And Jesse said, Can I have some of that candy? And his great grandfather said that it was for him. And there was another bag of candy that was for Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah told their great grandfather that they were in middle of playing and their great grandfather told them that he knew how to do magic and that he could make the Hot Wheels cars zoom really fast. And Jesse said that he was going to show him how to use the Hot Wheel cars the fastest. And Jesse made a big loop that was on a track that the Hot Wheels car had to go on. And he pressed a button, and the Hot Wheels car zoomed through it. And it went all the way through the loop until it went down on the other side of the track all the way to the end of the room where the wall was. And then Jesse's great grandfather said, okay, it's my turn. And he got the car, and he pressed the button. And this time the car started to get legs instead of wheels. And the legs started to run so fast. And it wasn't just like one leg where each wheel was. There were so many legs, it was like a caterpillar by each wheel. And the legs were in circles, and they would kick around so fast that the Hot Wheels was able to go through the loop faster than anything else. And Jesse said, how did you do that? And Jesse's great grandfather said that he just used some magic. And Jesse said, how did the legs get on the wheels? And Jesse's great grandfather said that they were going to have to look at it under a microscope. So Jesse went and he got his microscope from on top of the bookshelf where he kept it. And he showed his great grandfather that there was a part of the microscope where you looked through and you put your eye right on top of it. And then there was kind of a lot of magnifying glasses inside the microscope, and it made a picture of whatever you were looking at look bigger. And his great grandfather put the Hot Wheels under the microscope, and Jesse looked through the hole, and he was able to see that on each one of the Hot Wheels legs, there were lots of little fingers that were crawling all about. And the fingers had nail polish on the ends of the nails, and the nail polish was changing colors on all of the different fingers. Jesse looked away from the microscope, and right when he looked away, the Hot Wheels car escaped from under the microscope. And the Hot Wheels car started to race by itself all over the room. And then it got bigger. The Hot Wheels car got so big that Jesse and his great grandfather decided to go in it. And Jonah also went in it in the backseat. Jesse was the driver, and Jesse drove the Hot Wheels car through the window until he got outside. When he got outside, he saw that there were lots of little slugs that were getting to be so big and were slithering about the grass outside of his house. And the Hot Wheel car, well, he didn't want the legs to crush all of the slugs. So he started to get the Hot Wheels car to jump up. And the Hot Wheels car jumped up, and it started to fly around on top of the houses in Wanuka. And when it flew around, it had to grow big wings that would help it stay afloat. But as it was flying, one of the wings fell off in a big breeze of wind. And that's when Jesse's great grandfather had to come up with a new invention to get the Hot Wheels car to still fly. And Jesse's great grandfather, who was sitting in a car seat because he was a silly great grandpa, said that they needed to make kind of like a screw. And the screw would turn so fast and it would be in bottom of the car that it would make wind go around it and the screw would push down the wind, and that would keep the car afloat. And Jesse said okay. And Jesse's great grandfather looked through the magical microscope, and he pointed it at the bottom of the car, and suddenly a big, large screw appeared in the bottom of the car. And it had all sorts of turny things that turned so fast it made wind on the bottom, and that kept the car all the way up in the air. Well, as they were flying through the air, the car was running out of gas, and it was ready to fall out of the sky. But that's exactly when Jesse said, time to turn the candy into gas. And he took out some of the pieces of candy that his great grandfather had in his magic bag. And Jesse put the candy in the gas tank of the car. And the candy turned into gas so that the car could keep going. The car was driving by a bunch of birds that were flying in the air, and the birds started to chase the car. And Jesse had to go so fast, and he pressed down on the pedal as fast as he could, and he turned the car sideways as it flew past some great big trees all the way to the boat house at the edge of the lake. And Jesse landed the car and the boathouse at the edge of the lake. And he opened up the door, and he also unbuckled his great grandfather from the car seat. And his big brother Jonah also got out of the car. They were ready to get out of the car. And right after they got out of the car, the car turned small again into a regular Hot Wheels car. And Jesse's great grandfather disappeared. And Jesse picked up his Hot Wheels car, and he said to his big brother Jonah, how are we going to get back home? And Jonah looked in his pocket, and he saw that the microscope also got little and the microscope went in his pocket. So Jesse and Jonah decided that the best way for them to go home would be for Jonah to write the letters H-O-M-E. That spells home. And they would look at the letters under the microscope, and then a house would appear, and they would go in that house. So Jonah wrote down the letters, and they looked at them under the microscope. And when they looked at the letters, they saw a house appear right in front of them. And Jonah and Jesse walked into the house. When they got into the house, they saw that their parents were there. And Jesse told his dad, Steve, that their great grandfather was there and that they had a bag of candy and they were playing with a Hot Wheels car. And the Hot Wheels car had so many legs that were where the wheels were supposed to be, and that it got big after they looked at it under a microscope. And that they went out of the window and they started flying, and it almost fell out of the air, and one of the wings fell off. And they had to invent a special kind of screw that kept it afloat. And he told his dad everything that happened in the story. And when his dad looked at him, he said, jesse, do you still have that magical microscope? And Jesse looked in Jonah's pocket, and he saw that he's still dead. And Jonah and Jesse decided that they would use that magical microscope from then and there to create whatever toy they wanted by just writing down the name. And then it would become real. And Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The End indiana thanks for listening. This is the best club ever. Tell your friends. Dai.