Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Vienna. It was Vienna's fifth birthday, and as a special treat, her mom and dad were taking her on a big ChuChu train. The big ChuChu train arrived at the station, and it said, "ChuChu." Vienna and her parents were ready to board. The conductor came out of the train and said, "All aboard." Vienna and her parents grabbed their suitcases, and Vienna had a little unicorn suitcase. They all went into the train.

After they got on the train, the conductor showed them to their seats. Vienna was happy because she found some markers waiting for her on her seat. There was also some paper for her to draw on. The conductor said, "We're ready to go," and he rang a bell that went, "ding dong." The ChuChu train started to move, and Vienna was excited. This was not an ordinary ChuChu train. She had heard of this train before. It went through a tunnel with glowing worms, glow-in-the-dark worms, and it traveled through the middle of the earth, all the way to the other side of the planet. The tunnel wasn't hot, even though there's magma in the middle of the earth, because it was made of titanium, a very strong metal. So, Vienna and her parents went on this amazing ChuChu train journey.

When they reached the other side of the earth, the ChuChu train came out of the tunnel and said, "ChuChu." They arrived at a station, and guess who opened the train doors? A unicorn conductor! They had arrived on a secret island where unicorns were in charge. Unicorns lived in unicorn houses, and they had unicorn policemen, firemen, pilots, and bus drivers. Unicorns were in charge of everything. There were playgrounds for unicorns, and they could do lots of tricks. Some unicorns even balanced on their horns! One of them at the playground started spinning around on his horn, and all the other unicorns clapped. It was really special.

On this island, some unicorns turned houses into ChuChus. Unicorns didn't like living in regular houses because they were made for people. Instead, they lived in old ChuChu train compartments because they were bigger and had more room for their unicorn beds and friends.

One of the grown-up unicorns told Vienna that he had a baby unicorn named Unba. Unba needed to go to the other side of the earth where people lived because it needed a human animal doctor to help it. Vienna said she could take the baby unicorn through the ChuChu train tunnel to the other side of the earth and help it get better. So, she did. When they got back to her house on the other side of the earth, Vienna held the baby unicorn, and everyone in the town was amazed that she had brought back a real-life unicorn. Vienna told everyone that the unicorn had magic powers, and all her friends wanted to know what it could do.

Vienna gathered her friends in a circle on the grass and said, "Watch what the unicorn can do." She and the unicorn started to do a rain dance. They stomped their feet, turned in circles, and waved their hands in the air. The unicorn balanced on its head like the other unicorns, and it started to thunder and rain. All the kids clapped because they knew Vienna and the unicorn had made it rain with their dance. Then, Vienna showed them a snow dance. She and the unicorn danced around, and she even stood on top of the unicorn. They did special tricks, and the unicorn did a cartwheel. They said, "snow, snow, snow," and it started to snow. All the kids were happy because they got to play in the snow, go sledding, make snowmen, have snowball fights, and make snow angels.

Vienna also showed them a Sundance. She held hands with the unicorn, and they danced around in a circle, like ring around the rosy. Instead of falling down at the end, they jumped up. After the dance, the sun came out, but the snow didn't melt. The kids were happy because they could play in the snow without wearing jackets or gloves.

Just as the kids were having fun, Vienna remembered that she needed to take the baby unicorn to a doctor. She asked her mom, "Where is the unicorn doctor in town?" Her mom said, "Vienna, I'm not sure there's a unicorn doctor in town. You'll need to take a balloon ride from the Earth to the clouds. When you get to the clouds, there will be a talking cloud. You and the unicorn need to go inside the cloud's mouth, which has no teeth, so it won't hurt. Once inside, the cloud will say, 'UBA dubai ding papum Zinfa lububa.' As the cloud says that, the unicorn will get better and be able to go back to the unicorn side of the world."

Vienna found some balloons and floated up to the clouds with the unicorn. They found the talking cloud, went inside its mouth, and the unicorn got better. Vienna steered the balloons back to earth by doing a special dance. When she landed, all her friends said they were proud of her and wanted to be in her unicorn club. Everyone in the world wanted to join Vienna's unicorn club. She told them that maybe one day they could visit the unicorn by taking the special train through the world. Her friends were so happy, and Vienna and her family lived happily ever after. The end.