Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Vienna. It was Vienna's fifth birthday, and as a birthday treat, Vienna's mom and Vienna's dad were taking Vienna on a big ChuChu train. The big ChuChu train got into the ChuChu train station, and it said, "ChuChu." And Vienna and her parents were ready to board. The conductor came out of the train and said, "All aboard." And Vienna and her parents grabbed all of their suitcases, and Vienna had a little unicorn suitcase, and they went in the train. 

After they got in the train, the conductor showed them where their seat was, and Vienna was happy because she got some markers which were right on her seat waiting for her. And there was also some paper so that she could draw on it. Well, the conductor said, "We're ready to go," and he started to ring a bell. It said, "ding dong." And then the ChuChu train started to go, "ChuChu," and it started to go again. Vienna was happy because this was not an ordinary ChuChu train. She knew that she heard of this ChuChu train before. This one went through a tunnel that had glowing worms, glow in the dark worms, and this one went through the middle of the earth, and it went all the way to the other side of the planet. It wasn't hot for this tunnel in the middle of the earth. Even though there's magma in the middle of the earth, it wasn't hot for this train because it was in a titanium tunnel, and titanium is such a strong metal. And so Vienna went with her parents through the earth on this ChuChu train.

When they got to the other side of the earth, the ChuChu train came out of the tunnel, and it said "ChuChu." And they arrived at a station. And once they arrived at a station, do you know who opened up the ChuChu train doors? It was a unicorn conductor. They arrived on the other side of the earth at a secret island where unicorns were in charge, and unicorns lived in unicorn houses, and they had unicorn policemen, and they had unicorn fire people, and they had unicorn pilots, and they had unicorn bus drivers, and unicorns were just in charge of everything. You could see unicorns. They had playgrounds for unicorns, and the unicorns could do a lot of tricks and playgrounds. There were some unicorns that when they went to the unicorn playground, they balanced on their unicorn horn. Can you imagine that? And one of them at the playground even started spinning around on his unicorn horn, and all of the other unicorns were clapping. It was really special.

Well, Vienna, some of them even turned the houses into ChuChus. And some of the unicorns unicorns usually don't like living in regular houses because regular houses are made for people, and so unicorns tend to live in you know how ChuChu trains have different cars, different compartments they used to live in, like old ChuChu trains like that, because ChuChu trains are bigger than just regular cars and stuff. So the unicorns were able to walk around more, and it could fit a unicorn bed. And there's room for more friends. Yeah, and there's room for more other unicorns that were friends. 

Well, one of the grown-up unicorns told Vienna that he had a baby unicorn whose name was Unba and Unba. The unicorn, he said, needed to go to the other side of the earth where people lived because it needed an animal doctor that was a person to help it. And do you know what happened? Vienna said that she could take the baby unicorn through the ChuChu train tunnel to the other side of the earth and help get it better, and so she did. And when she got back to her house on the other side of the earth and the ChuChu train came out of the tunnel that had the glow worms inside it, Vienna held the baby unicorn, and everyone in the town was so surprised that she was able to bring back a real-life unicorn from the other side of the world. And Vienna told everyone that the unicorn had some magic powers, and all of her friends wanted to know what the unicorn can do. And so Vienna told her friends, who were sitting down in the grass in a circle, she said, "Watch what the unicorn can do." And all of her friends looked at Vienna and the unicorn as they started to do a rain dance. And Vienna started banging her feet on the ground, and she started to turn around in circles and be a little bit silly and wave her hands in the air. And the unicorn started to stomp and also do its trick where it was balancing on the head like the other unicorn, and it started to thunder, and then it rained, and all of the kids were clapping because they knew that Vienna and the unicorn made it rain by doing their rain dance. And then Vienna showed them that she could also do a snow dance. And she and the unicorn started dancing about, and she stood on top of the unicorn, which the unicorn let, and then the unicorn gave Vienna a ride, and they did a lot of special tricks, and the unicorn even did a cartwheel. Have you ever seen a unicorn do a cartwheel? No. Well, this unicorn was able to. And then do you know what happened? They said, "snow, snow, snow." And it started to snow because that was their snow dance. And all of the kids were so happy because they all got to play in the snow, and they went on sleds, and they made snowmen, and they had snow fights, which were just for fun, and nobody got hurt, and they had a lot of fun. They got to even make snow angels in the snow. And it was a lot of fun for the kids.

And then Vienna showed them that she could also do a Sundance, and she did a special dance with the unicorn where she held hands with the unicorn, and they went round and round, and it looked a little bit like ring around a rosy, but instead of falling down at the end, they had to jump up. And then after she did that with the unicorn, the sun came out, and it was such a nice day, but the snow was still on the ground, and the snow didn't melt. So all of the kids were so happy because they could play in the snow, and it was nice out, and they didn't even have to wear jackets, and they didn't even have to wear gloves, and they didn't even have to wear anything that would make them too hot. And so the kids were having so much fun just as the kids were having fun. Vienna remembered that she needed to take the baby unicorn to a doctor. So Vienna asked her mom, "Mom, where is the unicorn doctor in town?" And Vienna's mom said, "Vienna, I'm not sure there's a unicorn doctor in town. The way you're going to have to get to the unicorn doctor is you're going to need to take a balloon ride all the way from the Earth to the clouds. And when you get to the clouds, there's going to be a cloud that can talk to you, and you and the unicorn need to go inside the cloud's mouth, and there's no teeth, so it won't hurt. And then once you go inside the cloud's mouth, the cloud will say, 'UBA dubai ding papum Zinfa lububa.' And just as the cloud says that, then the unicorn will get better and will be able to go back to the unicorn side of the world." 

And so Vienna found some balloons, and she held onto the balloons, and the unicorn did, too. And she floated all the way up to the clouds, and there was a cloud that had a mouth and started to say that, and she went in, and the unicorn went to the other side of the world and was all better. Well, Vienna flew the balloons slowly back down to the earth because she was able to steer the balloons by doing a special dance. And when she got back to the earth. All of her friends said they were so proud of her, and they all wanted to be in her unicorn club. And everyone in the world wanted to be in Vienna's unicorn club. And she told them that maybe one day they could go visit the unicorn by taking the special train through the world to where the unicorn lived. And her friends were so happy. And Vienna and her family lived happily ever after. The end.