Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Grayson. One day, as Grayson's mama was tucking him into bed, Grayson heard a ChuChu sound outside his house, behind the window. Grayson had heard trains before, and he knew that whenever there was a ChuChu sound, there was going to be a train nearby. But Grayson didn't know that there was a ChuChu train so close to his house. So Grayson looked out of his window, and he saw a new magical ChuChu train right near his house.

The magical ChuChu train had balloons on top, and the front part of the train, the engine, was covered in sprinkles. It had a big candy cane on top, and the wheels were made out of the round part of lollipops. Grayson knew it was a magical train. Grayson asked his mom if they could get out of bed to look at the magical train. Grayson's mom said, okay, and Grayson put on his coat over his pajamas. Grayson and his mom walked outside in the snow until they reached the magic ChuChu train.

Grayson saw that the magic ChuChu train didn't go on regular train tracks. Instead, the train tracks were made up of a rainbow kind of light, and they were floating in the air. The ChuChu train was also floating, just like a magnet. Inside the ChuChu train were lots of stuffed animals, like elephants, bears, and rabbits. There was even a lion stuffed animal with seven eyes. When the lion tried to roar, all it could say was Moo. The conductor of the train was very small. He was so small that he had to ride on a mouse. The mouse was like a horsey for him because the conductor sat on the mouse. Then he would tell someone bigger than him, like a big bunny rabbit, where to steer the train.

The littlest conductor in the world saw that there were new passengers on the train. He rode the mouse up to Grayson's mom's shoulder and asked if they had any tickets for the magic train. Grayson's mom showed the tiny conductor their snow ticket. The little conductor said, okay, and the mouse went back down to the steering wheel of the train. It told the bunny rabbit they could go. The tiny conductor said, "Abaluda." Grayson asked his mom what that meant. Grayson's mom said, "That's how teeny tiny little conductors say, 'All aboard.'" So Grayson and his mom said "Abaluda" too, and everyone was on the magical stuffed animal train.

The conductor said, "Time to go." The ChuChu train went ChuChu and started floating through the air, passing by some trees next to Grayson's house. The train floated up on top of roofs, and wherever it floated, there was the rainbow light kind of train track right under it so it wouldn't fall down. As the train was floating, Grayson saw some really fast fighter jets flying in front of the train. Grayson asked his mom why there were such fast fighter jets. Grayson's mom told him that the fighter jets were the fastest kinds of airplanes and they wanted to have a race with the magical ChuChu train. Grayson and his mom thought they would need rocket engines on the ChuChu train to go faster than the fighter jets.

So they went to the conductor, who was riding the little mouse because he was so teeny tiny. Grayson said, "Little teeny tiny conductor, we need rocket engines on the ChuChu train or else it won't go faster than the fighter jets." The little conductor said, "Okay, rocket engines coming up." Some bear stuffed animals found the secret rocket engines in the back of the train and attached them. They said, "Three, two, one, blast off!" Grayson, his mom, all the stuffed animals, and the teeny tiny conductor blasted off in the magical ChuChu train, going even faster than the fighter jets.

Soon, the train reached a tunnel. Grayson said, "Let's go through the tunnel." The little conductor asked, "Are you sure we should go there? That's called the Tunnel of Magic Lights." Grayson said, "Yeah, because magic lights could be fun." The little conductor agreed, and Grayson, the conductor, all the stuffed animals, and Grayson's mom zoomed through the Tunnel of Magic Lights. Inside the tunnel, there was a special light that let you see inside people and see the color of their hearts. Blue hearts meant they wanted to share and be friends.

Grayson saw that all the stuffed animals had blue hearts. He told them they could be friends. Grayson also saw that his mom, the conductor, and the mouse had blue hearts. Soon, the train left the tunnel, but Grayson still liked the magic light. The teeny tiny conductor gave Grayson a little flashlight to take home. If Grayson ever wasn't sure if someone wanted to share or be nice, he could shine the magic flashlight on them to see if they had a blue heart.

Grayson took the little flashlight from the conductor, and his mom asked the ChuChu train to drop them off at their house. The conductor said goodbye, and Grayson said goodbye to all the stuffed animals. He brought his little magic flashlight home, and whenever he didn't know if someone wanted to share, he shined the magic flashlight at them. It always showed that their hearts were blue and they wanted to share. Grayson and his family lived happily ever after. The end.