Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Murphy. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Hi, my name is Grayson, and I live in Ottawa, Canada, and I just turned five on January 4. And I would like a story about a train and a rocket and tunnel. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Grayson, who lives in Ottawa, Canada, and who turned five two weeks ago on January 4. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Grayson. And Grayson asked for us to make up a story that includes a train, a rocket, and a tunnel. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Grayson. One day, as Grayson's mama was putting Grayson to sleep, grayson heard a ChuChu outside of his house, behind the window. Grayson had heard trains before, and he knew that whenever there was a ChuChu sound that there was going to be a train nearby. But Grayson didn't know that there was a ChuChu train so close to his house. And so Grayson looked out of his window, and Grayson looked out of his window, and he saw that there was a new magical ChuChu train right near his house. The magical ChuChu train had balloons on top, and the front part of the train, the engine that was colored in sprinkles, and it had a big candy cane on top, and the wheels were made out of, like, the round part in lollipops. And Grayson knew that it was a magical train. And Grayson asked his mom if they could get out of bed because there was a magical train. And Grayson told his mom it was a really good idea if they just went to look at the magical train. So Grayson's mom said, okay, and Grayson had his pajamas on, and his mom gave him a coat to wear on top of his pajamas. And Grayson and his mom walked outside in the snow until they got to the magic ChuChu train. Grayson saw that the magic ChuChu train didn't go on regular ChuChu train tracks. Instead, the ChuChu train tracks were made up of a rainbow kind of light, and they were floating in the air. And the ChuChu train was also floating, just like it was a magnet. And the ChuChu train had lots of stuffies inside, and there were stuffies that were of elephants, and there were bear stuffies, and there were rabbit stuffies. There was even a lion stuffy that had seven eyes. And whenever the lion stuffy tried to roar, all it could say was Moo. And the conductor of the train was really very small. He was such a small conductor that he had to go on a ride in a mouse. And the mouse was like a horsey for him because the conductor of the train sat on the mouse. And then he would steer the train by telling somebody bigger than him, like a big bunny rabbit, where to pull the train's steering wheel. The littlest conductor in the world saw that there were new passengers on the train. And the littlest conductor went on the mouse. And the mouse climbed all the way up Grayson's mom's shoulder and said to Grayson's mom, do you guys have any tickets for the magic train? And Grayson's mom showed the little tiny conductor that was going on a ride on top of the Mouse that they had a snow ticket. And the little conductor said, okay. And the mouse went back down his mom and all the way back to the steering wheel of the train. And it told the bunny rabbit that they could go. And so the tiny conductor said, Abaluda. And Grayson asked his mom what that means. And Grayson's mom said, that's how teensy tinesy itty bitty enie weenie little conductors say, all aboard. So Grayson went abaluda and his mom did too. And everyone was on the stuffy magic train. The conductor said, Time to go. And then the ChuChu went ChuChu. And it started floating through the air as it passed by some trees which were next to Grayson's house. And the train started to float until it went up on top of roofs. And wherever it floated, there was the rainbow light kind of ChuChu train track right under it so it wouldn't fall down. And it was such a good train at floating. As the train was floating, grayson saw that there were some really fast fighter jets that were flying in front of the train. And Grayson asked his mom why there were such fast fighter jets. And Grayson's mom told Grayson that the fighter jets were the fastest kinds of airplanes and they wanted to have a race with the magical ChuChu train. And so Grayson told his mom that they would need to get rocket engines on the ChuChu train. And Grayson and his mom said, that is a good idea. So they went to the conductor, and the conductor was riding the little mouse because he was so teeny tiny. And Grayson said, little teeny tiny itty bitty, incy weency conductor, we need rocket engines on the ChuChu train or else it will not go faster than the fighter jets. And the little itty bitty eatsy weency teeny tiny conductor said, okay, rocket engines coming up. And then some of the stuffies. There were some bear stuffies. They're the ones who found the secret rocket engines which were in the back of the train. And they screwed on the rocket engines. And they said, Three, two, one, blast off. And Grayson and his mom and all of the Stuffies and the teeny tiny conductor all blasted off in the magical ChuChu train. And they went even faster than the fighter jet. Soon the train got to a tunnel, and Grayson said, let's go through the tunnel. And the little teeny tiny conductor said, are you sure we should go there? Because that is called the Tunnel of Magic. Lights. And Grayson said, yeah, because magic lights could be good and fun. And the little teeny tiny conductor said, okay. And so Grayson and the teeny tiny conductor and all of the stuffies on the train and Grayson's mom swooshed through the Tunnel of Magic lights. When they got in the Tunnel of Magic lights, they found that there was no light at all. There was only a kind of light that made you see inside of people, and you can see where their hearts are, and you can see if their heart is blue. And if you you can see whatever color somebody's heart is. And it tells you if they want to share with you and play with you and be your friend, that's the kind of light that shined in the tunnel. And so Grayson saw that all of the stuffies had blue hearts. And the little teeny tiny conductor the little teeny tiny conductor said that if somebody's heart is blue, when you look at it with the magic light, then it means they want to be your friend and share with you. And so Grayson told the Stuffies that they could be friends. And Grayson also saw that his mom had a blue heart and that the conductor and the mouse also had blue hearts. Soon, the train went out of the tunnel, but Grayson said he still liked that magic light. And the teeny tiny conductor told Grayson that he could have a little flashlight that he could bring home with him. And if he ever wasn't sure if somebody wanted to share with him or be nice to him, all he had to do is shine his invisible magic little flashlight on a person, and that will show if they have a blue nice heart inside or not. And Grayson took the little, teeny tiny, itty bitty little flashlight from the teensy tincy conductor and Grace. Then his mom told the ChuChu train to drop them off at his house. And the ChuChu train conductor said bye bye. And Grayson told all of the stuff he's by, and he brought his little magic light flashlight home. And whenever he didn't know if somebody wanted to share with him, he just shined the magic flashlight at them. And it always showed that their hearts were blue and they wanted to share. And Grayson and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. If your birthday is in February or March and you want me to make up a story story for you, then go to the Makeup Stories Facebook page@facebook.com makeup Stories, and follow the instructions for how to submit a story. Thanks for listening.