Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They were inside their house when they heard the doorbell ring. Jonah and Jesse ran to the front door of their house. They opened it up, and there was a mailman there. The mailman had a little package, and the package had Jonah and Jesse's names on it. Jonah and Jesse brought it to the kitchen and asked their parents if they could open it. Jonah and Jesse's mom, Amanda, said that they could. So, Jonah got a butter knife, and he opened up the package. After he opened the package, Jesse took out what was inside, and what was inside was a book that had a maze. Jesse got a pencil, and he started drawing with the pencil to get to the end of the maze.

When Jesse drew with his pencil, going through the lines, up and down around different corners until he finally got to the end of the maze, the whole book changed colors, and it turned into a rainbow-colored book. Jesse and Jonah knew that that was because Jesse got to the end of the maze. Jesse told Jonah that it was a magic book that they got in the mail. When Jonah picked up the book, it changed from rainbow color and got to be really big, and it was all black, and the outside of the book was black, and all of the pages on the inside of the book were black. It was getting to be so heavy, Jonah couldn't even hold it anymore. It got to be so heavy he had to put it on the floor.

Well, the black book was getting to be so big, it wouldn't even fit in their house. It was getting bigger and bigger and heavier and heavier, and it was starting to make a hole in the floor. The book got so big and so heavy that it fell through the bottom of the house and was starting to fall through the ground. It was making a deeper and deeper hole in the ground under Jonah and Jesse's house. Jonah and Jesse rushed to get their mom and dad, and Jesse got their dad, Steve. Steve came, and he looked in the living room, and he saw there was a ginormous hole, and in the hole was this heavy black book that was sinking deeper and deeper. Steve said, "What did you guys do?" Jesse said, "I just did a maze that came in the mail. And then I gave it to Jonah, and it turned into a rainbow book. And then when Jonah held it, it turned black and got bigger and heavier and fell on the floor. And after it fell on the floor, it started to make a hole in the ground."

Steve said, "Well, we have to figure out some way to fill this hole up." Jesse said he had an idea. Jesse went to the garage and got the hose. Jonah turned on the hose, and Jesse put the hose in the hole, and they started to fill up the big hole with water. As they started to fill the hole up with water, the hose was going on full blast, and more and more water was piling up until it looked like a well. Jesse decided that they should take a toy boat that he had in his bathtub, and they should take the toy boat out of his bathtub, and they should dump it in the hole. Jesse got the toy boat out of his bathtub and dumped it in the hole where the hose water was going, right in the middle of the living room floor. After he dumped the boat in there, the boat turned real.

The boat had an engine on it now, and the engine was starting to go, and the water was getting higher and higher and higher until it got all the way up to the floor of Jonah and Jesse's house. Jesse said, "Quick, everyone, it's going to flood our house, so we have to go in the boat." Jonah, Jesse, Steve, and Amanda went in the boat. Soon the flood was getting so big, it was flooding even out of their house. There was water that was going all over the grass outside and all over the hills, and it was going all over the whole of Wanika, which is where they lived. It was a really good thing that they were in the boat because Jesse saw some other people that needed to be saved. Jonah said, "Come here," and there were some old people, and they were in the water, and they got on the boat. Jesse also saw that there were some animals, like bunny rabbits, that needed help because it was hard for them to swim in the water. He let them on the boat, too.

Well, they saw that quickly the boat was coming up to the shore of a big hill. It might have even been a mountain. All of the grass that was on that big green hill had little dots of pollen on top of them. There were bees buzzing about, and the bees were carrying the pollen, picking it up, and putting the little pieces of white pollen on top of the water. There were so many bees that picked up so much pollen from all of the grass that was on top of this big hill. They put all of the pollen on top of the water that it looked like the water had soap bubbles on top of it. Jonah and Jesse parked their boat. They docked it on the hill and went off on the hill. The bees decided to be nice, and they didn't even chase Jonah and Jesse.

Jonah and Jesse saw that there was a castle on the hill, and the castle had a sign that said, "Enter if you dare." Jesse asked Jonah if they should dare. Jonah said that they should. So Jonah and Jesse took the old people and the rabbits with them and entered the big castle. The big castle, when they got inside, looked really small. That's when Jesse had an idea. Jesse said, "Because the castle was big on the outside and when you got in, it was really small. Maybe if we took an empty hose and put the empty hose in the water outside and put the other end of the empty hose in the castle, then it would suck in the water from the outside and clear all the water away from there and put it inside the castle. And it would get small because everything that went in the castle would get small."

So Jonah and Jesse got the empty hose and put it outside, deep in the water. They put the other end of the hose in the castle, right in the castle's little bathtub. Soon the water started pumping through the hose and started to go in the bathtub. So much water came out from the lake that was outside. It all went through the hole. But when it went into the bathtub inside the castle, it only looked like a few little drops. Jesse said that there was some magic in the castle. They decided to look from room to room, opening all the big doors that were made of strong oak wood. They opened the big doors to look for a princess and see if there were any magicians hiding in a closet or maybe under a table.

Jesse looked all around in different rooms. Each room he looked in got smaller and smaller until he saw that there was one room at the tippy top of the castle. When he opened the door to the room, there was a smaller room inside that room. He opened the door into the smaller room. When he opened the door into the smaller room, he saw an even smaller room. The smaller room that was inside the small room was made of mirrors. Jesse went inside, and the mirrors were kind of bent. They were roundish. When he went inside that smaller room, the mirrors were arranged in such a way that he looked so tiny in the mirror. Jesse thought that he became small. There was a hole at the bottom of that small room. Jesse decided because he was so small, he would squeeze through that little hole. Jesse and his reflection went down the little hole. They fell down a slide, and the slide took them all the way to the entrance of the castle.

At the entrance of the castle, Jonah, Jesse's mom, and Jesse's dad were waiting. There was a whole parade outside. By finding the small room inside the small room, Jesse saved the world and made all of the water go away. Even his house that had that big hole in it was back to normal. The whole town of Wanika was cheering for Jesse because he was the one who found the secret room. Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.

Thank you for listening to makeup stories. My name is Francis. Go to makeupstory.com to join the club. Tell your friends.