Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse lived in a house that was in a playground. And all around their house were different play structures like slides, monkey bars, and a merry-go-round. There was a seesaw, and the seesaw was so big that on one side of it, it had a little chicken house, a chicken coop that kids could go in, but it smelled really bad. And on the other side of the big seesaw, it had a house for dogs, a dog house. And kids could also go in that. And there could be two kids at a time in the chicken coop on one side of the seesaw and two kids at a time on the other side of the seesaw where the dog house was. And sometimes Jonah and Jesse would play on that seesaw when they had their cousins over.

Well, one day it started to rain, and the seesaw was getting really wet, and there were no towels to clean up the slide. And Jonah and Jesse didn't want to get their pants all wet. And so Jonah asked Jesse if he wanted to go on an adventure, and Jesse said that he did, but that they would have to be safe. Jonah showed Jesse that inside the house, there was a secret room. And the secret room was a hatch that you opened up in the floor. It was under a carpet, so you couldn't usually see it. And after you opened up the hatch, there was an underground chamber that had a big train in it. And once you went into the underground chamber, you could go whoosh right into the train. And it was the fastest train in the world, and it could go under the ground and under the ocean all the way to the continent of Antarctica.

And Jesse and Jonah went on the train, and they sat down in a seat, and they whooshed their way all the way to Antarctica. Finally, the train bell started to ring, and the announcer made an announcement. He said that they arrived in Antarctica. The train doors opened, and Jesse and Jonah held hands, and they went out of the train. Jesse saw that the conductors in Antarctica were dressed up as penguins, and he couldn't really tell if they were real penguins or not. Some of them looked like costumes, and some of them looked like real penguins. And Jonah saw that the whole train station was covered in snow. People didn't have cars in Antarctica. They just had sleds. And some of the sleds had batteries so that they could zoom on the snow by themselves. These kinds of sleds, the kinds in Antarctica, the big ones, needed polar bears in front to help drive them. And the sleds could also go up hills.

So Jesse and Jonah got out of the train station. And when they got out of the train station, they saw that it was really snowy. It was also very cold. And Jesse saw that there were a lot of balloons that were in the air. The balloons weren't just floating. All of the balloons were coming down to the ground in Antarctica, and they had strings attached to them. And the balloons were starting to attach to all of the snow. And there were so many balloons that came down all at once, like a million different balloons. And all of the strings tied themselves to different snow structures and mountains and rocks in Antarctica. And all of a sudden, they started to pull Antarctica up. And Jonah and Jesse and the polar bears and the penguins, the conductors and everything in Antarctica started to get pulled into the air by all of the balloons. And the balloons pulled up everything until they got higher than the highest skyscraper. They were so high up that Jesse could see the eyes of giants. And Jonah told Jesse that their adventure had begun.

Jonah told Jesse that it was now time for them to see if they could fly because they were in the sky. So Jonah and Jesse spread their arms, and they felt invisible wings between their arms and their body. And Jesse and Jonah started to fly. They were flying really fast. It wasn't even cold anymore in Antarctica because Antarctica was in a hot part of the sky. Some of the snow in Antarctica was starting to melt. And as it melted, it made green rivers, and the rivers were starting to drip down all the way back. The green rivers came from all of the snow melt. Sometimes when a lot of snow melts or a lot of ice melts, I should say, it turns into a nice green color. And all of those green rivers were spilling out of the sky.

And back on Earth, there were big emergencies because instead of having regular rainstorms, people in cities like San Francisco and New York experienced big flooding. The flooding was like a sink turned on with green rain. But instead of rain, it was like a hose or a sink or a fire hydrant just coming from the sky. And it was because the ice in Antarctica, which was lifted up by the balloons, was starting to melt. But Jesse had an idea. He knew how to save the day. So Jesse told Jonah that he carried a special basket. And he told Jonah that if they just put out the basket because it was in the sky. If they gave it to a giant, the giant could make the basket big. But Jesse didn't know where a giant was anymore. So Jonah looked around, and they used some binoculars. And finally, Jonah spotted a giant's eyes.

Jonah and Jesse flew, using their magic wings all the way to the giant. And Jesse asked the giant to make his little basket bigger. And the giant was a magician, and he knew how to. Jesse had a huge basket that was very heavy. He told the giant to hold up the basket right under Antarctica. So instead of the green water spilling on Earth, it would just drip into the basket. And on the bottom of the basket, Jesse put some plastic stuff that the water couldn't go through. And the giant decided to help Jesse and Jonah. And the giant held up the basket under Antarctica, which was floating in the air. And all of a sudden, there weren't big storms on Earth because Jesse saved the day.

The giant asked Jesse if he needed to hold the basket all the time. And Jesse told the giant that he didn't need to because soon the basket would float. And he told the giant it had to give the basket special wings. And the giant did. Jonah told Jesse it was time for them to leave Antarctica and to go back home because their adventure was ending. And just as he said that, some of the balloons that were holding up Antarctica started to pop. And there were lots of pops in the air as Antarctica went slowly back down to Earth.

And then Jesse and Jonah went back to the train station, and they took the train all the way back home to Wanika, New Zealand. And Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end.