Once upon a time, a long time ago, Lily was looking out the window of her house, and she saw a kitty cat outside. The kitty cat was walking around when it suddenly started to rain rainbow sprinkles. The sprinkles covered the ground and the kitty's fur, and they fell into the grass. All the ground outside Lily's house was covered in rainbow sprinkles. The kitty meowed by the window, so Lily asked her mom if they could let the kitty inside to escape the sprinkle rain. Her mom agreed, and they opened the window for the kitty to come in.

Lily and her mom decided to put on raincoats and use a rainbow umbrella. They both put on their boots and went outside to see the rainbow sprinkle rain. When they went outside, they heard a little thunder. But the thunder sounded more like when you drop a candy, because the clouds were cotton candy clouds. They crashed into each other, making more candy fall from the sky. There were rainbow sprinkles and candy everywhere. It was a good thing that Lily and her mom were wearing their raincoats and using their umbrellas because rainbow sprinkles kept falling off the umbrella.

As Lily and her mom walked outside in the big thunderstorm of rainbow sprinkles and candy, they saw a fire on a tree next to their house. The fire was rainbow-colored, with parts that were hot, parts that were cold, and parts made of feathers. The fire mixed the hot and cold together, but the sprinkles couldn't put the fire out. Lily told her mom that only regular rain could put out fires, but the rainbow sprinkle rain wasn't enough to put out the rainbow-colored fire on the tree.

Lily told her mom they needed to call the fire department. Her mom called 911, the emergency number, and said, "Fire department, can you come? There's a tree on fire, and it's not a regular fire because it's rainbow-colored, hot on one side, cold on the other, and has feathers in the middle." The firefighter said, "Okay, I'll be there quickly." Lily heard a sound in the distance, like a siren, and saw a big fire truck coming to the rescue. The firefighter wore a helmet, a fire jacket, and had a big tank of oxygen on his back. He asked Lily where the fire was, and she showed him the rainbow-colored fire on the tree. The firefighter said, "Wow, that fire is hot on one side and cold on the other." Lily agreed, and the firefighter told her they would need help putting out the fire. Lily asked how she could help since she was only five. The firefighter suggested using the cold part of the fire to spray sugar water and make popsicles, which would make the fire even colder and put out the hot part.

Lily asked where she could find the cold sugary juice to squirt at the fire, and the firefighter said it was in his truck. Lily went to the fire truck and got the hose, and the firefighter helped her hold it. She sprayed the rainbow fire, aiming at the cold part. Instead of water, the fire truck sprayed grape juice. Then Lily decided she wanted to make orange juice popsicles, so she sprayed orange juice on the cold part of the fire. A giant popsicle formed on the fire, and it was so cold that it started to melt the hot part. Eventually, water went into the fire, and the rainbow fire got smaller and smaller until it turned the feathers in the middle of the tree into rainbow-colored feathers. A big wind came and blew the feathers all over the place, landing on trees, Lily's umbrella, and even inside her mom's boots.

The firefighter told Lily she did a great job because the feathers were saved from the tree and wouldn't burn. The rainbow fire was out because they cooled it down using the popsicle trick. Lily thanked the firefighter, who told her he had a special trick. He could change from a boy to a girl. Lily didn't believe him, so he did a silly dance and told her to look away. When she looked back, the firefighter had changed into a girl with long hair. Lily asked how he did it, and the firefighter said he had a pet unicorn that gave him magic powers to change and put special juice in the fire truck to put out rainbow fires. Lily said she wanted to meet the unicorn someday, and the firefighter agreed that she could.

Lily looked at the sky and saw the cotton candy clouds going away, and the rainbow sprinkle rain stopped. She went home with her parents and decided to go sledding with them later. But first, her parents said she needed to take a nap because it was getting late. And Lily and her family lived happily ever after. The end.