Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Lily. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Lily. I turn five years old on January 24. I live in Texas. I would like a story about a fire truck, a unicorn, and and a fire, your fire that can turn into a blinger. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Lily who lives in Texas and who turned five three days ago on January 24. And so we want to say happy birthday, Lily. Happy birthday, Lily. And Lily asked for us to make up a story that includes a fire truck, a unicorn, and a firefighter who could change from a boy to a girl. Once upon a time, a long time ago, lily was looking out the window of her house, and she saw that there was a kitty cat. And the kitty cat was walking outside. And as Lily looked out the window and saw the kitty cat walking, she saw that it started to rain. Rainbow sprinkles and rainbow sprinkles were going all over the ground, and they were going on top of the kitty's fur, and they were falling off into the grass. And all of the ground that Lily was looking at outside of her house was covered in rainbow sprinkles. And the kitty went started to meow by the window. And Lily asked her mom if she could open up the window so the kitty cat could come inside her house and get out of all of the rainbow sprinkle rain. And Lily's mom said, okay. So they opened up the window and the kitty came inside. And Lily and her mom decided that they would put on a raincoat and they would use a rainbow umbrella. And Lily would put on her boots, and Lily's mom would put on her boots, and they would go outside to look at the rainbow sprinkle rain. And when they went outside, they heard a little thunder. But the thunder was kind of it sounded more like when you maybe drop a candy or something like that, like that kind of noise, because the clouds were cotton candy clouds, and they crashed into each other, and that made some more candy fall from the sky. And there was rainbow sprinkles and candy all over. And it was a good thing that Lily and her parents were wearing their raincoats and using their umbrellas because rainbow sprinkles kept falling off of the umbrella. And as Lily and her mom were walking about outside in the big thunderstorm of rainbow sprinkles and candy, they saw that there was a fire. The fire started on a tree right next to their house. And it wasn't a regular fire because the fire was rainbow colored. And part of the fire was hot and part of the fire was cold, and part of the fire was made out of feathers. And the fire mixed together the hot and the cold and the sprinkles were falling on the fire, but the sprinkles did not put the fire out. And so Lily told her parents that only regular rain would put out fires. But the rainbow sprinkle rain was not enough to put out the fire on the tree, which was a rainbow colored fire. And so Lily told her mom they needed to call the fire department. Lily's mom got out her phone and she dialed 911. That's an emergency number. And Lily's mama said, fire department, can you come? Because there is a tree that's on fire, and we think it's not a regular fire because the fire is a rainbow color and it's hot on one side and it's cold on the other side, and there are feathers in the middle. And the fire person said, okay, I'll be there lickety split. And then Lily heard a sound in the distance, and it sounded like a little woo woo woo. But then the sound started to get closer and it went woo woo woo woo. And Lily saw that there was a big fire truck coming to the rescue, and there was a big fireperson who is wearing a fireman helmet and a big fire jacket and had a big tank of oxygen on his back. And he said to Lily, lily, where's the fire? And Lily showed the big rainbow colored fire that was burning on the tree. And the firefighter said, wow, that fire is hot on one side and cold on the other. And Lily said yes. And the firefighter told Lily that they would need some help putting out the fire. And Lily said, how can I help? I just turned five. And the firefighter told Lily that he thought that because part of the fire was cold, they should use it to spray some sugar water and make some popsicles. And then if they made a lot of popsicles from the part of the fire that was cold, then the popsicles would make it even colder and they would put out the hot part of the fire. And Lily said, well, where am I going to get that kind of cold yummy sugary juice that I can squirt at the fire? And the firefighter said, it's inside my truck. And so Lily went to the fire truck and she got out the hose, and the firefighter helped Lily hold the hose. And Lily started spraying right on top of the fire. And as she sprayed the rainbow fire, she aimed to the cold part. And instead of spraying water, the fire truck started to spray some grape juice. And then she decided she didn't want it to spray grape juice because Lily decided she wanted to have popsicles that were made of orange juice. And Lily sprayed a lot of orange juice on top of the cold part of the rainbow fire on the tree. And after she sprayed it, there was a ginormous popsicle on the fire. And the popsicle was so cold, it started to melt the hot part of the fire. And finally, water started to go in the fire, and the rainbow fire got smaller and smaller until the rainbow fire made all of the feathers that were in middle of the tree turn rainbow color. And a big wind came, and it picked the feathers up. And the rainbow colored feathers were flying all over the air, hit a tree. The feathers went all over the tree, and they even went on Lily's umbrella, and they went on Lily's inside Lily's mom's boots. And the feathers went all over. And the firefighter told Lily that she did such a good job because now the feathers were saved from the tree and they wouldn't burn. And the rainbow fire was out because they were able to cool it down using the Popsicle trick. And Lily said, thank you, firefighter, for also coming here. And the firefighter told Lily that he had a special trick. And Lily said, what's the special trick? And the firefighter said he knew how to change from a boy to a girl. And Lily said, I don't think you could do that. And the firefighter said, I really can. And Lily said, Let me see. And so the firefighter started to do a silly willy Billy dance. And he started to jump up and down. And then he said, okay, look away. And Lily turned away. And then the firefighter said you could look again. And Lily looks at the firefighter. And he really did change into a girl. And the firefighter had long hair, and the firefighter looked like a real girl. And Lily said, how did you even do that? And the firefighter told Lily that the firefighter had a pet unicorn. And the pet unicorn gave the firefighter magic powers to change from a boy to a girl and back to a boy whenever the firefighter wanted to. And the unicorn was also the one that put the special orange juice and grape juice inside the fire truck to put out rainbow kinds of fires. And Lily told the firefighter that she wanted to meet the unicorn one day. And the firefighter told Lily that she could also meet the unicorn a different day. And Lily saw that she looked at the sky, and she saw that the cotton candy clouds were going away, and it stopped raining all of the rainbow color sprinkles. So she went home with her parents, and she decided to get a sled. And Lily decided that she would go sledding with her parents later. But first, her parents said Lily needed to take a little nap because it was getting late. And Lily and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Hello. This is Steve, the host of Makeup Stories. Kids can now give shoutouts to their friends on Makeup Stories. They can share special memories with our listeners, and they can also share special facts that they know about Instruct. Actions for how to do this are on Facebook.com. Makeup stories.