Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was an old man who had been sleeping for so long. Every day when Jonah would go out for a walk near his house by the pool, he would see the oldest man in the world. He was sleeping against a tree, and he had such a long beard and his ears looked so old and his face was so wrinkly that Jonah wondered if he was from the olden days. And one day, as Jonah was walking by on his way to the pool next to the bushes, the old man opened his eyes and got up. The old man had difficulty standing. It wasn't so easy. And so he had to use a cane. The old man did not have a regular cane, so he used a stick from a tree. And he got up and he looked at Jonah and Jonah saw that the old man had some magic. And the way that Jonah knew is because when he looked into the old man's eyes, the old man's eyes were red. And in the middle of his eyes, he had a rainbow. And when Jonah looked at his rainbow eyes that were surrounded by red, Jonah saw that there was kind of like a little flashlight that came out of his eyes. Regular people's eyes do not have flashlights. But this old man from the old and olden days that was sleeping for so long next to the pool that Jonah went to had little flashlights in his eyes. And he picked up his cane and he said to Jonah, "Jonah, I have a cane that is also a magic wand. So tell me your wish and I will make it true." And Jonah said, "I wish that I could have the biggest soccer field in the world. Soccer fields are fields that are full of grass where kids and grownups could play soccer. When you play soccer or football, you kick a ball and you try to get it to the goal. When you get it to the goal, you get a point and you say, 'Yay.'" Well, the man told Jonah, "Your wish is my command." And suddenly Jonah saw that he was on the biggest sailboat in the world. The sailboat was so big that the sail was taller than a skyscraper. It was taller than a big, big building. And on the deck of the sailboat, there was a big soccer field. And the soccer field on the sailboat had grass on it. And there were tons of different soccer balls. And there was a room inside the boat. If he went downstairs under the soccer field, which said, "Do not enter. Secrets only in here. You have to have the magic password." Well, first, Jonah played some soccer. Jonah loved to kick the ball around, and he was very good at running fast for a long time. So some of the other kids got tired. And after they got tired, Jonah scored a lot of goals. Well, after he scored the goals, he saw that right under the goal, there was a secret door to get downstairs to the part that said "Do not enter. You have to have the magic password." So Jonah knocked on the door under the goal. And when he knocked, he saw that in the middle of the grass on the floor, there was a doorknob. And he decided to turn the doorknob, and the door opened. And when he opened the door, he saw there was a big furry rabbit. And the rabbit jumped up from under the soccer field that was on the sailboat. And the rabbit said "Password. Do you know the secret password?" And Jonah said "It's kitty cat. Meow meow." And the rabbit said, "You're wrong." And then Jonah made another guess. "It's as tall as a skyscraper." And the rabbit said "No." And then Jonah made one more guess. "Flight." And the rabbit said, "Yes, it is flight. How did you know that was the password?" And Jonah said, "Well, I just made it up. I wasn't really sure it was the password." And the rabbit said, "If you knew that magic password, then it means maybe soon you're going to be able to do some magic and you'll become magical." And Jonah said, "I don't think so, because I just guessed that." And the rabbit said, "Come on downstairs under the sailboat soccer stadium and look at the secret room." Well, he didn't say that he forgot the password because he remembered that Jonah was right about the password. And he took Jonah downstairs under the sailboat to the secret room. And in the secret room, there were a lot of monkeys, and there was a big engine. It was a jet engine. In fact, it was a rocket engine that was used for a lot of rocket ships. And Jonah said, "What does this rocket engine do? Does it make the sailboat go? Because I thought sails made the sailboat go." And the monkey said and the rabbit said, "Jonah, you have to use your magic to talk to the monkeys." And Jonah said, "I don't know how." And then the rabbit asked Jonah if he knew this special super duper secret password that lets you talk to monkeys. And Jonah made a guess. "As far as a flight to the Jite." And Jonah guessed, "As you say, as far as a flight to the Jite, then it will make the monkeys be able to talk to me." And the rabbit looked at Jonah and Jonah looked at the rabbit. And Jonah said, "Wait, I changed my mind. There's a different password. Dike kashaman knight." And suddenly the rocket engine started up and it made a big noise and the monkeys were jumping on it and they were turning some things with screwdrivers and wrenches. And one of the monkeys had a hammer and he was banging on the rocket engine. And on the other side of the sailboat, they saw that there was a pipe. And Jonah and the rabbit jumped on top of the stairs and went on the soccer field on the sailboat. And when they got on top of the sailboat, do you know what they saw? That rocket engine made pink clouds. The start of the clouds came through that pipe and the rocket engine would blast. And as it blasted, there was some water with pink food coloring that they would put in there and it made a pink cloud. And the rocket engine was so strong that the cloud went all the way up to the sky. And Jonah became the first boy to be able to make a pink cloud in the sky. Well, he was still sailing the sailboat. And wherever the sailboat went, the pink cloud followed him. Jonah asked the monkeys because he was now able to talk to the monkeys. He asked the monkeys if there was a rope that attached the pink cloud to the sailboat. And the monkey said no. And Jonah knew that there wasn't. So he sailed back home all the way to California. And there were a lot of people with cameras and a lot of kids that were waiting on the shore for his sailboat to return because everyone wanted to have a big soccer game on the soccer sailboat under the pink cloud. And so many kids and so many kitty cats and so many doggies and so many monkeys and a lot of teddy bears, too, came to watch that fun, fun pink cloud and have a good soccer match on the sailboat. And Jonah and everyone else lived happily ever after. The end.