Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Alia. Alia was really happy because she just got a new trampoline, and she was jumping up and down on it, having lots of fun. She knew that she could jump super high on the trampoline. One time, she jumped so high that she went all the way into a tree. When she got in the tree, she saw a squirrel that lived there. The squirrel came right up to Alia, and it could talk! The squirrel said, "Get out of my tree." Alia said, "Well, I was just bouncing on the trampoline, and I jumped so high that I got up here, and I don't know how to get down from the tree by myself." The squirrel told Alia that she had to climb down the tree all by herself. Alia was like, "I don't want to."

Then, it was just kind of lucky, because a sheep happened to be walking by, and it had so much wool that Alia could just jump and land on it, and she would be okay. At the bottom of the tree, there was a nice sheep named Sheepy, and it was so soft. The sheep lived on a farm that was right near Alia's house. Alia knew that she could just jump off the tree, and she could land on the sheep. The sheep had such soft wool that she wouldn't even get a boo-boo. Now, normally, kids shouldn't jump off trees, but when there's a sheep that's this good at the bottom of the tree, Alia knew that it would be okay. So she jumped off the tree, and she landed right on the sheep. The sheep started to take Alia for a ride. Alia was riding the sheep away from her house all the way into the forest.

When she got into the forest, she saw another tree that had a big hole in it, and there were little doors that were attached to the tree that looked like fairy doors. Alia told the sheep to stop there. So the sheep stopped by that tree, and Alia opened up one of the little blue fairy doors, and inside the tree, there were a bunch of little sheep. The little sheep all went out of the tree and started to ask Alia for a ride. Alia put one of the sheep in her pocket, and she let the other sheep go on her shoulder, and she carried some of the sheep in her hands. She walked alongside the big sheep through the forest for about 3 km, which is about 2 miles, and so that's as long as maybe 40 blocks.

She got through the forest to a part which was made of ice cream. Now, you might think that's very special, but the problem is that if sheep eat ice cream, these little sheep, they liked ice cream so much that they didn't know how to stop eating it. The sheep ate so much ice cream that they got real tummy aches. All of the sheep that Alia brought with her to the ice cream part of the forest, all of them, they wouldn't even listen when Alia told them, "You have to stop eating this ice cream." Alia said, "Please, please stop eating because you're just getting bigger and bigger tummy aches." One of the sheep even got so big that its head was the size of an elephant. Its tummy was like at least a mile. The sheep's tummy got so big, it was so big, it would never even be able to walk in between the trees in the forest.

Luckily for Alia, that's when she heard her mom calling, "Alia, where are you?" Alia said, "I'm here. I'm here." Alia's mom told her that she saw her bounce up from the trampoline, and she saw her get stuck in the tree with the squirrel, and she saw that she had to go somewhere in the forest, and she'd been looking all over for her. Alia showed her mom all of the big sheep that had so much ice cream that they became so big. Alia asked her mom what they could do because she saw that it was getting really cold. Alia's mom said that they needed to get lots of blankets, and they needed to make big forts for the sheep to sleep in that night because there was no way that the sheep could get small again right that night.

So Alia's mom used her phone to call the mayor of the town. The mayor had all of the stores in the town where Alia lived deliver all of the blankets that they could. They made a big fort around the ice cream part of the forest so that the sheep could stay warm that night. They even had some lanterns that they brought with them so that it could be a little bit light for the sheep. The sheep were kind of happy because they didn't want to be so cold and alone. Just when they made that fort, when it was all done and it was starting to be dark, that's when a fairy came by, and the fairy had a pet poodle. A poodle is a kind of dog. The poodle was on a leash, and the fairy saw the fort that was made of all the blankets, and the fairy knew what happened because fairies are used to things becoming small and getting big and turning into like they're used to, like ice cream rivers and stuff. Fairies have a lot of magic. The fairy came to the pillow fort and the blanket fort, and the fairy said, "Alia, what happened here?" Alia told the fairy the whole story. The fairy said that her magic poodle had a special power. The special power was that whenever it licked something, that thing became the size that it used to be.

Alia didn't know what would happen. Would the sheep become, like, a regular size sheep, or would the sheep become little so that they would fit inside the tree again? Before she could even do anything, the poodle got off the leash that the fairy was holding, and it ran all around the blanket fort, and it licked all of the sheep. The sheep were laughing so much, they thought it was so silly. Just as they were laughing, it was kind of like when air goes out of a balloon, it kind of makes like a noise. The sheep started flying all over just like a balloon. They were flying all over the inside of the blanket fort until they got really little again. When they got really little, the fairy made a special whistling sound. All of the sheep started following the fairy back to the special door inside the tree. Alia and her mom went back to their house. Alia's mom told her, "Alia, don't jump so high on the trampoline." Alia and her mom lived happily ever after. The end.