Hi. My name is Alia. I'm from leftbridge. I'm four years old, and I would like my story to be about a sheep ice cream and a portal. Ay and I know AI o AI Yiddi. Diana welcome to makeup stories. My name is white. Go to makeupstories.com to join the club. Makeup stories club bully fooly. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Alia, who is four years old and who asks for us to make up a story that includes a sheep ice cream and a poodle, which is a kind of dog. And tonight, Jonah and I are going to tell this story together. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Alia. Aliyah was really happy because she just got a new trampoline, and she was jumping up and down on the trampoline, and it was a lot of fun. And she knew that she could go so high on the trampoline. And one time, she jumped so high, she went all the way in a tree. And when she got in the tree, she saw that there was a squirrel that lived in the tree. And the squirrel came right up to Alia, and the squirrel was able to talk, and the squirrel said, get out of my tree. And Alia said, well, I was just bouncing on the trampoline, and I jumped so high that I got up here, and I don't know how to get down from the tree by myself. And the squirrel told Alia that she had to climb down the tree all by herself. And Aliyah was like, I don't want to. And then it was just kind of lucky, because a sheep happened to be walking by, and it had so much wool that Aliyah could just jump and jump on it, and she would be okay. Yeah. At the bottom of the tree, there was a nice sheep whose name was sheepy, and the sheep was so soft, and the sheep lived in a farm that was right near Alia's house. And Alia knew that she could just jump off of the tree, and she could land on the sheep. And the sheep had such soft wool that she wouldn't even get a boo boo. Now, normally, kids shouldn't jump off of trees, but when there's a sheep that's this good at the bottom of the tree, alia knew that it would be okay. So she jumped off of the tree, and she landed right on the sheep. And the sheep started to take Alia for a ride. And Alia was riding the sheep away from her house all the way into the forest. When she got into the forest, she saw that there was another tree that had a big hole in it, and there were little doors that were attached to the tree that looked like fairy doors. And Alia told the sheep that it should stop there. So the sheep stopped by that tree, and alia opened up one of the little blue fairy doors and inside forced, there was a bunch of sheep. There were little sheep inside the tree. Right, tell them about the little sheep that she saw in the tree. Sheep were about maybe the size of like a grown up pinky. And then she walked for maybe 3, then found a world full of ice cream houses. Yes. So when aliyah opened the door to the tree, she saw that inside the tree there were a bunch of little sheep. And the little sheep all went out of the tree and they started to ask alia for a ride. So Alia put one of the sheep in her pockets and she let the other sheep go on her shoulder and she carried some of the sheep in her hands and she walked alongside the big sheep through the forest for 3 km, which is a little it's about 2 miles and so that's as long as like maybe 40 blocks. And she got through the forest to a part which was made of ice cream. Now, you might think that that's very special, but the problem is that if sheeps eat ice cream, these little sheeps, they liked ice cream so much that they didn't know how to stop eating it. And the sheep ate so much ice cream that they got real tummy aches. And all of the sheeps that alia brought with her to the ice cream part of the forest, all of them, they wouldn't even listen when Aliyah told them, you have to stop eating this ice cream. And so Aliyah said, please, please stop eating because you're just getting bigger and bigger tummy aches. But the sheep, one of the sheep even got to the side. Each head was the size of an elephant. Yeah, these were little sheep to start with, but they ate so much ice cream from the river that was made out of ice cream that one of the sheep's had a head that got as big as an elephant. Its tummy was like at least a mile. And the sheep's tummy got so big, it was so big, it would never even be able to walk in between the trees in the forest. And the bad thing is, it was like the tummy was so big and the feet were just like as big as me, which I'm, like one met on. Yeah, jonah is about 3ft tall, and imagine if a sheep's foot is that big. So the sheep was having big problems, and Alia needed to think of a solution, and she needed to think quickly because it was starting to get dark, the sun was setting, and if the sun set and the sheep were stuck in the ice cream part of the forest. Well, they might get cold, and they wouldn't even be able to get in between the trees. And luckily for Alia, that's when she heard the call of her mother and alia's mom said, Alia, where are you? And Alia said, I'm here. I'm here. And Alia's mom told her that she saw her bounce up from the trampoline, and she saw her get stuck in the tree with the squirrel, and she saw that she had to go somewhere in the forest, and she'd been looking all over for her. And Alia showed her mom all of the big sheep that had so much ice cream that became so big, only one of them got really big. Yeah. And only one of the sheep got really, really big. And Alia asked her mom what they could do, because she saw that it was getting really cold. And Alia's mom said that they needed to get lots of blankets, and they needed to make big forts for the sheep to sleep in that night, because there was no way that the sheep could get small again right that night. And so Alia's mom used her telephone to call the mayor of the town. And the mayor had all of the stores in the town where Aaliyah lived deliver all of the blankets that they could. And they made a big fort around the ice cream part of the forest so that the sheep could stay warm that night. And they even had some lanterns that they brought with them so that it could be a little bit light for the sheep. And the sheep were kind of happy because they didn't want to be so cold and alone. And just when they made that fort, when it was all done and it was starting to be dark, that's when there was a fairy that came by, and the fairy had a pet poodle. A poodle is a kind of dog. And the poodle was on a leash, and the fairy saw the fort that was made of all the blankets, and the fairy knew what happened, because fairies are used to things becoming small and getting big and turning into like they're used to, like ice cream rivers and stuff. Fairies have a lot of magic. And also, the door on the tree that the little sheep lived in, at first, that was a door that the fairies put there. And so the fairy came to the pillowfort and the blanket fort, and the fairy said, Alia, what happened here? And Alia told the fairy the whole story. And the fairy said that her magic poodle had a special power. And the special power was that whenever it licked something, that thing became the size that it used to be. But what if it was the size that it was always going to be? Yeah. And Aliyah didn't know what would happen. Would the sheep become, like, a regular size sheep, or would the sheep become little so that they would fit inside the tree again? And before she could even do anything, the poodle got off of the leash that the fairy was holding, and it ran all around the blanket fort and it licked all of the sheep. And the sheep were laughing so much, they thought it was so silly. And just as they were laughing, it was kind of like when air goes out of a balloon, it kind of makes like a noise. The sheep started flying all over just like a balloon. And they were flying all over the inside. It was kind of air. And they all blown out all there except a little bit of air remain. Yeah. And there was a little bit of air that remained, but the sheep were getting smaller, just like a balloon that was letting out air. And they were flying all over the inside of the blanket fort until they got really little again. And when they got really little, the fairy made a special whistling sound. And all of the sheep started following the fairy back to the special door inside the tree. And Alia and her mom went back to their house. And Alia's mom told her alia, don't jump so high on the trampoline. And Alia and her mom lived happily ever after. The End thanks for listening to make that stories. My name is Avia. Go to makeupstory.com to join the club Thai friends.