Welcome to makeup stories. This is your host, Steve. I have an important announcement to make. Now makesup stories has a website. It's makeup stories.com. If you're a kid and you want to be on this podcast, then ask your parents to go to Makeup stories.com on their phone or on their computer. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Stacey is the best podcast ever. Tell all your friends. Hello, my name is CC, and I'm four years old, and I have NC adult. And I read a story about a unicorn, a rainbow, and a baby. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Cece who lives in Seattle and who is four years old. And so we want to say, hi, Cece. Hello, Miss Cece. Good job, bud. And Cece asks for us to make up a story that includes a unicorn, a rainbow, and a baby. Once upon a time, there was a girl whose name was Cece. She lived in a world where the houses were made of cotton candy, where the flowers would grow all year round, where there were smiling faces in all of the clouds and butterflies who laughed and giggled just like people. And in CC's magical world, everybody was happy. There were cars that were the shapes of bananas, and all of the bugs used to march and sing together. And it was so fun to live in that world. The sidewalks all had slipping slides on them, and so if a kid ever wanted to slide down the sidewalk, they could just turn on the hose button and then slide down the sidewalk. And all of the policemen and all of the firemen who lived in this world, their main jobs were to give stickers to kids. There were petting farms in this world, and on the petting farms, there were so many unicorns. You could see baby unicorns. You could see regular unicorns. You could see grown up unicorns, mama unicorns, dad unicorns. There were even some old grandpa unicorns. But when unicorns get old, what happens is their tails turn kind of rainbow colored. And old unicorns are the silliest kinds of unicorns because they like to make gifts come out of their eyes. And so if there's an old, like, a grandpa unicorn or something, and a kid comes to visit it on a petting farm, then the grandpa unicorn might look right in front of the kid. And then whatever the toy that the kid was thinking of is, that toy will appear right in front of the kid. Cece loved going to the unicorn farm, but when she was at the unicorn farm, she saw that there was a mistake in the sky. There was a rainbow, but the rainbow was painted upside down, and Cece didn't know why the rainbow was upside down. So Cece held her mom's hand, and Cece and her mom went past some of the magical sheep, and the sheep were very silly over here because the sheep liked to wear clothing, and they dressed up as people. And she passed by the sheep, and cece walked with one of the old grandpa unicorns, and she saw that the grandpa unicorn was going to a baby unicorn, and the baby unicorn was crying. And cece never saw a unicorn cry before. She didn't even know that a unicorn could cry. But there it was. The baby unicorn was saying, WA. Wow. And as it was saying WA, the tears that fell down from the baby unicorn's eyes, they turned into gems, and there were diamonds and different pearls that were falling on the floor. And because the baby unicorn was crying, that's what was making the rainbow go upside down. And all of the butterflies that flew in this land, they started to fly in circles overhead. And cece saw that the butterflies were kind of sad that the baby unicorn was crying. And she asked the grandpa unicorn what they could do. And the grandpa unicorn said that they had to figure out the mystery of why the baby unicorn was crying. And the grandpa unicorn said that other unicorns couldn't figure out that mystery because to figure out that mystery, you needed two hands and people ears. And unicorns, they have 4ft just like horses, and they don't have people ears. So cece said, well, how can I help? And the grandpa unicorn said, cece, what you have to do is you have to pick up the baby unicorn, and you have to hold it in your arms, and then you need to sing it a lullaby like rockaby baby on the treetop. And cece said, but I don't know how to sing all of those songs. And the old unicorn said you could do it. The little baby unicorn just wants to pretend, cece, that you're its mama. And then cece went over to the little baby unicorn, and first she started to pet it, and she saw that it stopped crying and that some of the gems and jewels and the diamond and gold that were falling from its tears, they were starting to turn into a treasure box. Do you have a question, bud? Did the unicorn talk, or was it too little to know how to talk? Baby unicorns don't really know how to talk. Unicorns only learn how to talk. They learn, actually later than people. They learn only when they're teenagers. People usually learn to talk when they're like toddlers or even babies. But for unicorns, because they don't have people mouths, they only learn to talk when they're like teenagers. So this was a baby unicorn, and it couldn't talk, but cece knew what it wanted. The baby unicorn wanted Cece to hold it. And the baby unicorn also saw that. Cece so is that why the grandpa was able to talk? Yeah, the grandpa unicorn was able to talk because he's way older than a teenager unicorn. And the baby unicorn was starting to feel better because cece was petting it and saying, you're a good baby, and Cece was being really nice to it. And then Cece saw that there was a unicorn stroller, and she picked up the baby unicorn, and she put the baby unicorn in the unicorn stroller, and she put a little blankie on the baby unicorn, and she told the baby unicorn that it's a good unicorn. And then the baby unicorn stopped crying. As soon as the baby unicorn stopped crying, the rainbow in the sky became the right side up again. It wasn't upside down anymore. And out of the rainbow that was coming in the sky, you could see flashlights that were different colors. Like for the red part of the rainbow, there was a red flashlight, and for the blue part, there was a blue flashlight. And all of the butterflies that lived in this world, they started to fly up to the rainbows, and the yellow butterflies would fly up to the yellow part of the rainbow, and the red butterflies flew to the red part. And after they flew all the way up to the rainbow, then CC told the unicorns, yeah, bud. Does that mean the colored butterflies went to the rainbow? If there was other colors, what did they do? The butterflies that didn't just have one color, the butterflies that had so many colors so they couldn't choose the right part of the rainbow, they stayed in the sky, and they watched as there were glitter fireworks that came from the unicorn petting farm, because some of the other unicorns knew how to do colorful glitter fireworks. Yeah, bud. Did the tails make the fireworks? Yeah, that's how it worked. Remember I told you that when unicorns get older, their tails start kind of, like, changing colors? So if unicorns wag their tails really fast, like, faster than a grown up could see, but maybe a kid could see that fast, then they could start to make some kind of glitter come out and go up in the sky. Yeah, bud, like, so fast that they can even start flying. Yeah. Like, alicorns are kinds of unicorns that have wings, but there's also a regular kind of unicorn that doesn't have wings that could still fly because it moves its tail around so fast. And that kind of unicorn was also at the petting zoo. And all of the unicorns were so proud of Cece for taking such good care of the unicorn baby. And Cece and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. Contributing to makeup stories is easy for kids. Tonight, we have a listener named Eliana who's going to share a special fact with us. Hi. My name is Eliana. I live in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Here's a thing I know. Did you know ball pits have a thousand balls in them? Thanks for listening. If you want to ask a question to make up stories, or if you have a wish that you want to tell everybody about. Or if you want to tell a friend happy birthday, then ask your parents for help recording the Happy Birthday message or the wish that you have or the question that you have. And then tell them to email the file to Makeup Stories@gmail.com. Thanks for listening. Thank you for your Sentinel makeup stories. Makeup Stories are the best podcast ever. Tell all your friends.