Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Ethan. Ethan had a toy room in his house, and he had to keep his toys in certain places on shelves and in boxes. But sometimes, all of Ethan's toys would be on the floor. One night, Ethan left all of his toys on the floor, and he didn't clean them up, and his parents didn't either. Ethan put on his pajamas, went to bed, and his mom sang him a song. The next morning, Ethan went downstairs for breakfast and looked in his toy room. To his surprise, all of the toys were put away by themselves.

Ethan went to his parents and asked, "Mom, Dad, did you put away my toys last night? Because I know I left them on the floor." His mom and dad said they didn't put away his toys and that all of the cars and trains were probably still on the floor. So Ethan grabbed his dad's hand, and they went to the toy room. Ethan showed his dad that all of the toys were put away. He told his dad they needed to set up a camera, like a phone camera, to see what was really cleaning up the toys.

That night, before Ethan went to bed, he put all of the toys out in his toy room again. He and his dad set up their phone to secretly record from a hidden spot. Then Ethan and his parents went upstairs, sang songs, and read a book. Ethan even got to listen to a made-up story. Afterward, he went to bed and had a dream about flying fairies that cleaned up toys. The next morning, Ethan woke up excited and rushed into his parents' room. They all went downstairs together, and once again, all of the toys were cleaned up and put away.

Ethan said, "Dad, remember we set up that secret camera? Let's look at the video it took while I was sleeping." His dad agreed, and they watched the video. It showed Ethan's toy room at night, and they could see a monster truck with a ninja in it. The monster truck drove through a secret door in the wall, and the ninja played with Ethan's toys while he was sleeping. The ninja raced cars, played with trains, and even pretended to be a police officer chasing a bad guy.

The ninja was having so much fun that it made a big pile of blocks and did a big jump to knock them over. But ninjas are so fast that it caught all of the blocks before they hit the floor. As the sun began to rise, the ninja quickly put away all of the toys and drove the monster truck back through the secret door.

Ethan and his dad were amazed and said, "Finally, we have proof. We know who's cleaning the toys. It's a little ninja that comes on a monster truck at night while we're sleeping." Ethan suggested they set up a sneaky tape trap to catch the ninja the next night. His parents asked if that would be nice to the ninja, and Ethan said he would share his toys and give the ninja yummy treats.

That night, Ethan went to bed, and his mom woke him up in the middle of the night to try to catch the ninja. But Ethan was tired and told his mom he was having a dream about a different ninja. He wanted to go back to his dream and try to catch the real ninja another day. His mom told him to have sweet dreams, and Ethan and his family lived happily ever after. The end.