Welcome to makeup story. My name is Nuralia, and makeup story the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi. My name is Ethan. I'm three years old. I live in Oakville, Canada. My birthday is in July 29. I would like a story about a monster truck, a race car, and a ninja. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Ethan who lives in oakville, Canada, and who turned four years old on July 29. And so we want to say happy birthday, Ethan. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. And Ethan asked for us to make up a story that includes a monster truck, a ninja, and a race car. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Ethan. Ethan had a toy room in his house, and he used to have to keep his toys in certain places on shelves and in boxes and stuff. But sometimes all of Ethan's toys would be on the floor. Well, there was one night when Ethan left all of his toys on the floor, and he didn't clean them up, and his parents didn't either. And Ethan got his pajamas on, and he went to bed that night, and his mom sang him a song. And when Ethan got up the next morning and went downstairs to have breakfast, and he looked in his toy room, all of the toys were put away by themselves. So Ethan went up to his parents, and Ethan asked his parents, mom, dad, did you put away my toys last night? Because I know I left them on the floor. And Ethan's mom and Ethan's dad said they didn't put away his toys and that all of the cars and all of the ChuChu trains were probably still on the floor. So Ethan grabbed his dad's hand, and Ethan went with his dad Adam all the way to the toy room. And he showed his dad that really all of the toys were put away. He told his dad they were going to need to put a camera out, like his phone camera or something like that, and leave it on overnight to see what was really cleaning up the toys. Well, that night before Ethan went to bed, he put all of the toys out in his toy room again, and he and his dad arranged to keep their phone on sneakily recording from a secret place. And then Ethan and his parents went upstairs, and Ethan's parents sang him some songs, and they read him a book. Ethan even got to listen to a makeup story. And then he went to bed. Ethan slept and had a dream last that night. And the dream that Ethan had included some kinds of, like, flying fairies that cleaned up toys. But then Ethan woke up. It was the morning time, and he got up even before he was supposed to go into his parents room. But he was too excited because he wanted somebody to hold their hand to hold his hand as he went downstairs to check on the toys. So Ethan rushed into his parents room, and Ethan woke his dad and mom up, and they said they had to go downstairs to see with him. And they went downstairs, and once again, all of the toys were cleaned up, and they were in boxes, and they were on shelves, and none of the toys were on the grounds by themselves or on the floor. And then Ethan said, dad, remember we set up that secret camera to track what was going on? Let's look at the video that it took while I was sleeping. And Ethan's dad said, okay, and he turned on his phone, and it really worked. There really was a video. When they looked at the video, the video showed a picture of Ethan's toy room. It was a little bit dark because it was nighttime in the video, but you could clearly see that there was a monster truck. And the monster truck had a ninja in it. And the monster truck would drive through a secret corner in the wall. There was a secret door that looked like the wall, but a monster truck would drive right through it. It would kind of open like a kitty door or a dog door. It would open up, and it would blend into the wall, and the monster truck would come out, and a ninja would be riding it. And the ninja and the monster truck while Ethan and his dad were sleeping, ethan and his dad saw in the video that really the ninja and the monster truck were playing with his toys while Ethan was sleeping. The ninja was really like it was playing with the trains. The ninja was trying to race some of Ethan's fastest cars, and it was doing all sorts of things with Ethan's toys. Like the ninja was even pretending that there were some police and there was a bad guy. And the police was trying to get the bad guy, and the ninja had to come help in his race car. And all of that was happening as Ethan was sleeping each night. And sometimes kids don't know if while they're sleeping and while they're having dreams, if ninjas sneak into their houses and play with their toys. Well, ninja the ninja was having so much fun with Ethan's toys in the movie that Ethan and his dad were watching, and the movie was of what they recorded the night before in their toy room. The ninja was having so much fun that the ninja even made a big pile of blocks. And the ninja did a big jump because it was a little ninja and knocked over the blocks from the top. He kicked the blocks, and usually if you kick blocks, they fall and hit the floor. But ninjas are so fast, so when the blocks started to fall, the ninja caught all of the blocks, sometimes with his toes and sometimes even with his nose, because ninjas are good at balancing. And none of Ethan's blocks fell on the floor. And then you can see in the video that Ethan and his dad were watching that the sun was starting to rise, and it was becoming morning again. And the ninja looked out the window, and he saw that the sun was rising, and it was becoming morning. And the ninja quickly used the monster truck to drive around Ethan's toy room and to put away all of the toys in different boxes. Then the ninja pressed a button and opened the secret compartment in the wall in Ethan's toy room. And the ninja rode his monster truck out, not to be seen for the next day. Well, Ethan and his dad were looking at the video, and they said, finally, we have proof. We know who's cleaning the toys. It's a little ninja that comes on a monster truck during the night while we're sleeping. And Ethan told his dad that he had an even better idea. He said, the next day, they should try to put Scotch tape on top of the ninja door after it opens, like they'll have some sneaky Scotch tape trap. And then after the ninja's in Ethan's house, it'll play with the toys and clean them up later, but it won't be able to go out. And Ethan's dad and mom said, will that be nice to the ninja? Because maybe he won't want to be trapped here. And Ethan said that the ninja will and that he'll save some treats to give the ninja to show that he'll even give the ninja yummy food. And Ethan also said he would share some of his toys with the ninja, so it was okay that the ninja was using them without asking for permission. Well, that night, Ethan got his pajamas on again, and Ethan and his parents sang some songs, and they went to sleep. But this time, Ethan told his mom to wake him up in middle of the night to see if they could catch the ninja red handed. Well, Ethan went to sleep, and he had a dream. And in the dream, there was a ninja that used to eat cookies. And the ninja ate so many cookies that crumbs got all over the floor. And the ninja was walking over the floor, and he got crumbs on his feet. Just as Ethan was having this dream, ethan's mom woke him up and said, ethan, Ethan, it's still nighttime, but we have to go downstairs to try to catch the ninja. And Ethan looked up at his mom, and he said, Mom, I'm tired. And Ethan's mom said, ethan, do you really want to catch the ninja? And Ethan told his mom that he was having a dream about a different ninja, and he needed to go back to his dream, and he would try to get the real ninja a different day. And Ethan's mom told ethan to have some sweet dreams. And Ethan and his family lived happily ever after. The end.