Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old boy named Wilder. It was a big day because Wilder's parents were taking him to a dinosaur museum. Wilder was very excited because dinosaur museums are lots of fun. Sometimes you can see big dinosaurs that are green and have huge dinosaur bones in dinosaur museums. Wilder's parents packed a snack and told him they could get lunch at the museum too.

When they arrived at the dinosaur museum, the person in charge told Wilder he had a secret. Wilder asked, "What's the secret?" The person in charge said, "Wilder, there's a secret door in this dinosaur museum. If you go through the secret door, you'll find a city full of sheep." Wilder said, "I don't think so, because this is just a dinosaur museum and I've been here before and didn't see any secret door." The person in charge said, "Really? I'm not tricking you."

So Wilder and his parents followed the person in charge, and he showed them the secret door. When they opened the secret door, they found a whole city full of sheep. In the city, there were mama sheep and dada sheep. There were even baby sheep in sheep strollers. There were sheep with cars, and kid sheep in sheep car seats. There were playgrounds for the sheep. Some sheep went on special sheep swings, and the sheep wore silly sheep clothes. The sheep went to sheep schools with sheep teachers, and they played in the schoolyard. There was even a sheep fire department with a sheep fire truck. The sheep wore firemen hats and went for rides in the fire truck.

The sheep needed to buy things because they were just like regular people. So the sheep in this city had stores. And do you know what they sold in those sheep stores? Grass. Because sheep love to eat grass and they had different flavors of grass in the sheep store. Some of the flavors of grass tasted like M&M's, which is very M&M flavored grass, just for sheep. And the sheep ate it. There was also different yummy flavored grass in the store. There was muffin flavored grass.

There was a sheep city and they didn't just want to eat the same green flavored grass all day. These sheep wanted to have some yummy things. So the sheep also had a special kind of sheep grass that was round at the top and the green part on the bottom of the grass was hard. And do you know what it was? A sheep lollipop. Yes. And the sheep would lick it. The sheep loved the sheep lollipop.

Well, one of the sheep was named Sheppy Sheep. Sheppy Sheep came up to Wilder and said, "Wilder, did you find the secret door from the dinosaur museum that led you to this sheep city?" Wilder said, "Yes, I did." And Sheppy Sheep said, "Do you want to play catch with me?" Wilder looked around and said, "But Sheppy Sheep, there's no balls." Sheppy Sheep said, "I have an idea. We could play catch with some olives." Wilder said, "Catch with olives? We're not supposed to throw food." Sheppy Sheep said that in this special sheep city, they were allowed to throw olives. Wilder asked if other sheep would eat them, and Sheppy Sheep said they had to do it sneakily so other sheep wouldn't see. But he said they're really allowed and that his sheep mama wouldn't mind.

Wilder whispered in his mom and dad's ears and asked if they could really play catch with the olives. His parents looked around and saw the olive trees and saw there were so many olives. Sheppy Sheep told them, "Really, it's okay. Because if we play catch with the olives and we catch an olive, then that's okay because we could just clean it up later. And sheep are so good at cleaning."

Wilder agreed, and Sheppy Sheep said, "Okay, I'm going to throw an olive to you. Get ready to catch." Sheppy Sheep threw an olive all the way past Wilder. It was way too far a throw, and he threw it all the way into the chimney of the ice cream factory. It went right into the ice cream making machine, creating a big problem making olive ice cream. All of Sheppy the sheep's friends saw that Sheppy the Sheep made olive flavored ice cream and they didn't want that.

The person who was in charge of the ice cream factory, which was really a sheep, told Wilder, "Wilder, I need you to come help because we need a person to help us because sheep are not so good at fixing ice cream factories." Wilder said, "But I'm just four years old. I don't know how to fix it." Wilder's mom and dad said that they would help.

So Wilder and his mom and dad went with Sheppy Sheep into the ice cream factory, and they saw where the olives got stuck. Wilder's dad couldn't reach it, so Wilder had a good idea to get a shoulder ride. Wilder told his dad to give him a shoulder ride because if kids are on their parents' shoulders, then they're even higher up and even taller than their parents. So Wilder's dad gave Wilder a shoulder ride. Wilder's mom was cheering, "Yay, Wilder! You can do it." Wilder reached up into the pipe and got the olive away.

Once Wilder got the olive away, the ice cream became regular ice cream. Finally, there was vanilla. Wilder saw that the machine had different buttons you could press to make different kinds of ice cream. Wilder asked if he could go on his mom's shoulders because the buttons were closer to his mom. Wilder went on his mom's shoulders and pressed the red button, which made strawberry ice cream. He pressed a brown button, which made caramel ice cream. And he also pressed a black button, which made chocolate ice cream.

Wilder made so many yummy flavors of ice cream that Sheppy the sheep said he saved the ice cream factory. When Wilder and his parents got out of the ice cream factory, all of the sheep were lined up in a circle around the ice cream factory. They were doing a silly sheep dance and saying, "Yay, Wilder!" Wilder's parents told Wilder that the museum was going to close soon, so they needed to go back out of the sheep city into the Dinosaur Museum before it closed. Wilder and his parents went into the dinosaur museum, and then they went home and they lived happily ever after. The end.