Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. Hi, my name is Wilder, and I and I live in Nelson, New Zealand. And I'm four years old. And I would like to hear a story about a sheepy olive and ice cream. Good. Please take it away, dad. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old boy named Wilder who lives in a city called Nelson in New Zealand. And Wilder asked for us to make up a story that includes a sheep, an olive and ice cream. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four year old boy whose name was Wilder. And it was going to be a big day because Wilder's parents were going to take him to a dinosaur museum. And Wilder was very excited because dinosaur museums are a lot of fun to go to. Sometimes you could see like, big dinosaurs that are green and have big dinosaur bones in dinosaur museums. And so Wilder's parents packed a snack and they also told him that they could get lunch at the museum. When they were at the dinosaur museum, there was a person in charge of the museum who told Wilder he had a secret. And Wilder said, what's the secret? What's the secret? And the person in charge of the museum said, wilder, there's a secret door in this dinosaur museum. And if you go through the secret door, then you are going to find a sheep city. And Wilder said, I don't think so, because this is just a dinosaur museum and I've already been here before and I didn't see any secret door. And the person in charge of the museum said, really? And I'm not tricking. So Wilder and his parents followed the person in charge of the museum, and he showed them the secret door. When they opened up the secret door, they found a whole city that was full of sheep in the city. There were mama sheep and dada sheep. And there were even baby sheep that used to go in sheep strollers. And there were sheeps that had cars. And there were kid sheeps that went in sheep car seats. And there were playgrounds for the sheep. And some of the sheep would go in special sheep swings, and the sheep would wear silly sheep clothing. And the sheep would go to sheep schools where there were sheep teachers. And they would play in the yard at school. And there was even a sheep fire department where there was a sheep fire truck. And the sheep would get to wear firemen hats and they got to go for rides in the fire truck. And the sheep needed to buy things because they were just like regular people. And so the sheep in this city would have stores. And do you know what they sold in those sheep stores? What? Grass. Because sheep love to eat grass and they would have different flavors of grass in the sheep store. Some of the flavors of grass tasted like eminem's, which is yeah, that's very eminem flavored grass. Just for sheep. No, but then they ate it. Yeah, and the sheep ate it. And then there was also different yummy flavored grass in the store. There was muffin flavored grass. I know that you're tricking. Well, for real, sheep do not like this stuff. Well, for real, bud, it's maked up. There was a sheep city and they didn't just want to eat the same green flavored grass all day. These sheep wanted to have some yummy things. So the sheep would also okay, there was a special kind of sheep grass that was round at the top and the green part on bottom of the grass was hard. And do you know what it was? A sheep lollipop. Yes. And the sheep would lick it. The sheep would love the sheep lollipop. Well, one of the sheep's was named Sheppy Sheep. And Sheppy Sheep came right up to Wilder and said, wilder, did you find the secret door from the dinosaur museum that led you to this sheep city? And Wilder said, yes, I did. And Sheppy Sheep said, do you want to play catch with me? And Wilder looked around, and Wilder said, but sheppy sheep. There's no balls. And sheppy sheep said, I have an idea. We could play catch with some olives. Wilder said catch with olives. Olives? We're not supposed to throw food. And Sheppy Sheep said that in this special sheep city, they were allowed to throw olives. Would other sheeps eat them? And Sheppy Sheep said they had to do it sneakily so other sheep wouldn't see. But he said they're really allowed and that his sheep mama wouldn't mind. And Wilder said he asked his his whisper. Wilder whispered in his mom and dad as ears. And he said, could we really play catch with the olives? And his mama looked around and Wilder's dadda looked around and then they saw the olive trees and they saw there were so many olives. And sheppy sheep told them. Really? Really, it's okay. Because if we play catch with the olives and we catch an olive, then that's okay because we could just clean it up later. And sheep are so good at cleaning. How? Well, they just eat all the grass and they eat everything on the ground. And so Wilder said, okay. And Sheppy Sheep said, okay, I'm going to throw an olive to you. Get ready to catch. And Sheppy Sheep threw an olive all the way past Oliver. It was way too far a throw. And he threw it all the way into the chimney of the ice cream factory. It would go right into ice cream and it went right into the ice cream making machine. And then there was a big problem making olive ice cream. Yeah, made olive ice cream. And then all of Sheppy the sheep's friends saw that Sheppy the Sheep made olive flavored ice cream and they're like, we don't want that. And then the person who was in charge of the ice cream factory, which was really a sheep it was a sheep that was in charge of the ice cream factory told Wilder, wilder, I need you to come help because we need a person to help us because sheep are not so good at fixing ice cream factories. And Wilder said, But I'm just four years old. I don't know how to fix it. And Wilder's mom and dad said that they would help. So Wilder and his mom and dad went with sheppy sheep into the ice cream factory, and they saw where the olives got stuck. And so Wilder's dad but also, was it too late? Everyone threw the ice cream on the ground. Yeah, even the sheep had ice cream cones, and they threw it on the ground. And it was so much of a mess. Well, because it was disgusting. Wilder saw that part of the olives were stuck in a part that led to the machine. It was like a pipe that led to the machine that made ice cream. But Wilder couldn't reach it, and Wilder's dad couldn't reach it. Wilder had a good idea to give a ladder no, it was to get a shoulder ride. And Wilder told his dad to give him a shoulder ride because if kids are on their parents'shoulders, then they're even higher up and even taller than their parents. So Wilder's dad gave Wilder a shoulder ride. And Wilder's mama was cheering. Yay, Wilder. You could do it. And Wilder said, Just wait. And he reached up into the pipe and he got the olive away. Once Wilder got the olive away, the ice cream became regular ice cream. Wait. So z. Finally there was vanilla. Yeah, finally there was vanilla. And then Wilder saw that the machine had different buttons you could press to make different kinds of ice cream. And one kind of vanilla. Yeah, it was stuck on a vanilla. So Wilder asked if he could go on his mom's shoulders because the buttons were closer to his mom. And Wilder went on his mom's shoulders and pressed the red button, and that made strawberry ice cream. And then he pressed a brown button, which made caramel ice cream, which is that's yummy and yeah, yum. And he also pressed a black button, which made chocolate ice cream. And Wilder made so many yummy flavors of ice cream that Sheppy the sheep said he saved the ice cream factory. And when Wilder and his parents got out of the ice cream factory, all of the sheep were lined up in a circle around the ice cream factory. And they were doing a silly sheep dance and saying, Yay, Wilder. And Wilder's parents told Wilder that the museum was going to close soon. So they needed to go back out of the sheep city into the Dinosaur Museum before it closed. And Wilder and his parents went into the dinosaur museum. And then they went home and they lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.