Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kingdom that was surrounded by lots of sand. The kingdom had big walls around it, and the walls were made of gold. The walls could go under the ground where the sand was, or they could also go up really high. If you wanted the walls to the kingdom to go up, but that's not good, because if all gold, what if someone took something, like something that could break the gold and they could just take money? Well, the walls to the kingdom were very thick gold. It was like the gold was hundreds of feet thick, and it went under the ground, and it could also go where the sand was, it went under the sand, and you could also press a button that made it go up and that surrounded the kingdom.

If any enemy armies ever tried to go to the kingdom, they would have to get past that gold wall. One time, there was a big enemy army that marched in with lots of horses and stuff. They were hiding behind bushes, and they charged out from behind the bushes, and they brought lots of torches with them. They decided they were going to melt the gold walls, and then they were going to go in through a hole in the melted gold walls to get into Jonah and Jesse's kingdom. They made a big fire because gold could melt if you make a really hot fire. The gold from the wall started to melt.

Jesse, who was the king inside the kingdom, kept trying to press a button to make the wall go higher and higher. But unfortunately, the fire on the other side was so strong, it melted so much of the wall. The enemy army with all of their horses, they were almost about to get in. But the melted gold formed a hot river, a hot gold melted river, and the hot gold melted river surrounded the enemy army. The enemy army got stuck in the gold. All of the horses' feet were trapped in the gold. All of the enemy soldiers' shoes were trapped in the gold too. They ended up taking their shoes off, but then they realized that the gold went in, so they took the socks off, then they got away, and the enemy army, they took their shoes off, and they ended up retreating and running away before Jesse and his army could put them in jail.

Jesse told his royal advisor, who was a clown named Hooha, that they needed to think of a better trap so that the enemy army wouldn't be able to get them. Jesse's advisor, the clown named Hooha, said that he had some good ideas. The next day, when it was sunrise and everyone in Jesse's kingdom was getting ready to have some yummy waffles for breakfast, they heard some shouting from behind the bushes again, and it seemed like the enemy army had a bunch of water guns. This time, they were trying to squirt their water guns on top of the gold fence and flood the inside of the kingdom with so much water so that the kingdom would turn into a pool. But luckily, that wasn't very smart because they'd made a hole in the wall and all the water flooded onto them, and they kept squirting the water on top of the gold wall. Jesse was pressing the button that made the wall go higher and higher up, so it was really hard for their water guns to get to the top of the wall. The enemy army that day, with all of their water guns, got really wet, and everyone was okay in Jesse's kingdom. They got to have pizza for lunch.

That night, Jesse told everyone not to worry, because two times they were able to get rid of the enemy army without them entering the special kingdom. But as Jesse was sleeping that night, they felt a little earthquake, and the ground started to shake, and the castle started to shake, and the big gold walls crumpled down, and they fell down on the sandy beach around the kingdom. When everyone in Jesse's kingdom got up the next morning, and they looked outside the windows from their houses, and when Jesse looked out of the windows from his royal palace, on top of which there was a flag, he saw that there were no gold walls.

Suddenly he started to hear some shouting from behind the bushes. He saw that this time, the enemy army was riding some giant ants that were as big as trucks. The ants had ropes attached to them, and they had horns attached to them, and all of the ants were going to march towards his kingdom. Jesse asked his advisor, the royal clown Hooha, what should they do? Hooha said they should make the castle door a different color. The royal clown Hooha said that the dirt right next to the castle had sand all around it. When ants go in sand, they could move little pieces of sand. But guess what they decided to do? Hooha decided to make quicksand around the castle.

When all of the enemy armies started to surround the castle and they thought they could go right into the kingdom because there was no gold wall, the enemy army sunk in the quicksand, and they went under the sand. When they got under the sand, there was a hidden jail under the ground. In that jail, there was a special compartment where any of the army soldiers that were trying to invade got stuck on a merry-go-round that spun so fast around and around and around that it made them fall off of the merry-go-round, and they went flying back to the bushes from which they came. They threw up on all of them because, in midair, they were spinning.

The thing was, when you went on that merry-go-round, it made the enemy army kind of dizzy and a little bit nauseous. One of them started to throw up, and that's when Jonah and Jesse started to feel bad because they just wanted the enemy army to go away. They didn't want them to throw up and be sick and stuff. Jesse told his royal clown Hooha, who was his advisor, no more quicksand. The clown made all of the quicksand go away using his magic juggling balls.

After the quicksand went away, Jesse told all of the remaining soldiers who were captured in the jail under the ground that he was going to let them go and that they just shouldn't attack his kingdom anymore. When he looked very closely at them, he saw that the enemy soldiers were really just kids, and they were really just dressing up in costumes, and he thought that they were trying to attack, but really, it was just Halloween, and they were going to his kingdom to try to trick or treat for candy.

When Jesse realized that those were actually just different kids behind the bushes and not really bad guys, he told his clown that they should all say sorry to the enemy army because the enemy army wasn't really an enemy. It was just kids that wanted candy for Halloween. They decided to give all of the kids special candy and to let them in their kingdom. They decided to play together nicely. Jesse, Jonah, and all of the other kids lived happily ever after. The end.