Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old boy named Baxter. Baxter lived with his family in Norwell, Massachusetts. One day, Baxter and his mom were walking to the playground near their house when they saw an airplane flying very low, just above the trees. The airplane crashed into a hidden chocolate factory on the other side of the trees. Luckily, there was no fire because the pilot managed to land it safely inside the factory.

Baxter told his mom that they needed to hurry to the chocolate factory to see if the pilot was okay. They rushed past the trees and found the airplane inside the factory. The only person in the airplane was the pilot, who turned out to be a pirate! Baxter told the pirate that he couldn't stay in the airplane because pirates belong on boats, and it's not nice to crash airplanes into chocolate factories. The pirate apologized and left to find a boat in the ocean.

Baxter told his mom that they needed to check inside the airplane to make sure everything was okay. They climbed up into the airplane next to the chocolate factory. Inside, Baxter saw that the engines were broken. He suggested to his parents that they should turn the airplane into an airplane house, like a treehouse just for him, his friends, and his parents.

Baxter and his mom went to the furniture store and bought chairs, pretend kitchen equipment, fake couches, and soft blankets and pillows. They carried everything to the airplane and started decorating it to make it a cozy airplane house.

While Baxter was setting up the playroom with lots of toys in the airplane, the person in charge of the chocolate factory came out and walked towards him. The factory worker asked Baxter if he was the one who crashed the plane into the factory. Baxter explained that it was a pirate who was supposed to be on a ship but ended up flying the airplane. The factory worker asked Baxter if he liked chocolate, and Baxter said yes because he loved chocolate. The factory worker invited Baxter to make some dinosaur-shaped chocolate, and Baxter happily agreed. They went into the factory, and Baxter pushed buttons and used a computer.

Suddenly, the machine started making noises, and dinosaur-shaped chocolates began coming out. Baxter told all of his friends in the airplane house that they could have two pieces of dinosaur chocolate each. Then, Baxter had a great idea. He told his mom that they should attach rocket boosters to the airplane and turn it into a rocket ship. His mom agreed that it was a good idea.

They called a crane operator to help, and the crane lifted the airplane into an upright position like a rocket ship. Baxter climbed in and told everyone it was time for takeoff. They counted down from ten, but just before they reached one, Baxter shouted, "Wait! Don't take off!" He realized they had forgotten to bring the dinosaur chocolates onto the airplane.

Baxter also thought of attaching a rope to the rocket ship airplane so that when it went into space, they could climb down the rope to return to earth. Baxter and his mom found the longest rope in the world and stuffed it into the airplane rocket ship. They started the countdown again: ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, takeoff! Baxter and his mom, wearing astronaut suits, blasted off into space with the dinosaur chocolates, going higher than the clouds and through the sky until they reached outer space.

In outer space, Baxter told his mom to open the rocket ship door. They threw the dinosaur chocolates out into space, and they floated around. Astronauts in the International Space Station saw the floating chocolates, so they attached ropes to themselves and went out to catch them. The astronauts were very grateful to Baxter for the delicious treats.

Baxter decided it was time to return to earth, but he wanted to leave his airplane in outer space for a while. He and his mom climbed down the rope all the way back to earth. When they landed, they saw that the rope was still attached to the rocket ship in space, so Baxter could go back whenever he wanted. He used strong glue to attach the rope to the ground.

Baxter had many great ideas, and everyone was proud of him for finding a way to send dinosaur chocolates to the astronauts in space. Baxter and his family lived happily ever after. The end.