Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old boy whose name was Baxter. Baxter lived with his family in Norwell, Massachusetts. One day, as Baxter was going on a walk to the playground near his house with his mom, he saw an airplane going so low that it was barely even higher than the trees. The airplane crashed into a hidden chocolate factory on the other side of the trees. But there was no fire because the pilot was able to land it into the factory.

Baxter told his mom that they needed to hurry up and go to the chocolate factory to see if the pilot was okay. Baxter and his mom went all the way past the trees to the chocolate factory. When they got there, they saw that the airplane had indeed landed in the chocolate factory. There were no people in the airplane except for the pilot, who was a pirate. Baxter told the pilot that he couldn't stay in the airplane because pirates are supposed to go on boats, and it's not nice to crash airplanes into chocolate factories. The pirate, who was pretending to be the pilot, said that he was sorry, and then he left to go to the ocean to find a boat.

Baxter told his mom that now they needed to see inside the airplane to make sure everything was okay. Baxter and his mom climbed up the airplane right next to the chocolate factory. When they got inside the airplane, Baxter saw that the engines didn't work anymore. He told his parents that they should make this airplane into an airplane house, and it would be kind of like a treehouse for Baxter. Only Baxter and his friends were going to be allowed to go in the airplane house on top of the chocolate factory, along with his mom and dad.

Baxter and his mom went to the furniture store, and they got some chairs, kitchen equipment like fake pots and pans, pretend couches, and pretend blankets and pillows. They brought all of those pretend things all the way to the airplane and started decorating the airplane so that it could be an airplane house for Baxter and his friends and his parents.

As Baxter was decorating the airplane house to make a playroom with a lot of toys in the airplane, the person in charge of the chocolate factory came out and started to walk towards Baxter. The person asked Baxter if he was the one who crashed the plane into his factory. Baxter said it wasn't him; it was a pirate who was supposed to be on a ship but instead became the pilot of the airplane. The factory worker asked Baxter if he liked chocolate, and Baxter said yes because he did like chocolate. The factory man asked Baxter if he wanted to create some dinosaur chocolate, and Baxter said yes. So the factory man let Baxter go into the factory and push some buttons and touch a computer.

All of a sudden, the machine started to go clink-a-clink, and dinosaur chocolate began coming out. Baxter told all of his friends in the airplane that they could have two pieces of dinosaur chocolate. Baxter also had an idea, and it was a very good idea. He told his mom that they needed to put rocket boosters under the airplane and turn the airplane so that the front of it faced up, just like a rocket ship. Then they could turn the airplane into a rocket ship. Baxter's mom said that was a good idea.

They called a crane operator to come by, and the crane picked up the airplane and put it in the style of a rocket ship, where it was standing up. Baxter got in it, and he told everyone it was time for takeoff. The rocket engines were ready, and everyone counted down from ten. Finally, they got to three, two, one, and Baxter said, "Quick, don't take off! Don't take off!" Everyone almost took off, but it was an emergency. Baxter told everyone they forgot to bring the dinosaur chocolates onto the airplane.

He also had an idea of putting a rope on the rocket ship airplane so that when it went into space, it carried the rope to outer space. This way, when he wanted to get to earth, he didn't have to take the rocket ship back to earth; he could just climb down the rope.

Baxter and his mom got the longest rope in the whole world and stuffed it in the airplane rocket ship. They started to count down again: ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, takeoff! Baxter saw that just as he said takeoff, he was in charge of the rocket ship as a pilot, and he was wearing an astronaut suit because there were some extra astronaut suits there for him and his mom. They were blasting off into space with the dinosaur chocolates, going higher than the clouds, and through the sky until they got to outer space.

When they got to outer space, Baxter told his mom to open up the rocket ship door. Baxter's mom opened up the rocket ship door, and Baxter told his mom that they could throw the dinosaur chocolate out into space so it would float in outer space. Baxter's mom did that, and so many pieces of dinosaur chocolate started floating through outer space.

People in the International Space Station saw the dinosaur chocolates floating by, so they attached ropes to themselves and went out to catch the dinosaur chocolate so they could eat it in the space station. All of the astronauts in the space station were so proud of Baxter because he's the one who got them the dinosaur chocolate.

Baxter decided it was time for him to go all the way back down to earth, but he wanted to park his airplane in outer space for a little bit. Baxter took the rope all the way back down to earth, and his mom went with him. When they got back down to earth, they saw that the rope was still attached to the rocket ship in space so that he could go back to his airplane rocket ship whenever he wanted. When Baxter got to the earth, he attached the rope to the ground using really strong glue.

Baxter had lots of good ideas, and the rope stayed there. Baxter was so happy that he found a way to get dinosaur chocolate to space to give to the astronauts. Everyone was so proud of Baxter. Baxter and his family lived happily ever after. The end.