Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Murphy. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Okay, go ahead. I want adults. What's your name? I'm Batson. I wear mouse juice, and I want to rebel in a walking ship and house. You want a story about a trex, a rocket ship in a house, and you're from Massachusetts, and your name is Baxter. My little boy. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old boy who lives in Norwell, Massachusetts, and whose name is Baxter. And it's Baxter's birthday today, so happy birthday. Happy birthday. And Baxter asks for us to make up a story that includes a trex, which is a kind of dinosaur with big teeth, a rocket ship, and a house. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old boy whose name was Baxter. Baxter lived with his family in Norwal, Massachusetts. And one day, as Baxter was going on a walk to the playground near his house with his mom, he saw that there was an airplane that was going so low, the airplane was barely even higher than the trees. And the airplane crashed into a hidden chocolate factory on the other side of the trees. But there was no fire because the pilot was able to land it into the factory. Baxter told his mom that they needed to hurry up and go to the chocolate factory to see if the pilot was okay. And Baxter and his mom went all the way past the trees to the chocolate factory. When they got there, they saw that the airplane had indeed landed in the chocolate factory. There were no people in the airplane except for the pirate, except for the pilot, and the pilot was a pirate. So Baxter told the pilot, who was a pirate that he couldn't stay in the airplane because pirates are supposed to go on boats and also because it's not nice to crash airplanes into chocolate factories. The pirate who is in the airplane and who is pretending to be the pilot said that he was sorry, and then he left to go to the ocean to find a boat. And Baxter told his mom that now they needed to see inside the airplane to make sure everything was okay. And Baxter and his mom climbed up the airplane right next to the chocolate factory. And when they got inside the airplane, baxter saw that the engines didn't work anymore. He told his parents that they should make this airplane into an airplane house, and it will be kind of like a tree house for Baxter. And only Baxter and his friends were going to be allowed to go in the airplane house on top of the chocolate factory and his mom and dad. And so Baxter and his mom went to the furniture store, and they got some chairs, and they got some kitchen equipment, like fake pots and pans, and they got some pretend couches and some pretend blankets and pretend pillows. And they brought all of those pretend things all the way to the airplane. And they started decorating the airplane so that it could be an airplane house for Baxter and his friends and his parents. Well, as he was decorating the airplane house to make a playroom with a lot of toys in the airplane, the person who came out of the chocolate factory, who was in charge of the chocolate factory, started to walk to Baxter, and the person said, baxter, are you the one who crashed the plane into my factory? And Baxter said, it wasn't him. It was a pirate who was supposed to be on the ship, but instead became the pilot of the airplane. And the factory worker asked Baxter if he liked chocolate, and Baxter said yes, because Baxter did like chocolate. And the factory man asked Baxter if he wanted to create some dinosaur chocolate, and Baxter said yes. So the factory man let Baxter go in the factory and push some buttons and touch a computer. And all of a sudden, do you know what happened, bud? What? The machine started to go clink a clink, and suddenly some dinosaur chocolate was coming out. And Baxter told all of his friends in the airplane that they could have two pieces of dinosaur chocolate. Baxter also had an idea, and Baxter's idea was a very good idea. He told his mom that they needed to put rocket boosters under the airplane, and they needed to turn the airplane so that the front of it faced up just like a rocket ship, and then they could turn the airplane into a rocket ship. And Baxter's mom said that was a good idea. And so they called a crane and told the crane operator to come by, and the crane picked up the airplane and put it in the style of a rocket ship where it was standing up. And then Baxter got in it, and he told everyone it was time for takeoff. And the rocket engines were ready, and everyone counted down from ten. And finally they got to three, two, one. And Baxter said, quick, don't take off. Don't take off. Because everyone almost took off, but it was an emergency. Baxter told everyone they forgot to bring the dinosaur chocolates onto the airplane. And he also had an idea of putting a rope on the rocket ship airplane so that when it went into space, it carried the rope to outer space. And this way, when he wanted to get to earth, he didn't have to take the rocket ship back to earth. He could just climb down the rope. Yes. And so Baxter and his mom got the longest rope in the whole world, and they stuffed it in the airplane rocket ship. And then they started to count down again. They started at ten, nine, eight, seven I think there's something missing. 54321 takeoff. And Baxter saw that just as he said takeoff, he was in charge of the rocket ship as a pilot, and he was wearing an astronaut suit because there were some extra astronaut suits there for him and his mom. And they were blasting off into space with the dinosaur chocolates, and soon they were blasting higher than the clouds, and they were going through the sky until they got to outer space. When they got to outer space, baxter told his mom to open up the rocket ship door. And Baxter's mom opened up the rocket ship door, and Baxter told his mom that they could throw the dinosaur chocolate out into space so it would float in outer space. Yeah. What happened to it? And Baxter's mom did that, and so many pieces of dinosaur chocolate started floating through outer space. The people at the space station, did they get it out? Yeah. And then there were people that were in the international space station, which is a place where people are in space, and they saw the dinosaur chocolates floating by, so they were like, we want to go out and get it. And they had to attach ropes to themselves and go out to catch the dinosaur chocolate so that they could eat it in the space station. And all of the astronauts in the space station were so proud of Baxter because he's the one that got them the dinosaur chocolate. Well, Baxter decided it was time for him to go all the way back down to earth, but he wanted to park his airplane in outer space for a little bit. So Baxter decided to take the rope all the way back down to earth, and his mom took it with him. When they got back down to earth, they saw that the rope was still attached to the rocket ship in space so that he could go back to his airplane rocket ship whenever he wanted. Actually, I think there is one thing. The rope will just go high or up because stuff floats, so it will just float. Yeah. Well, the rope part of it. When Baxter got to the earth, he attached it to the ground using really strong glue. Not regular Elmer's glue, not even wood glue, not even superglue a kind of cement rope. Twinkle glue in wood glue. Next. Whoa. He didn't have that idea, but Baxter had lots of good ideas, and the rope stayed there. And Baxter was so happy that he found a way to get dinosaur chocolate to space to give to the astronauts. And everyone was so proud of Baxter. And Baxter and his family lived happily ever after. The end. I'm leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stories.