Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Giovana. Giovana loved to play and help her mom cook. One day, Giovana and her mom were baking some cupcakes, mixing up the cupcake batter in a big bowl. Giovana loved to help because sometimes her mom let her lick the batter, which was so yummy. That's the part of the cupcake when it's not cooked yet.

Giovana was having fun, but she realized that she needed a special kind of spatula. She opened up a drawer in her kitchen, and the drawer came out, revealing a hidden secret door made of gold under the sink. Giovana told her mom to look under the sink, and her mom opened up the little door, discovering a gold tunnel behind the magic door. The gold tunnel had a bunch of lights on top of it, and it was really small. So Giovana and her mom had to crawl under the sink through the gold tunnel.

When they crawled through the gold tunnel, they found a city made of gold on the other side. There were so many kids playing in the city, and all of the kids had golden hair. Some of the kids were playing with gold jump ropes, some with gold fire trucks, and there was even a baby playing with a gold ChuChu train. All of the dolls in the city were made of gold, as were the teddy bears. Even the beds and pillows were gold, and they did so many things in gold.

Well, Giovana was looking around the city with her mom, and she saw that there were many people who lived in buildings. But the buildings in the city of gold didn't have regular elevators. If you wanted to go up an elevator in the golden city, you went on an elevator balloon ride. The balloon carried the elevator up, and then you got out on top. Then there would be a machine that popped the balloon so the elevator could go back down. When the elevator went back down, it fell on a trampoline so that it wouldn't hurt the people inside. Then you would press a button, and the elevator door would open, and you would be back in the golden city.

In the golden city, there were also golden butterflies. Giovana saw that there were many golden butterflies, and they had a job of putting extra glue on the strings that held together the balloon elevators onto the gold buildings. There were also a bunch of robots in the gold buildings. One of the robots told Giovana that his whole job was to fix toys after they were broken. Giovana told the toy-fixing robot that it was a nice robot, and the robot felt good. Then the robot told Giovana that it could also go to a factory and get a toy for her. So Giovana said, that's a good idea.

Giovana, her mom, and the robot walked all the way to the golden toy factory. When they got to the golden toy factory, they saw that it was inside a golden mountain, and the factory had many robots working in it. There were robots that made ChuChu train toys, robots that made power wheels, and even a robot that delivered all of the toys to the North Pole. That robot was in charge, like Santa would pick it up, I guess. Nobody knows why, but maybe someday people will figure out why there were delivery robots going from the golden city to the North Pole every year.

The robots said that they wanted some M&M cookies, and Giovana told the robots that she was baking cupcakes at her house, but she didn't have any M&M cookies. Then the robots told Giovana that she could just use some extra gold that was sitting on the ground to buy M&M cookies. So Giovana picked up a piece of gold that was lying on the ground, and she brought it to a bakery. She went with her mom, and when she got into the bakery store, she saw that all of the cakes, muffins, and cookies were floating in the store. She told the rabbit, who was in charge of the bakery, that she wanted to get five M&M cookies, and the rabbit said, okay. Giovana gave the rabbit a little piece of gold, and the rabbit was happy. The rabbit gave Giovana five M&M cookies, and Giovana gave them to the toy-fixing robots because they were nice robots.

Giovana started to hear an oven beep, and she told her mom that they should probably open the magic door and go back into her kitchen to see if the muffins and cupcakes were ready. Giovana's mom said that would be a good idea. So Giovana decided to say goodbye to the golden butterflies, the kitty cats jumping on golden jump ropes, and all of the kids with golden hair. She also said goodbye to the golden toy factory. Giovana and her mom went back to Giovana's house, and they started to eat some of the cupcakes, and they lived happily ever after. The end.