Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Murphy. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Hi. My name is Giovana. I live in Floyd Thompson, Indiana. And what I'm requesting for this makeup story is a magic door gold and a magic cookie without I'm done it. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Giovana who lives in Floyd's Knobs, Indiana, and who turned five years old three days ago on January 30. And so we want to say, happy birthday, Giovana and Giovana. Happy Giovana. Thanks, bud. And Giovana asked for us to make up a story that includes a magic door, gold, and a magic cookie with Eminem's on it. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Giovana. Giovana loved to play and to help her mom cook. And so one day, Giovana and her mom were baking some cupcakes, and they were mixing up some cupcake mix and stirring and stirring in a big bowl. And Giovana loved to help because sometimes Giovana's mom let her lick the batter, and it was so yummy. That's the part of the cupcake when it's not cooked yet. And Giovana was having fun, but she realized that she needed a special kind of spatula, and she opened up a drawer in her kitchen, and the drawer came out, and she saw that there was a hidden secret door that was made of gold, which was under the sink. And so Giovana told her mom to look under the sink, and her mom opened up the thing under the little door under the sink, and she saw that there was a gold tunnel behind the magic door. And the gold tunnel had a bunch of lights on top of it, and it was really little. So Giovana and her mom had to crawl under the sink through the gold tunnel. And when they crawled through the gold tunnel, they found that there was a city which was made of gold on the other side. And there were so many kids who were playing in the city, and all of the kids had golden hair, and some of the kids were playing with gold jump ropes, and some of the kids were playing with gold fire trucks, and there was even a baby who was playing with a gold ChuChu train. All of the dolls in the cities were made of in the city were made of gold. All of the teddy bears were made of gold, even the beds and people slept on gold pillows, and they did so many things in gold. Well, Giovanni was looking around the city with her mom, and she saw that there were so many people who lived in buildings, but that in the buildings in the city of gold, the golden buildings did not have regular elevators. If you wanted to go up an elevator in the golden City, then you went on an elevator balloon ride, and the balloon carried up the elevator, and then you got out of the elevator on top, and then there would be a machine that popped the balloon so the elevator could go back down. And when the elevator went back down, it fell on a trampoline so that it wouldn't hurt for the people inside. And then you would press a button, and the elevator door would open, and you would be back in the Golden City. In the Golden City, there are also butterflies. It accidentally bumped into a plane, and that made it flow away from the trampoline. And Giovana was walking outside in the Golden City when she saw that there was a robot that said, Giovana, aren't you worried that the elevator might just float away because it's attached to balloons, and then a plane will go next to it, and then the elevator will go away? And Giovana told the robot that she was not worried because the elevators, which were attached to the balloons also had strings attached to them and ropes so that they wouldn't go away from the buildings. And Giovanni was looking around, and she saw that there were so many golden butterflies. What happened if the string was white? She saw that there were so many golden butterflies and that the golden butterflies had a job of putting extra glue on the strings that held together the balloon elevators onto the gold buildings. And there were also a bunch of robots in the gold buildings. And the robots went all the way up to Giovana. And one of the robots told Giovana, I am a robot. I fix toys. And Giovana asked the robot what he really does. And the robot told Giovana that his whole job was to fix toys after they were broken. And Giovana told the toy fixing robot that it was a nice robot, and the robot felt good. And then the robot told Giovana that it could also go to a factory and get a toy for Giovana. So Giovana said, that's a good idea. And the robot held Giovana's hand, and the robot and Giovana and Giovana's mom walked all the way to the Golden Toy Factory. When they got to the Golden Toy Factory, they saw that the Golden Toy Factory was inside of a golden mountain, and the Golden Toy Factory had so many robots that worked in it. And there were robots that made ChuChu train toys, and there were robots that made power wheels, and there was even a robot that delivered all of the toys to the North Pole. And that robot was in charge, like a Santa would pick it up, I guess. I'm not sure. But that was the robot's job, to take it from the Golden City to the North Pole. Nobody knows why, but maybe someday people will figure out why there were delivery robots, and they went from the Golden City to the North Pole every year, and they would get really I think it's for santa? I don't know, bud. And then in those delivery robots, do you know what they had to eat? What? They used to love to eat? Eminem cookies. Because it wasn't the kind of robots that you plugged in. These robots had real mouths and real tummies. It just they were made of metal. It wasn't made of, like, skin and other things that people are made of. Well, the robots said that they wanted some Eminem cookies, and Giovana told the robots that she was baking some cupcakes in her house, but she didn't have any Eminem cookies. And then the robots told Giovana that she could just use some extra gold that was sitting on the ground to buy Eminem cookies. So Giovana picked up a piece of gold that was lying down on the ground, and she brought it to a bakery. She went with her mom, and when she got into the bakery store, she saw that all of the cakes and all of the muffins and all of the cookies were floating in the store. And she told the rabbit, who is in charge of the bakery, she told the rabbit that she wanted to get five Eminem cookies, and the rabbit said, okay. And then Giovana gave the rabbit a little piece of gold, and the rabbit was happy. The rabbit gave Giovana five Eminem cookies, and Giovana gave it to the robots that fix toys, because those are nice robots. And the robots told Giovana that they were very happy with her and that they would make sure that they kept delivering a lot of presents from the Golden Toy Factory, which was inside of a gold mountain in the city of Gold. Giovana started to hear an oven beep, and she told her mom that they should probably open the magic door and go back into her kitchen to see if the muffins that were baking and the cupcakes that were baking were all ready. And Giovana's mom said that that would be a good idea. So Giovana decided to say goodbye to the golden butterflies, and she also said goodbye to the kitty cats, which were jumping on golden jump ropes, and she said goodbye to all of the kids that had golden hair. And she also said goodbye to the Golden Toy Factory. And Giovana and her mom went back to Giovana's house, and they started to eat some of the cupcakes, and they lived happily ever after. The end. My name is Riley, and I live in Pacific, California. And when I was two, I went to go see the dinosaurs, and I was sad and scared. But now I'm four, and I'm happy and brave. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stories.