Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old boy whose name was Liam. Liam was sad because he didn't get any presents. Liam said, "No fair! I want presents!" Liam's mom and dad said, "Liam, you do get presents. You get presents when it's your birthday, sometimes from Grandma and Grandpa, and from friends. You have a lot of toys." But Liam said, "Really? I wanted a different present, and I'm not telling you what it is."

The next day, Liam woke up and saw a big box outside his front door. Liam asked his mom for help opening up the box. They used a butter knife to open it, and they saw that it was a Power Wheels. A Power Wheels is a car that kids can drive, and kids can steer it if they want to turn right or left, and they can stop if they want to press the brakes, or they can go. Liam told his mom it was essential to set it up right away. They got some tools, including a screwdriver, and built the Power Wheels.

Once it was built, they had to charge it. They plugged it into the wall so the battery could charge. When it was ready to go, Liam said, "Okay, time to Power Wheels in the playground." His mom agreed, so they brought the Power Wheels to a playground, and Liam started to drive it all by himself.

As Liam was driving, he noticed many birds flying in a circle right on top of the Power Wheels. More birds came, and the whole sky was full of birds flying in circles on top of each other all the way up to the clouds. Liam saw that there was a little boy who fell through the circle of birds, and he was going to fall right onto the ground, which could be dangerous. Liam parked his Power Wheels so that the little boy would fall on the Power Wheels, and he was safe. The birds also helped the boy by letting him fall on them so that it didn't hurt because birds could fly.

When the boy got to the Power Wheels, Liam asked, "How did you just fall down from the sky? Were you in an airplane and you fell out of an airplane?" The boy said, "No. My name is Jenny, and I am a giant." Liam said, "What? No way. You're not a giant because even though you're four years old, you look like you're just two years old." Jenny, the boy, said, "No, really, you have to believe me. That's how I came from the sky because I'm a giant, and something made me small. And then I fell down, and it's lucky that I fell on your Power Wheels."

Liam and Jenny went up to Liam's mom. Liam's mom said, "Uh-oh, this is a real serious problem because it seems like Jenny used to be a giant, and he used to be so big. He had legs as big as big trees and a tummy as big as a skyscraper. His arms were longer than jumbo jets, and his nose was as big as a rocket ship. But he turned into a little boy." Jenny's mom said, "Okay, now we have to figure out how to make him bigger again."

Just as Jenny started to ask for help, they saw that all the birds started to fly in the Power Wheels and were trying to take the Power Wheels into the sky. Liam said, "No, birdies, don't get my Power Wheels." Jenny, who used to be a giant but now looked like a toddler, said, "Well, maybe we could go in the Power Wheels to have a ride, and then when I get back in the clouds, we could figure out how to make me a giant again." Liam's mom said, "I don't think that's a good idea because how would Liam get back down to the playground?"

Liam and his mom had a different idea. They saw a pond near the playground, and in the pond, there was a duck chewing on an apple. Liam's mom said, "Well, maybe this is a magic kind of apple." They went to the duck, and instead of saying, "quack, quack, quack," the duck said, "Avra keravra. I can do some magic for you." Liam said, "You know that my friend Jenny, who looks like a toddler, used to be a giant?" The duck said, "Quack, quack. I know." The duck said, "The trick is you have to get one of the seeds from the middle of the apple and take the seed out of the apple and put it in the pond. You have to throw it just like you're going to skip rocks."

Liam threw the apple seed in the middle of the pond, and suddenly a big beanstalk started to grow. The beanstalk got so big, it was bigger than redwood trees, bigger than a rocket ship, bigger than a jumbo jet. It went all the way into the clouds. Liam's mom told Jenny, "Why don't you start to climb the beanstalk and see if anything starts happening because it looks like a magic beanstalk since it grew from an apple seed and it grew so quickly?"

Jenny started climbing the beanstalk and ate some leaves. As he started eating the leaves, he became big. First, he got as big as a big boy, then as big as a teenager, then as big as a grown-up, and then as big as the tallest person who ever lived. He kept eating and kept getting bigger and bigger until he climbed up to his giant house in the sky and lived happily ever after. The end.