Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. My name is Liam, and I'm four years old. I'm from Oregon State, and I want a magic car, a beanstock in a giant. Thank you. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old boy named Liam who lives in Oregon. And Liam asked for us to make up a story that includes a magic car, a beanstalk, and a giant. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four year old boy whose name was Liam. And Liam was sad because Liam didn't get any presents. And Liam said, no fair. I want presents. I want presents. And Liam's mom and Liam's dad said, Liam, really? You do get presents. You get presents when it's your birthday. Sometimes you get presents from Grandma and Grandpa, and you get presents from friends, so you do have a lot of toy. But Liam said really? I wanted a different present, and I'm not telling you what it is. Well, the next day, Liam woke up, and he saw a big, big box outside his front door. And Liam asked his mom for help opening up the box. And they used a butter knife to open it up, and they saw that it was a Power Wheels. A Power Wheels is a car that kids can drive, and Power Wheels can really go, and kids can steer it if they want to turn right or left, and they can stop if they want to press the brakes, or they can go. Well, Liam told his mom it was so important for them to set it up right away. So they got some tools, including a screwdriver. Were they going to go to the supermarket? They got some tools, including the screwdriver. And then they built the power wheels. Once it was built, they had to charge it. So they plugged it into the wall so the battery could charge, charge, charge. And then it was ready. When it was ready to go, Liam said, okay, time to Power Wheels, because we should do it in the playground. And his mom said, okay. So they brought the Power Wheels to a playground, and he started to drive it all by himself in the playground. And it was very interesting because the Power Wheels was going on, like the sidewalk in the playground, and it was going around the slides and the swings, and it was driving next to the climbing structure. No. And as he was driving, he noticed that there were a lot of birds that started to fly in a circle right on top of the Power Wheels. And they were tweeting, and they were going tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet. And then more birds came, and the whole sky was full of birds flying in circles on top of each other all the way up to the clouds. Like there was one circle that looks like a ring all the way to space or I'm going to tell you. There was one circle on the bottom with birds flying around in a circle. And then on top of that, there were more birds, and more birds and more birds. There's so many circles of birds, it went all the way up to the clouds. And liam saw that there was a little boy who kind of fell in through the circle of birds, and he was going to fly right onto the ground, and that could be dangerous. So liam parked his power wheels so that the little boy would fall on the power wheels, and he was safe. And the birds also helped the boy by letting him fall on them so that it didn't hurt, because birds could fly. Yeah, they grabbed onto his shirts and pants to make him go slower. When the boy got to the power wheels, liam said, how did you just fall down from the sky? Were you in an airplane and you fell out of an airplane? And the boy said, no. And the boy guessed how big he looked. He looked pretty little. He looked like even though he was four years old, he looked like a two year old. And the boy said, no, my name is jenny, and I am a giant. And liam said, what? No way. You're not a giant, because even though you're four years old, you look like you're just two years old. And jenny, the boy said, no, really, you have to believe me. That's how I came from the sky, because I'm a giant and something made me small. And then I fell down, and it's lucky that I fell on your power wheels. And liam said, okay, well, what should we do? And liam and the other four year old boy, who looked like he was just two years old and looked like a toddler, went up to liam's mom. And liam's mom said, uhoh, this is a real serious problem, because it seems like jenny used to be a giant, and he used to be so, so big. And he used to have legs that were as big as big trees, and he used to have jenny was a four year old boy who had legs that were as big as two redwood trees stacked up on top of each other. And he had a tummy that was as big as a skyscraper. And he had arms that were longer than jumbo jets, and his nose was as big as a rocket ship, and his head was so big, but he turned into a little boy. And jenny's mom said, okay, now we have to figure out how to make him bigger again. Just as Jenny started to ask for help. And Liam's mom said, okay, we need to figure out a way to help. They saw that all of the birdies started to fly in the power wheels and they were trying to pick up the power wheels and the birdies were trying to take the power wheels in the sky and see if it could drive in the sky. And Liam said, no, birdies, don't get my Power wheels. And Liam's friend Jenny, the one who used to be a giant but now looks like a toddler, said, well, maybe we could go in the Power Wheels to have a ride, and then when I get back in the clouds, we could figure out how to make me a giant again. And Liam's mom said, I don't think that's a good idea because how would Liam get back down to the playground? And so Liam and his mom had a different idea. They saw that there was a pond near the playground, and in the pond there was a ducky. And the ducky was chewing on an apple. Usually ducks don't eat an apple can. Yeah, usually ducks. Yeah, usually ducks don't eat apples. So Liam's mom said, well, maybe this is a magic kind of apple. And Liam's mom said to Liam, why don't we go to the duck and get the apple and see if there's anything we could do with it? And they went to the duck, and right when they got to the duck, instead of saying, quack, quack, quack, do you know what the duck said? What? Avra keravra. And he said, I could do some magic for you. And Liam said what? You know that my friend Jenny looks like a toddler, used to be a giant? And the ducky said, quack, quack. I know. And the ducky said, the trick is you have to get one of the seeds from the middle of the apple and take the seed out of the apple and put it in the pond. And you have to throw it just like you're going to skip rocks. You throw it kind of sideways and it'll go in middle of the pond and all the water will go into the seed and it will start going up to the sky. And Liam said, okay. And Liam threw the apple seed in middle of the pond just like he was skipping a rock, and it went to the middle. And suddenly a big beanstalk started to grow. And all the water from the pond went away because it went up the beanstalk. And the beanstalk got so big, it was bigger than redwood trees, bigger than a rocket ship, bigger than a jumbo jet, bigger than so many things. It went all the way to the moon, bigger than a fire truck ladder, and it didn't go all the way to the moon, didn't go all the way to the moon, but it went into the clouds. And then Liam's mama told Liam's friend Jenny, who was a boy, now, why don't you start to climb the beanstock and see if anything starts happening, because it looks like a magic beanstock since it grew from an apple seed and it grew so quickly. And Jenny the boy said, okay, maybe if he ate one it'll. Give him his Soupal power back. Yeah. So he started climbing on the beanstalk, and just as he started climbing it, the birds decided to let the Power Wheels go gently back down on the playground, and it honked by itself. Have you ever seen a Power Wheels that could honk by itself? No. I haven't either. And the beanstalk seemed like it had some magical powers that let the Power Wheels honk by itself. And so Jinny, the giant who jenny, who is the giant who turned into a little toddler, started to climb up the beanstalk, and he ate some leaves in the beanstalk. And just as he started eating the leaves, he became big. First he got as big as a big boy, and then he ate another leaf, and he became as big no, first he became as big as a teenager, and then he ate another leaf from the beanstalk. And then he became as big as a grown up. And then he ate another leaf, and he became as big as the tallest person who ever lived, who is as tall as an Asian elephant. And he kept eating, and he kept getting bigger and bigger until he climbed up to his giant house in the sky and lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to listen to up because they like it.