Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jesse. Jesse lived in a special monkey house. His roof was made out of bananas and the walls of his house were made of big, strong sticks. Jesse's monkey house was right in the middle of a jungle where there were so many monkeys. Jesse was the littlest monkey of the whole jungle. Sometimes when Jesse's mama and Jesse's dada would look for him, they couldn't even find him because he would hide behind a box of Cheerios and he was so small that he could even fit in the box of Cheerios.

One day, when Jesse went out of his monkey house, he met a pig. The pig had a big pink snout and said to Jesse, "Jesse, how would you like to be the biggest monkey in the whole jungle?" Jesse said that he wanted that. So the pig told Jesse that all he had to do was to stand very still and close his eyes. Then the pig would breathe some magic air onto Jesse, and Jesse would turn big. Jesse agreed, closed his monkey eyes, and held out his monkey hands. The pig said, "Hot chew!" When the pig sneezed onto Jesse, some pink air came out, and Jesse got bigger and bigger and bigger.

Jesse got so big that he couldn't even fit in his monkey house anymore. When he went back to see his monkey mom and his monkey dad, they thought he was a giant monkey. Jesse's mom said, "Jesse, how come you're so big?" Jesse told his monkey mom that he became a giant monkey after a pig with a pink snout sneezed on him. Jesse's dad asked Jesse if he could have a piggyback ride. Jesse agreed and put his dad on one shoulder and his mom on his other shoulder. Jesse started to stomp about the big monkey forest until he got all the way to a mountain that was made out of crystals.

The Crystal Mountain was so shiny, and it had caves all over it. In the caves, there were special treats. Some of the treats in the cave had magical properties. For example, in one hole in the Crystal Mountain, there was a cave where if you went in and touched something, anything that your hand pointed at would start to float. Jesse really wanted to go into that cave because he wanted to have floating power. But when he put his hand next to that crystal cave right by the mountain, it couldn't fit. So Jesse asked his mom and dad if they could stick their hands in instead. Jesse's dad put his little thumb right in that hole of the cave. When he put it in, his thumb got floating power. Jesse told his dad to point at Jesse, and Jesse's dad pointed at Jesse, making Jesse start to float.

Jesse floated with his dad and his mom on his shoulders all the way on top of the mountain. He started to float through the clouds until he got to Antarctica. When Jesse got to Antarctica, he saw that there was so much snow and that it was really cold. Jesse's parents said that they were too shivery and cold. Jesse said that Antarctica had to be so cold because it was really a giant's freezer. The giant kept some ice cream and yummy treats like popsicles under Antarctica. The giant needed such a big freezer because giants keep so many popsicles and so much ice cream. When the giant wanted to have dinner, he would have a special supply of dinosaur chicken nuggets that he kept frozen under Antarctica. Jesse told his parents that they didn't have to be afraid of the giant because Jesse was such a big monkey and even giants would be afraid of Jesse.

Just as he said that, a giant said "Phi Phi Foum" and started walking around Antarctica. The giant decided to open up Antarctica so that the top came off because it wanted to get its popsicles. Jesse asked the giant if it was going to share any popsicles. The giant said he would have to decide. The giant opened up Antarctica, and underneath he got a popsicle made out of banana. He gave the banana popsicle to Jesse. Jesse opened it up and smelled it. It smelled like a yummy kind of popsicle for monkeys and was also a giant-sized popsicle. But Jesse's dad and Jesse's mom started to scream on Jesse's shoulders. They said, "Jesse, don't eat the banana popsicle! It's a trick. The giant is just trying to trick you into eating it. If you eat that banana popsicle, then you'll get caught in the freezer under Antarctica, and you'll be small again and locked under Antarctica for the rest of time."

The giant couldn't see Jesse's dad and Jesse's mom because they were such small little monkeys, and they were on Jesse's shoulder. The giant said, "Come on, Jesse. You should just eat the banana popsicle." Jesse had to decide. Jesse told the giant that he didn't want to eat the banana popsicle and that he would give it back to the giant. The giant said, "Please, please, can you eat it?" Jesse said maybe he would eat it a different time, but really, Jesse wasn't going to eat it a different time. He just didn't want the giant to be sad. The giant said, "Okay, if you don't eat the banana popsicle, will you just go under Antarctica for a little bit?" Jesse said no.

Jesse told the giant that he needed to go back to the jungle because he didn't even have a big winter coat with him, and he didn't bring his skis, and it was too cold and too snowy in Antarctica. The giant said, "But I don't have any friends to play with me." Jesse said that maybe he would come back a different day. So Jesse left Antarctica and went back to the mountain that was made of crystals. He told his parents to stick their hands in a different cave in the mountain that would turn him back to regular size. That's what Jesse's mom did. Jesse became regular size again and went back to the jungle. He started to fit back into his monkey house with the roof made of bananas. Jesse and his family lived happily ever after. The end.