Yiddaya. Hello, I'm Anna, and I live in Nashville, Tennessee. Welcome to makeup stories. AI tonight's Makeup Story is being told live to my sons, Jonah and Jesse. And we just got back from a trip to the biggest mountain in New Zealand which is called Mount Cook and is covered in snowy, icy glaciers. And there's some green water there that has icebergs floating in it. And we went boating around that to go check out the icebergs. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse. And Jesse lived in a typical monkey house. And his roof was made out of bananas and the walls of his house were made of big, strong sticks. Jesse's monkey house was right in middle of a jungle where there were so many monkeys. Jesse was the littlest monkey of the whole jungle. Sometimes when Jesse's mama and Jesse's dadda would look for him, they couldn't even find him because he would hide behind a box of Cheerios and he was so small that he could even fit in the box of Cheerios. Well, one day when Jesse went out of his monkey house, he met a pig. And the pig had a big pink snout. And it said to Jesse, jesse, how would you like to be the biggest monkey in the whole jungle? And Jesse said that he wanted that. So the pig told Jesse that all Jesse had to do was to stand very still and close his eyes. And then the pig would breathe some magic air onto Jesse and Jesse would turn big. So Jesse said, okay. He closed his monkey eyes and he held out his monkey hands and the pig said, Hot chew. And when the pig sneezed onto Jesse, some pink air came out and Jesse got bigger and bigger and bigger. Jesse got so big that he couldn't even fit in his monkey house anymore. When he went back to see his monkey mom and his monkey dad, they thought he was a giant monkey. And Jesse's mom said, jesse, how come you're so big? And Jesse told his monkey mom that he became a giant monkey after a pig with a pink snout started to sneeze on him. And Jesse's dad asked Jesse if he could have a piggyback ride. And Jesse said, okay. Jesse said, okay. Jesse said, okay. And Jesse put his dad on one shoulder and Jesse put his mom on his other shoulder. And Jesse started to stomp about the big monkey forest until he got all the way to a mountain that was made out of crystals. The Crystal Mountain was so shiny, and it had caves all over it. And in the caves there were special treats. Some of the treats that were in the cave had magical properties. Like, for example, there was in one hole in the Crystal Mountain there was a cave where if you went in the cave and you touched something, then anything that your hand pointed at would start to float. And Jesse really wanted to go into that cave because he wanted to have floating power. But when he put his hand next to that crystal cave right by the mountain, it couldn't fit. So Jesse asked his mom and dad if they could stick their hands in instead. And Jesse's dad put his little thumb right in that hole of the cave. And when he put it in, his thumb got floating power. And Jesse told his dad that he should point at Jesse. And Jesse's dad pointed at Jesse, and Jesse started to float. And Jesse floated with his dad and his mom on his shoulders all the way on top of the mountain. And he started to float through the clouds until he got to Antarctica. And when Jesse got to Antarctica, he saw that there was so much snow and that it was really cold. Antarctica has so much snow. And he pointed out that Antarctica has so much snow. Well, Jesse's parents said that they were too shivery and cold. And Jesse said that Antarctica had to be so cold because it was really a giant's freezer. And the giant kept some ice cream and some yummy treats like popsicles under Antarctica. And the giant needed such a big freezer because giants keep so many popsicles and so much ice cream. And when the giant wanted to have dinner, he would have a special supply of dinosaur chicken nuggets that he kept frozen under Antarctica. And Jesse told his parents that they didn't have to be afraid of the giant because Jesse was such a big monkey and even giants would be afraid of Jesse. And just as he said that, a giant said Phi Phi Foum. And it started walking around Antarctica, and it decided to open up Antarctica so that the top came off because it wanted to get its popsicles. And Jesse asked the giant if the giant was going to share any popsicles. And the giant said he would have to decide. The giant opened up Antarctica, and underneath he got a popsicle made out of banana. And he gave the banana popsicle to Jesse. And Jesse opened it up, and he smelled it. And it smelled like a yummy kind of popsicle for monkeys. And it was also a giant size popsicle. But Jesse's dad and Jesse's mom started to scream on Jesse's shoulders. And they said, Jesse, don't eat the banana popsicle. It's a trick. The giant is just trying to trick you into eating it. And if you eat that banana popsicle, then you'll get caught in the freezer under Antarctica, and you'll be small again and you'll be locked under Antarctica for the rest of time. The giant couldn't see Jesse's dad and Jesse's mom because they were so small little monkeys, and they were on Jesse's shoulder. And the giant said, come on, Jesse. You should just eat the banana popsicle. And Jesse had to decide. Jesse told the giant that he didn't want to eat the banana popsicle and that he would give it back to the giant. And the giant said, Please, please, can you eat it? And Jesse said maybe he would eat it a different time. But really, Jesse wasn't going to eat it a different time. He just didn't want the giant to be sad. And the giant said, okay, if you don't eat the banana popsicle, will you just go under Antarctica for a little bit? And Jesse said, no. Jesse told the giant that he needed to go back to the jungle because he didn't even have a big winter coat with him, and he didn't bring his skis, and it was too cold and it was too snowy in Antarctica. And the giant said, But I don't have any friends to play with me. And Jesse said that maybe he would come back a different day. So Jesse left Antarctica, and he went back to the mountain that was made of crystals, and he told his parents to stick their hands in a different cave in the mountain that would turn him back regular size. And that's what Jesse's mom did. And Jesse became regular size again, and he went back to the jungle, and he started to fit back into his monkey house with the roof made of bananas. And Jesse and his family lived happily ever after. The end of night. Oh, yeah. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name's Anne Louise.