Is will I? Welcome to makeup stories. Tonight's makeup story is about king Jonah and his kingdom. King Jonah was a six year old king who lived in a magical kingdom that was far away. In king Jonah's kingdom, the houses would float. There were butterflies that carried people through a magical forest where there were trees that grew golden and silver leaves and also green leaves of peace. And in king Jonah's kingdom, there were also treasure boxes that had switches in them. And there were mazes and unicorns. And there were fire hydrants that made rainbows go out. And there were also wizards. Well, one day king Jonah woke up and the bells were ringing all over his kingdom because it was king Jonah's birthday. When it's the king's birthday, it's not like a regular birthday where you just get some cake. The whole kingdom has a celebration. And so everybody was wearing their best pajamas in the morning for king Jonah's birthday. All of the kids that lived in king Jonah's kingdom were so happy, and they were jumping up and down and clapping and saying yay, because they knew that on king Jonah's birthday, there was the biggest race in the world. On king Jonah's birthday, all of the unicorns that lived in king Jonah's kingdom had a unicorn race where they would have to go all around the whole world, flying through parts, running up mountains, and also swimming through the oceans. And the unicorn that could do it the fastest was declared the winning unicorn of the year and got a special sticker award. And that year, all of the kids in the world who bought like a unicorn sticker or got a unicorn tattoo, it would be of that unicorn that won the race around the world. In king Jonah's kingdom on king Jonah's birthday, there was also a race for the mermaids. The mermaids didn't have to fly because mermaids don't have wings. And the mermaids didn't have to go on the land because mermaids don't have legs. Also, the mermaids would have a contest for who could swim under the blue lagoon to the bottom of the ocean where the water meets the middle of the earth. Because in the middle of the earth, the mermaids had a secret passage that got past the magma all the way to the very middle of the earth where there was a secret treasure. And the mermaids would have to go to the center of the earth beneath the magma and get the secret treasure. And whoever could bring it back to the troll that lived in the forest in king Jonah's kingdom would win. But the mermaids couldn't go all the way to the troll by themselves. They would first have to swim in the river that was by the troll bridge. And there was also a race of kitty cats for who's the fastest kitty cat in the world. And which kitty cat had the meowiest meow ever, while all of the kids were getting ready, and they were having pancakes and waffles and eggs and bacon and lucky charms and cheerios and rice krispies and also muffins and sausages for breakfast. Kids could have anything they wanted for breakfast on king Jonah's birthday. And all of the kids got whistles, and they got flags to wave because the race was about to start. The start of the race for king Jonah's birthday. The first race was the unicorn race. And as king Jonah was about to stand up and tell everyone, the race is going to begin, one, two, three, go. Just as king Jonah said that there were teenagers from a nearby kingdom that started floating in on their balloon houses, and all of the teenagers that were from the nearby kingdom started blasting confetti all over the soccer field where the unicorns were getting ready to race. And king Jonah looked up at the teenagers. And the teenagers were much bigger than kids. And unlike the kids in his kingdom who were all wearing pajamas, the teenagers that were blasting confetti that was falling all over the soccer field where the unicorns were getting ready to race, well, those teenagers were wearing superhero outfits. And one of the teenagers was dressed up as batman, and another was dressed up as superman. And there was a spider man, there was a wonder woman. There were various teenagers, and king jonah could see that their costumes seemed to work a little bit because one of them, the spider man costume one, really seemed to be able to make confetti spider webs, and he would blast out confetti, but it would kind of be sticky. And king Jonah was worried that people in his kingdom might get caught in it. So king Jonah went to babalu, the general of his army, the king Teddy bear that protected his kingdom. And king Jonah said to babalu, look, all of the teenagers came, and it's hard for us to start the race. And babalu looked up at the big teenagers in their superhero costumes, and Babaloo looked back at Jonah, and babalu said to king Jonah, king Jonah, I don't think that we're going to be able to start the unicorn race right now. First, we should try to figure out what to do with the teenagers in superhero costumes that are kind of making a little bit of a mess. And king Jonah said that he had an idea because the teenagers were big and because they were wearing superhero costumes, king Jonah told Babaloo that he should try to be nice to the teenagers and tell them to go. So babalu, the head Teddy bear of all of king Jonah's army, started to take a pogo stick, which is something that kids could jump on. And he used a pogo stick to jump all the way up in the air to get level to one of the teenagers in superhero costumes, balloons. And he jumped right up to spiderman and bob blue asked Spiderman the teenager, why are you here? And Spiderman the teenager said they came with gifts to bring King Jonah and that they were really trying to be nice. So Babalu jumped back down and told King Jonah that they were really here to celebrate. And King Jonah said, well, why did they throw the confetti down and stop the race? And Babalu went back up to the teenage superhero costume people, and Babalu asked them, why did you stop the race? And the Spiderman teenager said he didn't mean to stop the race. He just knows that if you drop confetti before a big race, that could make unicorns go faster. And he wanted King Jonah to have a new world record for the fastest unicorn to go around the earth on his birthday. So king Jonah told the teenagers it was okay, and he told Babaloo to get some KitKats from the candy factory to give the teenagers. And the teenagers told King Jonah that they wanted to be his friends too and to be allies with his kingdom. And the teenagers moved their balloon houses out of the way. And suddenly the unicorns took off around the world for the fastest race on King Jonah's birthday. And King Jonah and the unicorns and all of the kids that lived in his kingdom and also the teenagers lived happily ever after. The end.