Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived in a house in Wanaka, New Zealand, and they used to sleep on a bunk bed. Outside of their house, there was a lake. In that lake, there was a really big octopus. The octopus that lived in that lake used to always hide, so it was hard for people to find him. The reason the octopus would hide so much is because the octopus did not want anyone to catch him.

One day, Jonah and Jesse went on a boat with their dad, Steve, their mom, Amanda, and a captain of the boat. While they were on the boat, they were fishing, and they caught a fish on a fishing rod. Jonah was reeling the fish in, and just as he reeled the fish in, the octopus jumped out of the water and went onto the boat. The octopus was wearing a pirate's hat and had a patch over one of its little octopus eyes. The octopus had a tool with it – a drill. The octopus drilled a hole into the boat. Suddenly, some water started to go up from the lake into the boat, and the boat started to sink. The octopus started to laugh and then escaped the boat.

Now, Jonah and Jesse, Steve, Amanda, and the ship's captain were in trouble because the boat was starting to sink. There was so much water going on the boat. Jesse said that he had an idea, and he put his finger in the hole so that the water wouldn't keep going on the boat, and that stopped new water from going in. Then, Jonah said he had an idea, and he used some buckets to try to pour the water out of the boat, and they were starting to save the day. Jonah found a plug to stick in the hole, so Jesse could take his finger out. Just as they started to save the day, the octopus came back with his drill and drilled ten more holes.

Now, it was a big problem because Jesse did have ten fingers, but the holes were all in different places, and there weren't ten things to plug up. The idea was that mom, dad, Jesse, and Jonah all plugged the holes, and then they squirreled more things. They squirreled the whole entire boat because drills can't go through metal. So, Jesse told his parents and everyone else to come help put their hands in the holes and said that the holes couldn't go all the way through the metal of the boat because some drills can't go through metal. It looked like they were going to be saved.

But then, the octopus jumped out of the water again and brought big hammers. It started smashing up the boat with the hammers. Finally, the captain said, "Ah, Beluda." That meant that everyone should put on their life jackets. Jesse got his life jacket on, and Jonah did, and Steve and Amanda and the captain of the boat, and they all went in the emergency lifeboat. As they went in the emergency lifeboat, they watched as the boat they were in before sunk under the water. They could see the octopus from far away, laughing, with his pirate hat and a patch over his eye.

The octopus was actually a pirate anyway. Jesse told everyone that the octopus was a pirate. They started to paddle away in their emergency lifeboat to go closer to shore. As they got closer and closer to shore, they saw that there were some big waves that were pushing them away from Wanaka. Instead, they were going to a little island. Their lifeboat didn't have an engine, and they couldn't paddle using anything, not even their oars, to go fast enough to get back to the town. So the only place they could go was the little island.

Finally, when they got to the island, they discovered a new place where nobody lived before. On the island, there was a lake. The lake inside the island had purple water with bubbles in it. There was a mermaid next to the lake. The mermaid had some shampoo and was in the middle of washing her hair with the shampoo. She told Jonah and Jesse that if they wanted, they could go in that purple lake that had the bubbles. But Jesse didn't know because the mermaid seemed like maybe it wasn't a nice mermaid, maybe it was tricking. Maybe she was friends with the octopus that was the pirate. So Jesse really didn't know if he should go in that purple lake, even though it had those cool bubbles.

Jonah said, "Yoga Bula," because he read in a book a long time ago that Yoga Bula was a special code word. You could ask somebody, and if they were a pirate and you said Yoga Bula, then they would have to admit that they were a pirate because it was a word that pirates in the olden days used to tell each other. So Jonah said Yoga Bula to the mermaid, and the mermaid started to laugh, and she turned around, and then she became invisible and disappeared. Jonah didn't know what to think because she didn't say she was a pirate, but it seemed like she knew about that code word.

Just as she disappeared, Jonah could feel that his legs were starting to stick together. It was like glue was between his legs, and they were starting to stick together, and he was becoming a merman, like a mermaid that's a man. Jesse could feel the same thing, like there was glue in his legs, and they were starting to turn into the bottom of a fish, just like a merman. Steve, Amanda, and the captain of the boat also felt like that. Suddenly, their hair started to itch. Jonah was like, "My hair is so itchy. I need shampoo." That's when he realized that maybe the reason the mermaid had shampoo in her hair was that her hair was itchy also. Maybe she used to be a regular person just like he used to be a regular person. Maybe she was on a boat just like Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda were on a boat. Maybe she got stuck on the island a long time ago also because of that same octopus.

Just when Jonah realized that, he told that idea to Jesse, and Jesse said that they should go now to look for the mermaid. They started to swim through the purple bubbly water until they got to the other side. When they got to the other side, Jonah said, "Yoga Bula." Just as he said that, he heard an echo. The trees on the island started to shake their leaves, and the purple water that was bubbling started to evaporate into a big purple cloud. Suddenly, the trees that were shaking started to get smaller and smaller until they turned into pieces of grass.

Then Jonah felt like he disappeared, and Jesse felt like he disappeared. Jonah and Jesse, Steve and Amanda, and the captain of the ship all disappeared. After they disappeared, they could feel like they were turning into octopuses. Jesse, Jonah, Steve, Amanda, and the captain of the ship said, "Oh, no, we're turning into the pirate kind of octopus." That's when Jesse realized the only thing they could do to stop themselves from turning into the octopus was to get extra shampoo. They got a little bit more of that shampoo while they were still invisible, and they put it in their hair. Finally, they turned back into regular people, and the trees grew back from the pieces of grass.

They knocked down some of the trees and spent the next two weeks building a boat out of the trees. They carefully used the boat they built to row back into the city of Wanaka and tell everybody the story of the octopus. Jonah and Jesse, Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.