Yiddaya. Hi. My name is Madeline. Welcome to makeup stories, the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Okay, jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? A toenail that can make a whole, entire like, this thing. A whole, entire toe? Yeah, it's a toenail that can make a whole, entire toe. Okay. Jesse wants the story to be about a toenail that could make a whole, entire toe. And, Jonah, what do you want the story to be about? Okay, and Jonah doesn't really know. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse lived in a house in wanuka, New Zealand, and they used to sleep on a bunk bed, and outside of their house, there was a lake. And in that lake, there was a really big octopus. And the octopus that lived in that lake used to always hide, so it was hard for people to find him. And the reason the octopus would hide so much is because the octopus did not want anyone to catch him. But one day, Jonah and Jesse went on a boat with their dad and their mom and a captain of the boat. And while they were on the boat, they were fishing, and they caught a fish on a fishing odd, and Jonah was reeling the fish in, and just as he reeled the fish in, the octopus jumped out of the water and went onto the boat. And the octopus was wearing, like, a pirate's hat, and it also had a patch over one of its little octopus eyes. And the octopus, it kind of like it had a tool with it. It was a drill. And the octopus drilled a hole into the boat. And so suddenly, some water started to go up from the lake into the boat, and the boat started to sink. And then the octopus started to laugh, and then it escaped the boat. Now, Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda and the ship's captain were in trouble because the boat was starting to sink. There was so much water going on the boat, and Jesse said that he had an idea, and he put his finger in the hole so that the water wouldn't keep going on the boat, and that stopped new water from going in. And then Jonas said he had an idea, and he used some buckets to try to pour the water out of the boat, and they were starting to save the day. Then Jonah found a plug to stick in the hole, and then Jonah found a little, like, plug to stick in the hole to clog it up so Jesse could take his finger out. And just as they started to save the day, the octopus came back with his drill, and he drilled ten more holes. Now, it was a big problem because Jesse did have ten fingers, but the holes were all in different places, and there weren't ten things to plug up. The idea was mom and dad and Jesse and Jonah, they all plugged the holes, and then they squirreled more things. They squirreled the whole entire boat because drills can't go through metal. So the whole bait boat, they made the whole entire boat out of metal? Yes. And so Jesse told his parents and everyone else to come help put their hands in the holes and said that the holes couldn't go all the way through the metal of the boat because drills, some drills can't go through metal. And so it looks like they were going to be saved. But then the octopus jumped out of the water again, and he brought, like, big hammers, and he started smashing up the boat with the hammers. And then finally the captain said, ah BeludA. And that meant that everyone should put on their life jackets. So Jesse got his life jacket on, and Jonah did, and Steve and Amanda and the captain of the boat, and they all went in the emergency lifeboat. And as they went in the emergency lifeboat, they watched as the boat that they were in before sunk under the water. And they could see the octopus from far away, laughing, with his pirate hat and a patch over his eye. The octopus actually was a pirate anyway. And Jesse told everyone that the octopus was a pirate. And they started to paddle away in their emergency lifeboat to go closer to shore. And as they got closer and closer to shore, they saw that there was some big waves that were pushing them away from Wanika. And instead, they were going to a little island. And their lifeboat didn't have an engine, and they couldn't paddle using anything, not even their oars, to go fast enough to get back to the town. So the only place they could go was the little island. Finally, when they got to the island, they saw that they discovered a new place where nobody lived before. And in the island, there was a lake. And the lake inside the island had purple water that had bubbles in it. And there was a mermaid that was next to the lake. And the mermaid had some shampoo, and the mermaid was in middle of washing her hair with the shampoo, and she told Jonah and Jesse that if they wanted, they could go in that purple lake that had the bubbles. But Jesse didn't know because the mermaid seemed like maybe it wasn't a nice mermaid, maybe it was tricking. Maybe she was friends with the octopus that was the pirate. And so Jesse really didn't know if he should go in that purple lake, even though it had those cool bubbles. And Jonah said yoga bula, because he heard, he read in a book a long time ago that yoga bulla was a special code word. You could ask somebody, and if they were a pirate and you said yoga bulla, then they would have to admit that they were a pirate because it was a word that pirates in the olden days used to tell each other. So jonah said yoga bulla to the mermaid, and the mermaid started to laugh, and she turned around, and then she became invisible, and she disappeared. Jonah didn't know what to think because she didn't say she was a pirate, but it seemed like she knew about that code word. And just as she disappeared, jonah could feel that his legs were starting to stick together. It was like glue was between his legs, and they were starting to stick together, and he was becoming a merman, like a mermaid, that's a man. And jesse could feel the same thing, like there was glue in his legs, and they were starting to turn into, like the bottom of a fish, just like a merman. And steve and amanda and the captain of the boat also felt like that. And suddenly their hair started to itch. And jonah was like, my hair is so itchy. I need shampoo. And that's when he realized that maybe the reason the mermaid had shampoo in her hair was that her hair was itchy also. And maybe she used to be a regular person just like he used to be a regular person. And maybe she was on a boat just like jonah and jesse and steve and amanda were on a boat. And maybe she got stuck on the island a long time ago also because of that same octopus. And just when jonah realized that, he told that idea to jesse, and jesse said that they should go now to look for the mermaid. So they started to swim through the purple bubbly water until they got to the other side. And when they got to the other side, jonah said, yoga bulla. And just as he said that, he heard an echo. And the trees on the island started to shake their leaves, and the purple water that was bubbling started to evaporate into a big purple cloud. And suddenly the trees that were shaking started to get smaller and smaller until they turned into, like, pieces of grass. And then jonah felt like he disappeared, and jesse felt like he disappeared. And jonah and jesse and steve and amanda and the captain of the ship all disappeared. After they disappeared, they could feel like they were turning into octopuses, and jesse and jonah and steve and amanda and the captain of the ship said, oh, no, we're turning into the pirate kind of octopus. And that's when jesse realized the only thing they could do to stop themselves from turning into the octopus was to get extra shampoo. And so they got a little bit more of that shampoo while they were still invisible, and they put it in their hair, and finally they turned back into regular people, and the trees grew back from the pieces of grass, and they knocked down some of the trees. And they spent the next two weeks building a boat out of the trees. And they carefully used the boat that they built to row back into the city of Wanica and tell everybody the story of the octopus and Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end. We need a NATO. Thanks for letting me tell the makeup toys. My name is Evan. Makeuptoy.com turn the class. Tell your friend you.