Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Lucy. Lucy's mama told her many times that she needed to take a bath in the bathtub. Lucy had long hair, and her mom said that because her hair gets dirty, she needs to use shampoo. But Lucy didn't like it when her mom used shampoo because sometimes it got in her eyes and it hurt. Lucy would even cry when that happened because shampoo in the eyes doesn't feel nice.

Lucy's mama told her that she could have a special rubber ducky in the bath with her, named Reba. Lucy told her mom that she would talk to Reba, and her mom couldn't hear because Reba could only talk to five-year-olds, not grownups. Lucy asked Reba to make sure the shampoo didn't go in her eyes when her mom wasn't looking. Reba agreed.

The next day, Lucy took a bath and her mom put in some shampoo. Lucy told her mom to look away, and she did. Suddenly, Reba the rubber ducky came to the rescue and got all of the shampoo out of Lucy's hair. Lucy's mom looked back, and all of the shampoo was gone, and it didn't even hurt Lucy's eyes. Lucy's mama was amazed and asked how she did that. Lucy told her mama that Reba the rubber ducky helped.

The next morning, Lucy's mama said they should go on a vacation to a snowy place because Lucy wanted to try sledding. A sled is like a wagon, but it has no wheels and slides on ice and snow. So Lucy, her mom, and her dad went to a special place with a snowy hill. Snow is great for sledding, making snowmen, snowballs, and forts. Snow is lots of fun!

Lucy told her mom the snow smelled funny and didn't seem like regular snow. Her mom said it was a good thing they brought their kitty cats, Miles and Brody, because they had never seen snow before. Lucy agreed.

Lucy put on her jacket, mittens, and special snow boots. She went to the top of the hill with her sled and said the snow smelled like milk. Her mom assured her it was regular snow. Lucy slid down the hill, shouting, "Wee!" She had so much fun that she did it again, even bringing Reba, her rubber ducky, with her.

When they went home, Lucy tripped and fell in the snow, getting her face covered. She started to cry, but then realized the snow tasted different. She told her mom it tasted like ice cream. Her mom thought Lucy was just being silly, but then the kitty cats, Brody and Miles, started licking the snow too. Lucy insisted it was ice cream snow, and her mom finally believed her.

Lucy made ice cream snowballs and threw them at her mom. She also built a snowman out of ice cream, using a cone instead of a carrot for the nose. Brody and Miles licked the snowman because they liked ice cream too, as it has tiny bits of milk, and kitty cats like milk.

After playing outside, Lucy's mom said she was dirty and needed a bath. Lucy brought Reba to the bath with her, and Reba came to life. Reba told Lucy about a secret map in her mom's drawer. After the bath, Lucy sneakily found the treasure map, which was for a cruise ship.

Lucy told her parents they needed to go on a cruise ship vacation. A cruise ship is a big ship with lots of passengers, places to sleep, and fun activities. They agreed and went on a cruise ship instead of driving home.

On the cruise ship, Lucy saw a big kids pool and told her mom to announce that her magic rubber ducky, Reba, said they should have a bubble pool. The captain of the ship poured bubble bath into the pool, and Lucy and her friends had lots of fun. Then they went home and lived happily ever after. The end.