Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Lucy. And Lucy's mama told her a lot of times that she needed to take a bath in the bathtub. And Lucy had long hair, and her mom told her that because her hair gets dirty, she needs to put some shampoo in the hair. Well, Lucy didn't really like it when her mom put shampoo in the hair because afterwards, sometimes her mom splashed water on her hair and then some of the shampoo got in her eyes and Lucy didn't like it. And sometimes she even had to cry when that happened because shampoo in the eyes does not feel very nice. 

Well, Lucy's mama told her that she could have a special rubber ducky in the bath with her, and the rubber ducky's name was Reba. And Lucy told her mom that she was going to have to talk to Reba and that her mom couldn't hear her because Reba could only talk to five-year-olds and grownups and adults couldn't understand what rubber duckies say. And Lucy said to, if my mom is ever going to put some shampoo in my hair and wash it off, then when my mom's not looking, you have to make sure the shampoo doesn't go in my eye. And Reba said okay. 

So the next day, Lucy was taking a bath and her mom put some shampoo in, and Lucy told her mom to look away. And her mama looked away. And suddenly as she did that, Reba the rubber ducky came to the rescue and got all of the shampoo off of Lucy's hair. And then Lucy said her mom could look and her mom looked, and all of the shampoo was gone, and it didn't even hurt Lucy's eyes. And Lucy's mama said what? How did you do that? And Lucy told her mama that Reba the rubber ducky came to help. 

Well, Lucy's mama said the next morning that they should go on a vacation in a place that is so snowy because Lucy had been wanting to try a sled. A sled is like a wagon, but it has no wheels, and it slips and slides on ice and snow. So Lucy and her mom and her dad went to a special place which had a hill. And on the hill there was snow. And snow is so good for sledding because you could slip on it and you could also make snowmans, and you could also make snowballs, and you can make forts. So snow is, generally speaking, quite a bit of fun. 

Well, Lucy told her mom it smelled funny. This didn't seem like regular snow. And her mom told her, well, it's a good thing that we brought our kitty cats, Miles. And do you remember the name of the other kitty cat? Brody. So Lucy's mom said, well, Miles and Brody have never seen any kind of snow before, so they're going to be very interested to see this kind of snow. And Lucy said yes. 

Well, Lucy got on her jacket, and her mom also put on some gloves on her called mittens. And she put on some special snow boots. And they got mittens. Yes. And they got ready to go in the snow. And Lucy went to the top of the hill in her sled, and she said, mom, I really don't think this is regular snow because it smells a little bit like milk. And her mom said, Well, I'm definitely sure it's regular snow. And Lucy said, okay. And she slid down the hill in the sled, and she said, Wee. And it went so fast, and the wind brushed against her face as she did it. And she said, that was so much fun. The next time she did it again. And she even brought Reba, her rubbish ducky with her on the sled. And they went together. 

Then they went home. After they got home, Lucy tripped and fell down in the snow, and her whole face went in the snow. First. Lucy started to cry, but then she realized that her tongue was in the snow. And she told her mom, mom, this doesn't taste like regular snow. It tastes like something else. And Lucy's mom told Lucy that it really is just regular snow. But then Lucy's kitty cat, Brody and Miles came up to Lucy to see if she was okay. And they started licking the snow also. And Lucy said, this smells like milky snow, and it tastes really yummy. And Lucy's mom said, I know you're just tricking because sometimes five-year-olds like to say silly, tricky things. And Lucy told her mom, mom, it tastes kind of like ice cream. 

And Lucy's mama looked down at the snow and she saw that it was white just like regular snow, but really it was ice cream. And in this whole place where they took the vacation, all of the snow was made of ice cream. And so Lucy decided to make some ice cream snowballs and to throw them at her mom. One of the ice cream snowballs went right in her mom's mouth, and her mama said, it tasted so yummy. And then Lucy decided to build a snowman made out of ice cream. And she put instead of a carrot for the snowman's nose, she put a cone, because that is silly. And she said, this is the silliest snowman ever. And first, Brody and Miles went up to the snowman and started to lick the snowman and say, this is so yummy, because kitty cats like ice cream also. And then her mom, they like ice cream because ice cream has tiny bits of milk. That's right. And kitty cats like milk. That's right. So that's why sometimes kitty cats will like to drink will like to lick ice cream. That's right. 

Well, as Lucy was building the snowman, her mom said that she got so dirty from playing so much outside and had so much yummy ice cream that it was time to take a bath. And Lucy went to the bath, and she brought Reba in the bath with her. And Reba turned alive. And her mom didn't know lucy's mom didn't know that Reba was really an alive ducky, but Reba knew that it was lucy knew that Reba was alive. And Reba began to talk, and she said, lucy, there's a secret, secret map in your mom's drawer, in the top drawer. And if you could reach it and open the drawer very quietly, right where your mom keeps your pajamas, then you'll find something secret. 

And after the bath was over, lucy's mom wrapped her up in a towel, and Lucy said, don't forget to dry RIBA the rubber ducky. So her mom dried ruba off also. And then they went to the top drawer, and Lucy told her mom to look the other way. And Lucy said, mom, look the other way. I'm not going to do something. And as her mom was looking the other way, lucy sneakily did something. She opened the drawer, and she found a treasure map. The treasure map was for a cruise ship. So she told her mom that they needed to go away from this vacation on a cruise ship. A cruise ship is a big kind of ship that has a lot of passengers, and there's places to sleep, and there's also places to have fun. And sometimes there could even be playgrounds. 

Well, yeah, cruise ships are really big. As big as two houses. That's right. Or maybe even as big as, like, 17 houses, let's say. Yeah, that's a lot of houses. Well, Lucy's sometimes even 20. Yes. Well, Lucy's lucy's parents said that instead of driving home, they would drive to the ocean and they would take a cruise ship a different way home on the ocean. And Lucy said, okay. So they drove away from the ice cream snow onto a cruise ship, and when they got on the cruise ship. Lucy saw that there was a big kids pool, and Lucy told everyone. Lucy told her mom to tell everyone on the ship. Important everyone. I have a special announcement to make about the kids pool on this ship. The announcement is that my daughter Lucy has a special magic rubber ducky named Reba. And Reba, the rubber ducky told Lucy that instead of having a regular inflatable kids pool, we should have one full of bubbles. And instead of having a bubble bath, we're going to have a bubble pool. 

And the captain of the ship then poured so much bubble bath into the inflatable pool. And Lucy and all of her friends on the cruise ship had so much fun. And then they went home and lived happily ever after. The end.