Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Hope. Hope was going on a bicycle ride with her parents through a trail in the woods. The trail was flat, so it was easy for Hope to bike on it. As they rode, Hope noticed a tiny blue fly, about the size of a ladybug. This blue fly was special because it flew like a helicopter! Hope had never seen a blue fly like that before, so she told her mom and dad that they should follow it through the forest.

It was easy to follow the blue fly because it went under a sign with a rainbow on it, between two very old trees with purple fur. So, Hope and her parents parked their bikes and followed the blue helicopter fly between the two old trees, all the way into a magical forest. This magical forest was special because when you stepped on the leaves on the ground, they turned into gold, diamonds, and jewels. If you ran fast and stepped on lots of leaves, you could make many treasures appear.

But the forest wasn't special only because of the magical leaves. It was also special because all the animals that lived there could talk just like people! Hope later learned that a witch had visited the magical forest long ago and placed her hat on the ground. When she did this, it made the leaves turn into treasures and gave all the animals the ability to talk like people.

As Hope and her parents followed the blue helicopter fly, it landed on top of a secret cave. The cave looked magical because there was a big water fountain in front of it. When you pressed the button on the fountain, instead of water shooting up, rainbows came out! If you drank the rainbow, you would get magic powers and become part fairy, part person. So, Hope and her parents all decided to drink from the magic fountain in front of the cave where the blue helicopter fly landed. They all felt the rainbows go inside them and saw clouds made of cotton candy approaching.

Monkeys jumped out of the trees and, instead of making monkey noises, they told Hope and her parents that they would need umbrellas because it was about to rain sugar. The monkeys gave them big umbrellas made of giant leaves and sticks. Soon, Hope looked up and saw the cotton candy clouds making honking noises instead of thunder. As the clouds crashed together, sugar started raining down all over the magical forest. But Hope and her parents were okay because they had the leaf umbrellas the monkeys had given them.

Hope asked one of the monkeys if it knew how to get into the cave and if it knew about the blue helicopter fly. The monkey told Hope that the blue helicopter fly was a very good fly and was actually the king of the whole forest. Hope asked if a lion should be the king instead, and that's when the monkey told her that the helicopter fly could change shapes. If it wanted to become a lion, it could just think about a lion. The blue helicopter fly then thought about becoming a girl and transformed into a princess!

Hope looked at the princess, who wore a blue dress, blue slippers, and a blue headband. She knew it was the blue helicopter fly because the princess's eyes were also blue. Hope said hello, and the princess, wearing her blue outfit and blue socks, told Hope she was so happy that she came to visit the Magic Forest. Hope asked the blue princess if they could go to the Magic Cave, and the princess agreed. She then did a special princess dance in front of the cave and told Hope and her parents to do silly dances too. When they all danced, along with the monkeys from the forest, the cave doors opened up.

Inside the cave, they saw a giant doughnut turning around and growing bigger each time it turned. The princess said they had to close the cave doors to keep the Donut Cave a secret. Hope agreed, and later, she left the Magic Forest with her parents. They all lived happily ever after. The end.