Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Hope. Hope was going with her parents on a bicycle ride, and they were going on a bicycle ride through a trail in the woods. The trail was flat, and so it was easy for Hope to bike on the trail. And as they were going for the bike ride, Hope noticed that there was a kind of blue fly, and the fly was really little. The fly was so little, it was about the size of a ladybug. And the blue fly was really kind of special, because instead of flying like a regular fly, it flew like a helicopter. And Hope had never seen a blue fly that flies like a helicopter, so she told her mom and dad that they should follow the blue fly that flew like a helicopter and was about as big as a ladybug through the forest.

Well, it was pretty easy to follow, because the blue fly just went under a sign that had a rainbow on it, and the sign that had the rainbow on it was between two really old trees that had purple fur on them. And so Hope and her parents parked their bikes, and they followed the blue helicopter fly between the two old trees that had fur on them all the way into a magical forest. The magical forest was really special because all of the leaves that were on the ground on the forest floor, when you stepped on them, they would turn into gold and diamonds and jewels. And if you ran fast and you stepped on a lot of the leaves that were on the ground in the forest, then you could make so many treasures appear.

But the forest wasn't special only because of the leaves that turned into jewels. It was also special because all of the animals that lived in the forest were able to talk, and they didn't talk like the cows didn't go, Meow, meow. The cows didn't go, moo moo, and the dogs didn't go woof woof. They were all able to talk just like people. And the reason was Hope later learned that there was a witch in the olden days that came to the magical forest, and she put her witch's hat down on the ground. And when her witch's hat went down on the ground, it made all of the leaves turn into treasures. And it gave all of the animals in the forest the ability to talk like people.

Well, when Hope and her parents were following the blue helicopter fly, it landed right on top of a secret cave. And the secret cave where the blue helicopter fly landed on looked really magical because right in front of it, there was a big water fountain. And if you pressed the button on the water fountain, instead of making water go up through the air, what it really did is it made rainbows come out, and you could kind of drink the rainbow. And if you started to drink the rainbow that came out of the water fountain, then you would get magic powers, and you would also have you'd be, like, kind of part fairy and part person. And so Hope and her parents all decided to drink from the magic fountain that was in front of the cave where the blue helicopter fly landed. And they all got the rainbows to go inside of them, and they saw that there were a lot of clouds coming, and the clouds were made of cotton candy.

And so there were monkeys that jumped out of the trees, and the monkeys, instead of saying, ah OOH OOH, the monkeys told them that they were going to need umbrellas because it was about to rain some sugar. And the monkeys gave Hope and her parents big umbrellas that were made of giant leaves and sticks. And soon, Hope looked up, and there was a kind of honking noise from the clouds in this magical forest. When the clouds crashed together, they honked instead of making thunder, and the clouds were made of cotton candy. And just as it made the honking sound, when the clouds crashed together, the sugar started shaking out of the cotton candy clouds and raining down all over the magical forest. But Hope and her parents were okay because they were carrying the leaf umbrellas that the monkeys had given them. And the monkeys were so nice.

So Hope asked one of the monkeys if the monkey knew how to get into the cave and if the monkey also knew about the blue helicopter fly. And the monkey told Hope that the blue helicopter fly was secretly a really, really good fly and that fly was the king of the whole forest. And Hope said, but isn't a lion king or something like that? And that's when the monkey told Hope that that kind of helicopter fly is able to change shapes, and if it wants to become a lion, it can become a lion by thinking about a lion. And the blue helicopter fly started thinking about becoming a girl, and the blue helicopter fly turned into a princess.

And so Hope looked at the princess that was wearing a blue dress and blue slippers and a blue headband. And she knew that it had to be the blue helicopter fly because the princess's eyes were also blue. And Hope said hello. And the princess, who had the blue eyes and blue headband and the blue bracelet and blue dress and blue slippers and also some blue socks, told Hope that she was so happy that Hope came to visit the Magic Forest. And Hope asked the blue princess that used to be the blue fly with the helicopter flying way. She asked the princess, can we go to the Magic Cave? And the princess said, okay. And she looked at the Magic Cave, and then she started to do a special princess dance in front of it. And she told Hope, hope, you also have to do a silly dance. And so Hope started to do a silly dance, and then she told Hope's parents, you have to do silly dances. And so Hope's parents did a silly dance. And then the blue princess that used to be the helicopter fly told all of the monkeys in the forest that they had to dance. And when all of the monkeys in the forest and Hope and her parents were dancing, the cave doors opened up.

And inside the cave doors, you could see a giant doughnut. And the doughnut was turning around, and each time it turned around, it got a little bit bigger. And then the princess said she had to close the doors to the cave because they had to keep the Donut Cave a secret. And Hope said that she would do that. And later, she left the Magic Forest with her parents and she lived happily ever after. The end.