Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Margot and Luis. Margot and Luis's mama loved to learn all about forests, so they asked their mom if they could go on an adventure with her into a magic forest. Margot and Luis's mom said, "Well, I'm not sure magic forests really exist." Then Margot said she had a great idea - they would bring magic wands on their trip. They stopped at a store and bought some magic wands. Margo and Luis's mom turned around a corner and passed some bushes until they saw a river. On the other side of the river, there was a troll bridge. To get across the river, they crossed the troll bridge and went trip trap, trip, trap. On the other side of the river, they saw the magic forest.

The Magic Forest was home to the most butterflies in the whole world. In a regular forest, you might walk around and see some birds or rabbits hopping on the ground. You might even, if you're lucky, sometimes see a bear or two butterflies, and you could bring a butterfly net. But in this forest, it was home to 100 butterflies. Many kids liked to try to find the magic forests and bring butterfly nets with them to try to catch butterflies. Margot and Luis were the only kids who knew the directions for how to get there.

When they got into the butterfly forest, they saw a queen wearing a crown with jewels in it, and she was riding a unicorn. The Queen went up to Margot, Luis, and their mom, and she said, "Thank you for entering this magic butterfly forest. As a gift to you, I want you to wave your magic wand and choose a hand." Margot and Luis waved their magic wands. The Queen put out both of her hands, and Margot chose the right hand, while Luis chose the left hand. The queen opened up her hands, and they found some glow-in-the-dark seeds.

The Queen said to them, "You can have these magic glow-in-the-dark seeds and plant them in the forest, and they will grow very fast, and something special will happen." Then there was a rizzle dazzle wazzle, and some twinkly stuff came, and glitter started falling off the leaves in the forest. The queen disappeared and vanished into thin air, and her unicorn galloped away.

Margot and Luis asked their mom if their magic wand really made that queen appear. Their mom said, "I don't know, but let's look at those glow-in-the-dark seeds." She looked at the seeds and said, "It's hard to see what's inside them because they're so tiny." Then she saw some magnifying glasses on the ground. They picked up the magnifying glasses and looked closely at the seeds, which were shaped like dolphins.

Margot and Luis's mama suggested they try to plant the seeds in a little lake if they found one in the magic forest. They walked around and found a lake with a big frog, as big as a horse. The frog spoke English and said it was a magical frog that lived in the magic forest. The frog told them to throw the seeds into the lake and watch what happens.

Margot and Luis listened to the frog and threw the glow-in-the-dark dolphin-shaped seeds into the lake. The lake filled with bubbles, and a flower started to grow. The flower grew quickly, and glitter fell from the sky, making it grow even bigger until it was taller than a tree. All the butterflies went onto the flower, and they started to sing a song.

The flower kept growing until it reached outer space, and a straw came out of the flower. The straw was so big that it was taller than a skyscraper and was rainbow-colored. The unicorn that had carried the queen started sliding down the straw, and Margot and Luis's mom said it was getting late, so they should go home and come back to the magic forest another day.

As they were going home, pajamas appeared on their bodies, and beds appeared on the road. That night, Margot and Luis went to sleep and told their mom they had to go on a forest adventure again. Margot and Luis lived happily ever after. The end.