Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime rumpus, a unicorn and a rainbow, a dolphin and a flower. And where I come from is Virginia, and my name is Margo, and I'm four years old. And I'm Louise. My name is Louise. I'm Margot's sister, and I want to add a butterfly and a queen. And how old are you, Louise? And I'm six years old. Tonight's makeup story is a request from two kids named Margot and Luis. Margot is four years old, and Luis is six years old, and they live in Virginia. Margot and Luis asked for us to make up a story that includes a unicorn, a rainbow, a dolphin, a flower, a butterfly, and a queen. Usually, we ask kids to ask for just three things in the story, but today is an exception. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Margot and Luis. Margot and Luis's mama loved to study all about forests, and so they asked their mom if they could go on an adventure with her into a magic forest. And Margot and Luis's mom said, well, I'm not sure magic forests really exists. And then Margot said that she had a good idea, which was they would bring magic wands on their trip. And so they stopped at a store and bought some magic wands. And then Margo and Luis's mom turned around a corner and passed some bushes until they saw a river. And on the other side of the river, well, there was a troll bridge. To get across the river, they crossed the troll bridge and went trip trap, trip, trap. And on the other side of the river, they saw the magic forest. The Magic Forest was home to the most butterflies of anywhere in the world. So in a regular forest, you might walk around and you could see some birds. You might see rabbits in a regular forest jumping or hopping on the ground. You might even, if you're lucky, sometimes see a bear in a regular forest or two butterflies, and you could bring a butterfly net. But in this forest, it was home to 100 butterflies. So many kids like to try to find the magic forests and bring butterfly nets with them to try to catch butterflies. But they were the only kids who knew the directions for how to get there. When they got into the butterfly forest, they saw that there was a queen wearing a crown that had some jewels in it and was shiny, and the Queen had a long dress, and she was riding a unicorn. And the Queen went right up to Margot, Luis, and their mom, and she said, thank you for entering this magic butterfly forest. As a gift to you, I want you to wave your magic wand and choose a hand. And so Margot waved her magic wand, and Luis waved his magic wand. And the Queen put out both of her hands, and Margot chose the right hand. And Luis chose the left hand. And the queen opened up her hands and they found some glow in the dark seeds. And the Queen said to them, you could have these magic glow in the dark seeds and plant them into the forest and they will grow very fast and something special will happen. And then there was a rizzle dazzle wazzle and some twinkly stuff came and there was glitter that started falling off of the leaves in the forest. And the queen disappeared and vanished into thin air and her unicorn galloped away. Well, Margot and Luis asked their mom if their magic wand really made that queen appear. And their mom said, I don't know, but let's look at those glow in the dark seeds. She looked at the glow in the dark seeds and she said, it's hard to see what's inside them because they're so little. And then she looked at the ground and she saw there were some magnifying glasses. So she said, let's pick up the magnifying glasses and look closely at the seeds so we see what's inside them. And so Luis picked up one magnifying glass and Margot picked up the other. And they started looking through the magnifying glasses at the glow in the dark seeds. And they saw that they were little bit like the shape of a dolphin. Now, there's no such thing as dolphin seeds. Everyone knows that because how could a seed grow like a whole dolphin? But these seeds were the shape of a dolphin, and they were glow in the dark. So Margot and Luis's mama said, how about we try to plant them in a little lake if we find one in this magic forest? And so they said, that's a good idea. And they started walking around, and they were wearing boots, and their boots got a little bit muddy. And that was a clue that there was going to be a lake somewhere there because it was wet. And finally Margot shouted, a lake. A lake. I found one. And they found a lake that had such a big frog. The frog was as big as a horse. And the frog said and Margot and Luis were regular kid size. And the frog started talking English. And the frog said that I am a magical frog and really I live in this magic forest. And the frog said, if you have any seed, throw it into the lake and watch what happens. And Margot whispered in her mom's ear, should we listen to the frog? And Luis said to Margot, margot, I think we should do it to see what happens, but we should be careful. And their mom said, okay because they didn't know what would happen. So they wanted to be careful. So they said, One, two, three and they at the same time threw the glow in the dark dolphin shaped seeds into the lake. And just as they threw it into the lake, it made a splash, but the splash that came up had so many bubbles and the whole lake started to fill with bubbles. And it looks like a lake that was like full of bubble bath or something. And the frog went under the water and out of the bubbles a flower started to grow. And the flower was so fast at growing. It was just like 1 second there were just like bubbles in the lake, like a bubble bath lake. And then the next second they could see some petals from a flower and some pretty stuff growing. And the flower kept growing until it was as big as the frog, which was itself as big as a horse. And then they started to see that more glitter came down from the sky and it landed on the flower. And the glitter was like flower food. And the flower got bigger until it was the size of a tree. And then it got even bigger and more glitter went on it and it got bigger until it was taller than a tree. And suddenly they heard some wings flapping quietly and they saw all the butterflies were going onto the flower. And the butterflies were starting to sing a song. It was hard to understand what the song that the butterflies were singing was, but it went, yeah, but it sounded a little bit like that like palette. And the flower kept growing and growing and the frog that was so big tried to jump, because frogs are very good at jumping to the top of the flower, but it couldn't even jump that high. And the flower grew and it grew until it grew all the way to outer space. And when it got to the top of space, a straw came out of the flower. And the straw was such a long straw. It wasn't like a little straw like you could put in a cup or an apple juice to sip out some apple juice or some water or some milk. This was a really big straw. It was bigger than a hose. It was even bigger than the kind of hose that firemen use on fire trucks. It was so big that it was taller than a skyscraper. No. Yes. It was the biggest hose in the world and it was rainbow colored and it went all the way from space down to an ocean. And the unicorn that rode away that was carrying the queen started going on the hose and he thought it was a slide. And the unicorn slid down the hose and said, wee. And then Margot and Luis's mom said, guys, I think it's getting late because the sun was starting to set. How about we go home today and come back to the magic forest a different day and check in on the magic flower? And Margot yawned and Louise Saucer said, I am getting tired. And just as they said that, pajamas appeared. And the pajamas went on their body all by themselves. And Margo and Luis's mom took them home in the car. And they were going home, some beds appeared for them. Yeah. And as they were going home, they saw that the whole road turned into big beds. Instead of being like a regular highway, it was all made out of beds. And on the sides of the highway, they saw so many cribs. And later that night, Margot and Luis went to sleep and they told their mom they had to go on a forest adventure again. And Margot and Luis lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.