Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jonah. One day at school, he saw that one of his friends had a special kind of candy called Silly Gum. Jonah's friend said, "Just eat the Silly Gum, nothing's going to happen." So Jonah ate the silly gum. As soon as he started chewing it, he couldn't stop laughing. He really wanted to say something, but all he could do was laugh.

Jonah didn't know how to stop laughing, so he wrote on a piece of paper, "help me stop laughing," and showed it to his teacher while laughing. But the teacher thought it was just a joke because Jonah was laughing as he showed her the paper. She said, "It's not time for jokes, Jonah. Go sit down at your desk." Jonah couldn't even say okay, so he just nodded yes and giggled his way to his desk.

When the teacher said class was going to start, Jonah thought it was so funny that he giggled and giggled. Soon, all of his friends were looking at him. Jonah had to run out of the classroom, and one of the kids in his class said that he was going to poop. Everyone else in the class started to laugh too. Jonah, who normally might not like if somebody said something like that, thought it was so funny and laughed all the way to the hallway.

In the hallway, Jonah realized that his laugh had something special about it. If somebody heard him laugh, they would start to laugh too. As he ran through the hallway, all the kids who saw him laugh started to laugh as well. Jonah went home, laughing all the way. When he got home, he told his dad between laughs what was going on. His dad said, "Jonah, you have to stop laughing." Jonah said he didn't know how.

Jonah's dad suggested they tape his mouth shut so he could breathe through his nose but not laugh. They couldn't find any tape, so they used bandaids to cover Jonah's mouth. It kind of worked, but you could still hear him laughing with his mouth closed. Jonah then wrote a message to his dad about the silly gum. But by that time, it was too late. His dad was laughing too, because the laugh was contagious.

Jonah's dad, Steve, told Jonah that the way to stop laughing was to bite a little piece of hair from their own head or ask a grown-up for a piece of hair. Jonah cut off a piece of Steve's hair and put it in his mouth. The laughs stopped right away, but suddenly Jonah grew hair all over his face. Steve thought it was so funny that he laughed even more. Jonah looked in a mirror and saw that he had hair all over his face. He told his dad that this wasn't a good solution.

Steve decided to try the hair trick too. He cut off a piece of his own hair and bit it. He also got hair all over his face. Jonah and Steve looked in the mirror and thought their faces had way too much hair on them. They didn't know what to do.

Jonah remembered the silly gum that started all the problems. He told his dad they should go back to his school to see if they had any more silly gum. Maybe it would reverse the effects and they wouldn't laugh or have hair all over their faces. So they went to the school, but there were two problems. They looked silly with hair all over their faces, and everyone at the school was still laughing from the contagious laughter.

Jonah asked his friend for more silly gum. His friend thought it was funny and gave it to Jonah. Jonah rubbed the silly gum all over his face like an eraser, and it made all the hair go away. But he accidentally rubbed it on his eyebrows and eyelashes too, so he had no hair on his face at all. Steve did the same thing.

Now they didn't have the sillies, but everyone else in the school still did. Jonah had the idea to put a little piece of gum in a sprinkler and turn on the hose so that tiny pieces of the gum would sprinkle all over. The kids in the school would breathe in some of the silly gum air and stop laughing.

Jonah put a little piece of the silly gum in the sprinkler, connected the hose, and turned it on. It sprinkled tiny parts of the silly gum, and as all the kids breathed it in, they stopped laughing. Steve and Jonah lived happily ever after, but they never grew their eyebrows back. The end.