Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jonah. And Jonah, when he got to school, he saw that one of his friends had a special kind of candy called Silly Gum. And Jonah's friend said, "Just eat the Silly Gum, nothing's going to happen." And Jonah ate the silly gum. And once he started chewing on it, he couldn't stop laughing. And he really wanted to say something, but all he could do was laugh. And so he didn't know how to stop laughing. So he had to write down on a piece of paper, "help me stop laughing." And he showed the paper while he was laughing to his teacher. But the teacher saw the piece of paper that said, "help me stop laughing," and thought that it was just a joke, because Jonah was laughing as he showed her that piece of paper. And she said, "It's not time for jokes, Jonah. Go sit down in your desk by your desk." And Jonah couldn't even say okay. So he just nodded yes, and he giggled his way all the way to his desk. And then the teacher said that class was going to start, and Jonah thought that was so funny that he giggled and giggled and giggled. Soon, all of his friends were looking at him. And so Jonah had to run out of the classroom, and one of the kids in his class said that he was going to poop. And everyone else in the class started to laugh too. But Jonah, normally he might not like if somebody said something like that, but he thought it was so funny, and he laughed all the way to the hallway. When he got to the hallway, he realized that his laugh had something special about it. If somebody heard him laugh, then they were going to have to start to laugh too. And so as he ran through the hallway, all of the kids that saw him laugh, they thought it was so funny, and they started to laugh too. And Jonah went home. He walked all the way from his school on the side of the road in the sidewalk, all the way to his house, laughing all the way. When he got home, he told his dad between some laughs what was going on. And his dad said, "Jonah, you have to stop laughing." And Jonah said he didn't know how. "Why not, Jonah not breathe like 10 seconds." So Jonah's dad said, "How about we like tape your mouth shut and then you could breathe through your nose? But this way you can't laugh." So Jonah said okay. And they looked around for tape, but they couldn't find any. So they used some bandaids to put the bandaid, like, on the top lip and on the bottom lip to stop Jonah from laughing. And it kind of sort of worked, but you could hear him laughing with his mouth closed, like and so they were still having the problem. And then Jonah decided he would write down to his dad a message about the silly gum. And he wrote down a letter saying that it was because his friend gave him some silly gum. But by that time, it was too late. Steve was laughing too, because the laugh was kind of like contagious. And when Jonah wrote to Steve about the silly gum, Steve just thought it was so funny and didn't even believe Jonah. And Steve told Jonah, "Hey, the way to stop laughing, if you are laughing so, so much, is to bite a little piece of hair from you could either take it from your own head or you could ask a grown up for a piece of hair from their head. And if you just bite that, it'll stop the giggles." And Steve said that he read that in an encyclopedia that his dad had lying around. And Jonah said, "Okay." And so he cut off a piece of Steve's hair using some scissors, and he put the piece of hair in his mouth. And once he did that, the laughs stopped right away. And suddenly Jonah grew hair all over his face. Like, his forehead was covered in hair. His cheeks were covered in hair. His chin had hair on it. He had like a beard, but not just in the normal places. The beard was also, like on the nose and stuff like that. And Steve, he didn't yet do the hair trick to stop laughing. And so he thought it was so funny to see Jonah with hair all over that he was laughing so much. And Jonah looked in a mirror, and now nothing was funny because the hair stopped the sillies, but he had hair all over his face. And so he told his dad that this wasn't a good solution. And so Steve decided to have a piece of hair too. And he cut off one of his pieces of hair and he bit it. And for Steve, he also got hair that went all over his face. And Jonah and Steve, they went to the bathroom and looked in the mirror, and they thought their faces had way too much hair on it. And now they didn't know what to do. Well, Jonah told Steve that there's a special kind of lamp, and the lamp is on a table they have in the garage. And the lamp has a kind of red light that you could feel. It's kind of like a soft light that feels like a little bit kind of silky. And he said that they should shine that red light on their faces to see if it does anything to the hair. And so Steve and Jonah went into the garage, and Jonah showed Steve where that lamp was, and they turned on the lamp, and it started to shine the red light all over their hairy faces with their hairy noses and the hair all over, and nothing happened. And Jonah told his dad that he was just tricking him the whole time, and how could a lamb do something like that? And then Steve started to laugh. And then Jonah said, "See? I did get you to laugh." And because Steve was laughing, that made Jonah laugh again. And so they were both laughing a little bit, which was better, but they didn't get the hair away. Finally, Jonah had another idea. The thing that started all of these problems was the silly gum that he got from a friend in school. So he told his dad that they should go back to his school to see if they had any of the silly gum. Maybe if they had more of the silly gum, it would reverse the effects, and maybe they wouldn't laugh and they wouldn't have the hair all over their face. So Steve and Jonah drove the car to get to their school. But when they got to the school, there were two problems. The first problem was they looked silly. They looked kind of like monkeys with hair all over their faces, Jonah and Steve. And the second problem is, nobody else that was in the school knew that trick yet. And so they were all still laughing from the contagious laughter from earlier. So everyone in the school was laughing. And the friend that gave Jonah the silly gum in the first place was also laughing. And Jonah asked that friend if he could have more silly gum. And the friend thought it was so funny, and he gave it to Jonah, and Jonah lifted it up, and he started before he decided to chew on it because he didn't want to just laugh again. He started rubbing the silly gum all over his face. And when he rubbed it over his face, it was kind of like an eraser, and it made all of the hair go away. And so Jonah rubbed it all over his face, but he rubbed it accidentally on his eyebrows and eyelashes. And so soon he had no hair on his face, not even eyebrows or eyelashes. And Steve did the same thing. Well, now they were walking around with no hair on their face at all, and they didn't have the sillies, but everyone else in the school still did. And that's when Jonah had the idea of putting a little piece of gum in a sprinkler and then turning on the hose so that there were, like, little teensy pieces of the gum that would sprinkle all over. And the kids in the school would breathe in some of that silly gum air. And then they would stop laughing. And that's what Jonah did. He took a little piece of the silly gum and he put it in the sprinkler and he connected the hose and he turned the hose on. And then it sprinkled like tiny little parts of the silly gum. And as all the kids breathed it in, then they stopped laughing. And Steve and Jonah lived happily ever after. But they never grew their eyebrows back. The end.