Welcome to Makeup, the kids bedtime rumpus. I'm Kara. I live in Forwick in California. In California. I'm three, and I'm three, and I really love you. And you want a story, and I want a story about lady pirate and this anything else palace and your club and mermaid. Thank you. Thank you. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a three and a half year old girl whose name is Collette and who lives in Fallbrook, California. Collette asks for us to make up a story that includes a lady pirate, a parrot, a mermaid and a unicorn. Once upon a time, a long time ago, colette told her mom that she wanted to go to the toothpaste factory to see where kids toothpaste comes from, because kids always see, like, toothpaste in the bathroom. And kids know that their parents get toothpaste in stores. But most kids have never been to a toothpaste factory. So Colette went in her car seat and her mom and dad drove her to the biggest toothpaste factory in the world. The biggest toothpaste factory in the world was built inside a mountain, and there was a big door in the front of the mountain. And Collette got out of her car seat and her dad knocked on the toothpaste factory door, which was in the front of the big mountain, and he said, Knock, knock, knock. And suddenly the door opened up by itself. And inside the door that led into the mountain where the toothpaste factory was, there was a big sea, a big ocean that was made of toothpaste. And the ocean was made of toothpaste, was under the mountain, and usually people couldn't see it. And the way the factory worked is the factory workers took up little buckets of toothpaste and then they spilled them into toothpaste bottles. And Colette saw that there was such a big sea full of toothpaste. And there were boats on the toothpaste sea, and there were they made out of Lego or toothpaste. The boats on the toothpaste sea were made out of Lego, but there was one that was made of wood, and it had a pirate flag on it. And the pirate ship that was on the toothpaste sea, where there was more toothpaste than a bathtub and more toothpaste than a pond and more toothpaste than a lake and as much toothpaste as there is in a whole ocean, there was a pirate ship on it. And the pirate ship was full of a lot of lady pirates. And the lady pirates wore eye patches. And the lady pirates also had little pretend swords that were really magical. And when you waved the sword in the air, then you could get whatever toy you wanted. And the lady pirates were walking around the woodship on the sea of toothpaste. And Colette saw that they were waving around their magic swords and making a lot of toys come. And one of the lady pirates said, hey. And just as she said, Heyo. She waved her sword and she made a real alligator appear. And the alligator was going around swimming through the toothpaste ocean when the alligator's mama came up to it. And the alligator's mom said, it's time for us to brush your alligator teeth with this toothpaste and then we will go to sleep. But that's using up the table peg. But there was so much toothpaste that they could use as much as they want because it was like a whole ocean's worth of toothpaste, bigger than the ocean out there. It's about the same size as the ocean out there with all the water. And the alligator mama didn't even have to use a toothbrush. The alligator mama used her alligator hands to brush the toothpaste that was in the sea against her baby alligator. And the lady pirate shouted to Colette and said, collette, do you want to come on the sea of toothpaste and a ride in our pirate ship? And Collette asked her dad if they should go. And Collette's dad said okay. But the pirate ship was too far away, and so they needed to get a ride from a friendly parrot. There was a parrot that was on the top of the mountain, right by the ceiling. And the parrot swooped down and had the biggest wings. The parrot was as big as an airplane. And the parrot was so colorful. And the parrot was able to talk. And the parrot went down to Colette and her dad and said, do you guys want a parrot ride where you could go on my ginormous huge wings and I'll carry you all the way to the pirate ship? And Collette said, yay. And Colette got on the big colorful parrot. But do you know what happened? What? Colette's dad said, we need to put a car seat on the parrot first. And Colette's dad put Colette in a car seat and they strapped the car seat to the top of the parrot. And Collette and her dad went on the top of the parrot. And the parrot flew all the way over the alligator because Pat's not so strong. This was a huge parrot, so it was really strong. And the parrot helped them fly over the alligator all the way to the pirate ship that was full of lady pirates. And when they got to the pirate ship, one of the lady pirates said to Collette, collette, what do you think is under the water of this toothpaste sea? Like, what's under the toothpaste? And Collette said, I think that there is something magical there. And the pirate waved her sword. And do you know what appeared? Mermaids. As it turns out, there are mermaids that live in the toothpaste sea, which is under a mountain where the factory is. They make toothpaste from there's, a big sea full of toothpaste. And mermaids live there. And the mermaids can jump up and down. And do you know what flies through the air. What unicorns? So the unicorns mermaids can't fly by themselves, but the unicorns sometimes give mermaids rides. Like, the unicorn could go next to the toothpaste, and then the mermaid will jump out of the water and then jump onto the unicorn for a ride. Well, Colette was having a lot of fun because a unicorn stopped by her, and she went on a unicorn ride. But she was deciding that she wanted to go to outer space, and so she asked the Lady Pirate if they could make the Toothpaste sea go to outer space. And the lady pirate said, okay. And all of the lights inside the mountain turned off, and inside the mountain, they could see so many stars and a little moon, and there were even little planets that were going by. And Collette was having so much fun because the Lady Pirate let Collette steer the pirate ship through space on top of the Toothpaste ocean. Well, Colette asked the Lady Pirate if she could bring any toothpaste home with her, because the Lady Pirate said they have special yummy kinds of toothpaste that are made of just sugar. And Collette's dad said, no, no, we don't want sugar toothpaste. But the lady pirate said there you go. And the Lady Pirate gave Collette and her dad some sugar toothpaste. And Collette went home in the car seat, and her dad drove her all the way back to the house. And do you know what happened when they got back to the house, bud? What? They discovered that the Lady Pirate did not really give them toothpaste, but instead it was cake frosting, the yummy thing that you put on top of cakes. And Collette put that in her mouth, and it was too yummy, but it was not really toothpaste. So the Lady Pirate had to give another piece of toothpaste to the parrot, and the parrot flew it all the way back to Colette's house, and Collette and her parents lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.