Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old girl named Elena. She lived in Ottawa, Canada. One snowy day, her mom told her they were going on a snowy adventure. Elena agreed, and her mom put her in the car seat. They drove through a snowy road until they reached a snowy forest. The trees in the forest were white because they were covered in snow. Only some rabbits hopped around in the snow, leaving little rabbit prints.

Elena's mom told her that they could search for special things in this white, snowy forest. Elena agreed, so she put her snow boots on, and they started to walk. As they walked, they saw that none of the trees had any leaves because it was winter. There was one flower growing out of the snow with rainbow-colored leaves that looked like it had a face on it. The flower could open up and close like a mouth. It could talk, but it was hard for people to understand, just like people can't really understand when cats say "meow" or dogs say "woof." This flower talked in a way that sounded like "weebly boguba gobagabble."

Elena went up to the rainbow-colored flower and listened carefully as it said to her, "wee bobble gobble goobblegibo weebly." Elena realized what it was saying. The flower was saying that if you just touch one of its rainbow petals, a magic kind of rain would come down from the sky, and it would be gold. So Elena touched one of the flower's magic petals. Just as she touched the rainbow petal, something special happened. Golden clouds appeared in the sky, and they started to rain gold. The gold didn't fall directly on Elena's head or her mom's head or anybody's head. Instead, it fell around people, creating big piles of gold.

It also started to rain silver, and all of the silver and gold that rained down had Elena's name on it. It had her name magically written on it because she was the one who touched the magic flower that was growing even though it was snowy all around it. It kept raining gold and silver, and soon enough, Elena became the richest girl in the whole entire world. She had so much gold and so much silver. Her gold pile was as big as the moon, and she had to put a rope on it so it wouldn't float away into space.

Everyone kept asking Elena what she was going to do with all of her riches. Elena decided that she wanted to buy a lot of cars, but she couldn't drive. So she decided to buy some power wheels. Elena also wanted to buy a house, but she couldn't live by herself. So she decided to buy a treehouse. Elena also decided to buy a castle because when you buy a castle, there are people who work in the castle and help you. Elena decided to buy a jetpack because jetpacks can help you fly. She also decided to get a lot of necklaces, toys, and special things.

But Elena had too much money, and the pile of her gold and silver kept getting bigger and bigger. Soon, the mayor of the city in which Elena lived came up to her and said, "Elena, your pile is way too big. What are we going to do with it?" Elena said she couldn't help it because it kept raining down gold. The mayor asked if she needed all that money. At first, Elena was going to say yes, but then she realized that she already had power wheels, a treehouse, a castle, a jetpack, necklaces, and toys.

Elena decided that it was okay if she started to share some of her riches. She decided to share all of her gold and silver with all of the other kids in Ottawa, Canada. The kids would make a big line, and they would get one for free. They would bring them home to their houses and put them in a piggy bank. But soon enough, after all of the kids in Ottawa took their coins, there was still too big of a pile. Elena had to tell people all over the whole country of Canada to come and take some of her coins to share. But still, the pile was too big.

So Elena told every person on the whole continent of North America that they could get some free gold and silver from her pile, but still, there was too much gold and silver. Then Elena bought a lot of airplanes and told people from all the countries in the world they could come over and take coins from her pile. But still, the pile was too big. Everyone in the world was able to buy all of the toys that they wanted, but Elena didn't know what to do with her pile because it was still way too big.

Elena went back to the magic flower and touched a different petal which wasn't rainbow-colored. The one she touched was a square-shaped petal that looked like it said "magic" on it. There were little pieces of twinkly sand on this square-shaped petal. When Elena touched it, it stopped raining gold and silver. A mermaid came out and started floating through the air. The mermaid went up to Elena and said, "Elena, I know you have trouble with too much gold and silver. I have an idea."

The mermaid decided that she would help Elena bury all of the treasure under the sea. To this day, all of Elena's gold and silver are buried under the sea. Elena and her family lived happily ever after. The end.