You. Welcome to makeup stories. This is Rory from Scotland. Hi. My name is Elena. I live in Ottawa, Canada. I'm five years old, and I would like a story about a magical flower, a mermaid, and golden rain. Thank you. Bye. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old girl who lives in Ottawa, Canada, and whose name is Elena. And Elena asked for us to make up a story that includes golden rain, a magical flower, and a mermaid. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old girl whose name was Elena. She lived in Ottawa, Canada. It was snowing outside, and her mom told her they were going to go on a snowy adventure. And so Elena said okay. And Elena's mom put Elena in the car seat and they started to drive through a snowy road until they got to a snowy forest. The trees in the forest were white because they were covered by snow. And there were only some rabbits that would thump around in the snow and leave some little rabbit prints in the snow. Well, Elena's mom told Elena that they could go hunt for special things in this white, snowy forest. And Elena said okay. So she put her snow boots on and Elena and her mom started to walk. As they were walking, they saw that none of the trees had any leaves because it was winter. And there was one flower that was growing out of the snow that had rainbow colored leaves and looked a little bit like it had a face on it. And the flower could open up and it could close, and it was like a mouth that the flower had. And the flower was able to talk. It was kind of hard to understand, just like people can't really understand when cats are talking and they say Meow or dogs are talking when they say, Woof. This flower could talk also, but it talked in a way that sounded like weebly boguba gobagabble. And it was hard for people to understand what the flower meant unless they tried really hard to concentrate. And so Elena went up to the rainbow colored flower and she concentrated, as it said, to her, wee bobble gobble goobblegibo weebly. And Elena realized what it was saying. She was saying the flower was saying if you just touch one of its rainbow petals that's like a flower's leaf. If you just touch one of them, then there will be a magic kind of rain that will come down from the sky, and it will be gold. So Elena touched one of the flowers magic petals. And just as she touched the rainbow petal, do you know what happened? Something special. There were golden clouds that came in the sky and the golden clouds started to rain gold. And the gold didn't go right on Elena's head or Elena's mom's head or anybody's head. That gold fell around people, and it made these big piles of gold because it was just raining gold. Did it make them stuck? Well, they would pile on top of each other. And it also started to rain silver. It was only Elena's. Yeah, and it was only Elena's. In fact, all of the silver and gold that rained down had Elena's name on it. It had her name magically written on it because she was the one who touched the magic flower that was growing even though it was snowy all around it and it kept raining gold and silver. Did no one else touch it? Well, Elena's mom was also allowed to touch it. But she really had to ask Elena for permission if she was going to keep it because it was Elena's. And soon enough, Elena became the richest girl in the whole entire world. She had so much gold and so much silver. It was bigger than a laundry pile. It was bigger than a car. Her gold pile that rained down from the sky, the moon. It was as big as the moon. And she had to put a rope on it so it wouldn't float away into space, just like the moon. But it started to get so big. And everyone kept asking her, elena, what are you going to do with all of those riches with all your gold and silver because it's worth so much money. And Elena decided that she wanted to buy a lot of cars, but she couldn't drive. So she decided to buy some power wheels. And Elena also wanted to buy a house, but she couldn't live by herself. So she decided to buy a tree house. And Elena also decided to buy a castle because when you buy a castle, there's people who work in the castle and help you. And Elena decided to buy a jetpack because jetpacks can help you fly. And Elena decided to get a lot of necklaces and a lot of toys and a lot of special things. But Elena had too much money and the pile of her gold and silver kept getting bigger and bigger. Soon, the mayor of the city in which Elena lived came up to Elena and said, elena, your pile is way too big. What are we going to do with it? And Elena said, she can't help it because it keeps raining down gold. And the mayor said, do you need all that money? And at first Elena was going to say, yeah, I need it. But then she realized that she already had a power wheels and she already had a treehouse and she already had a castle and a jetpack and necklaces and toys. And Elena decided that it was okay if she started to share some of her riches. And Elena decided to share all of her gold and all of her silver with all of the other kids in Ottawa, Canada. And the kids would make a big line and they would get to have one for free. And then they would bring them home to their houses and they would put it in a piggy bank. But soon enough, after all of the kids in all of Ottawa, Canada took their coins, there was still too big of a pile. And Elena had to tell people all over the whole country of Canada to come in and take some of her coins to share. But still, a pile was too big. So soon Elena told every person on the whole continent of North America that they could get some free gold and silver from her pile but still there was too much gold and silver. So then Elena made she bought a lot of airplanes and told people from all the countries and all the world they could come over and take coins from her pile. But still the pile was too big. But now everyone in the world was able to buy all of the toys that they wanted. And Elena didn't know what to do with her pile because it was still way too big. Maybe make it into a house or a maze. And Elena was thinking of an idea like should she make that big pile of silver and gold into a maze? Or should she turn it into a house made of gold or silver? And she was thinking those might be good ideas but there would still be too much leftover gold and silver. So instead, she went back to the magic flower and she touched a different petal which wasn't rainbow colored on the magic flower. The one that she touched was a square shaped petal. And it looks like it said magic on it. And there were little pieces of twinkly kinds of sand that were on this square shaped petal. And when Elena touched it, it stopped raining gold and silver. And a mermaid came out and the mermaid started floating through the air. And the mermaid went up to Elena and said elena, I know you have a trouble if you have too much gold and too much silver. I have an idea. And the mermaid decided that she would help Elena bury all of the treasure under the sea. And to this day, there is all of Elena's gold and all of her silver buried under the sea. And Elena and her family family lived happily ever after. The end. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stops.