Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Charlie. Charlie really liked dinosaurs, so he had a dinosaur backpack with a picture of a Tyrannosaurus rex on it. A Tyrannosaurus rex is a dinosaur with lots of sharp teeth. Charlie also had a dinosaur umbrella, and he and his little sister Emmy both had dinosaur pajamas. Sometimes, Quinn, Emmy, and Charlie would all use dinosaur sippy cups. But Quinn was still a baby, so she had a dinosaur bottle.

One day, Charlie had just finished lunch. He had pizza with Emmy and Quinn. Charlie decided that he and his sister Emmy would go outside and play hide and seek. When you play hide and seek, one person counts while the other person hides. A good hiding place could be behind a tree or a chair or somewhere where others can't see you. Charlie started to count, saying, "one, two, three." As he was counting, his sister Emmy went to hide.

After Emmy said she was ready, Charlie stopped counting and turned around. Just as he turned around, it started to rain. Luckily, Charlie had his rainbow dinosaur umbrella, so he opened it as he looked for his sister, Emmy. Emmy wasn't hiding behind a tree or a chair. She was hiding in a secret part of their backyard, behind a shed. A shed is like a little hut where you can keep tools inside. Charlie went around to the back of the shed and found his sister Emmy. Emmy said, "Charlie, good job finding me."

Then they looked at the street, which was a secret street behind their house that they didn't know about before. When they looked at the street, they saw a purple bus with whiskers and a siren on top. The siren didn't go, "woo, woo, woo." It laughed and said, "ha." The purple bus was riding down the secret street, and Emmy said to Charlie, "look, it has eyes." Charlie and Emmy had never seen a bus with eyes before. Charlie said, "and look, it has a mouth." They looked, and the bus really did have a mouth, teeth, and a tongue. It was the silliest purple bus with whiskers they had ever seen. This bus even had ears on the side of it, right under the windows, and they didn't know if it had a brain or not.

Just as they were wondering about the special bus, the doors opened, and out came a lion named Liggy. Liggy the lion was riding a unicycle, which is like a bicycle but with only one wheel. Liggy the lion was riding the unicycle down the bus stairs. They thought it was so funny when they saw Charlie and Emmy because the lion really wanted to play with them. Liggy the lion came up to Charlie and asked what he was doing. Charlie said he was playing hide and seek with Emmy. Liggy the lion said he had some snacks for the kids from his bus. Charlie asked, "what is it?" Liggy lion said he had strawberries and chocolate. Liggy lion was a really nice lion and gave them chocolate and some gummies.

Just as Liggy lion gave them the treats, they heard a big roar. Charlie and Emmy were scared because you usually don't hear a big roar when you're hiding in your backyard. But Liggy lion said he would protect them. They looked up, and do you know what they saw? A dinosaur. The dinosaur was so big, and it was going "thump, thump, thump." Its big dinosaur legs were crashing on the ground, and its feet had three sharp toes that looked like claws, like a bird's claws. The claws were as big as a kitty cat, and they were kind of scared. But suddenly, Liggy lion told Emmy and Charlie not to be afraid. He went right up to the dinosaur, and the dinosaur said, "hi, Liggy lion. My name is Dinny the dinosaur. I wasn't trying to be mean. I was just roaring because I smelled some yummy treats, and I wanted to know if I could have some chocolate too." Liggy lion asked Charlie and Emmy if they would share. Charlie and Emmy said, "okay." They both took a piece of their chocolate and gave it to Dinny the dinosaur. Dinny the dinosaur tasted the chocolate, and he loved it so much.

Denny the dinosaur asked if he could be Charlie and Emmy's friend, and they said yes. Denny the dinosaur said he was afraid of the dark, and Liggy lion said they could all stay together. Charlie told Emmy it was time for them to go inside because they were outside for so long. Dinny the dinosaur and Liggy stayed outside. They were outside for maybe an hour and seven minutes. Charlie and Emmy went inside their house and opened the biggest door to let the dinosaur through. Even still, Denny the Dino had trouble fitting through the door.

When they got inside, Emmy and Charlie told Denny the Dino and Liggy the lion that they have to ask their mom if they're allowed to stay in the house for so long because usually, their mom didn't allow different kinds of animals in the house. Charlie got his mom, and he asked if dinosaurs were allowed in the house. His mom said no, but they could stay on the porch. So Denny the Dino and Liggy Lion went out on the porch, and it was getting dark. Just as the sun was setting, there were pretty colors in the sky, like orange, red, and pink. The colors reflected on the ocean, and the clouds looked pinkish, which was very pretty to look at.

Then it got even darker, and they could see stars in the sky. All of the stars were white except for one pink star, which was bigger than the other stars. The pink star was almost as big as the moon looks. Denny the dinosaur told Charlie and Emmy that he comes from a planet named Pinky, which is next to a pink star that's far away. The Dino said he lives on that planet still and flies back and forth sometimes in outer space. Kids and grownups can't see him go through outer space, even if they use telescopes, binoculars, or glasses. But he does come there from time to time, and he had to go back to the Pink Star now. He told Charlie and Emmy to have a good night.

Charlie and Emmy went back inside their house and said bye to Liggy Lion too. They saw that Quinn was crying a little but had pajamas on, and they were all getting ready for bed. Charlie, Emmy, and Quinn lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they will like it.