Welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime wombus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old listener whose name is Charlie. And Charlie lives in Louisiana with his sister Emmy, who's three, and his baby brother Quinn, who's eight months old. Charlie asked for us to make up a story that in includes dinosaurs, lions, a pink star, and a purple bus. Usually, we ask for two things in a story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Charlie. Charlie really liked dinosaurs, and so Charlie had a dinosaur backpack, which had a picture of a tyrannosaurus rex on the back of the backpack. And a tyrannosaurus rex is a dinosaur that has a lot of sharp teeth. And Charlie also had a dinosaur umbrella. And he and his little sister Emmy also both had dinosaur pajamas. And sometimes Quinn and Emmy and Charlie would all use dinosaur sippy cups. But Quinn was still a baby, so she had to have a dinosaur bottle. And one day, Charlie just had lunch. And for lunch, he got to have pizza with Emmy and Quinn. And Charlie decided that he and his sister Emmy would go outside and play hide and seek. When you go outside and play hide and seek, one person gets to count. And while that person is counting, the other person hides. And a good hiding place could be behind a tree or behind a chair or somewhere where other people can't really see you. And Charlie started to count, and he said, one, two, three. And as he was counting, his sister Emmy went to hide. After Emmy said she was ready, charlie stopped counting, and he turned around. Just as he turned around, it started to rain. Luckily for Charlie, he had his rainbow dinosaur umbrella out, and he put his dinosaur umbrella out as he looked for his sister, Emmy. Emmy was not hiding behind a tree, and she also wasn't hiding behind a chair. Emmy was hiding in a secret part of their backyard, which was behind a shed. A shed is like a little hut or a little house where you could keep shovels or other tools inside. And Charlie went around to the back of the shed, and as he went to the back of the shed, he found his sister Emmy. And Emmy said, charlie, good job finding me. And then they looked on the street, which was a secret street that was on the backside of their house that they didn't know about before. And when they looked on the street, they saw there was a purple bus, and the purple bus had whiskers coming out of it, and it had a siren on top. And the siren didn't go, woo, woo, woo. It laughed and said, ha. And the purple bus was riding down this secret street, and Emmy said to Charlie, look, it has some eyes. And Charlie and Emmy had never seen a bus with eyes before. And Charlie said, and look, it has a mouth. And they looked. And the bus really did have a mouth and teeth and a tongue, and it was the silliest real life looking bus that was purple and that had whiskers that they had ever seen as there was. But I thought it ears and a brain. Yes. And this bus did actually have ears on the side of it, right under the windows, and they didn't know if it had a brain or not. So just as they were wondering how that special kind of alive bus could be, the doors of the bus opened, and out of the bus came a lion named Liggy. And Liggy the lion was riding was it a lion bus? It was a lion bus. And wiggy. The lion was riding a unicycle. A unicycle is like a bicycle, but bicycles have two wheels, and unicycles have just one wheel. And the lions were riding a unicycle down the stairs of the bus. And they thought it was so funny when they saw Charlie and Emmy, because the lions really wanted to play with Charlie. And Emmy. And Liggy Lyon came up to Charlie, and Liggy Lyon asked Charlie what he was doing, and Charlie said that he was playing hide and go seek with Emmy. And Liggy Lyon said that he had some snacks for the kids that he brought from his bus. And Charlie asked, what is it? And Liggy lion said that he had strawberries and that he also had some chocolate. Chocolate. And Liggy lion was a really nice lion and gave them chocolate and some gummies. And just as Liggy lion gave that, they heard a big roar. And Charlie was kind of scared. And Emmy was also scared because you usually don't just hear a big roar when you're hiding in your backyard. But Liggy lion said he'll protect them. And they looked up, and do you know what they saw? Dinosaur. A dinosaur. And the dinosaur was so big, and it was going thump, thump, thump. And its big dinosaur legs were crashing on the ground, and the dinosaur legs on its feet. It didn't have five toes. It just had three toes, and they were sharp and looked like claws, like a bird's claws. Was the claws as big as my cat? And the claws were as big as kitty cat, and they were kind of scared. But suddenly Liggy lion told Emmy and Charlie not to be afraid. And he went right up to the dinosaur and said and the dinosaurs said, hi, Liggy lion. My name is dinny the dinosaur. And I really was not trying to be mean. I was just roaring because I smelled some yummy treats, and I wanted to know if I could have some chocolate also. And Liggy lion asked Charlie and Emmy if they would share. And Charlie and Emmy said, okay. And they both took a piece of their chocolate and gave it to Dinny. Dinosaur. And Dinny Dinosaur tasted the chocolate, and he loved it so much. And Denny the Dinosaur asked if he could be Charlie and Emmy's friends, and Charlie and Emmy said yes. Denny the Dinosaur said that he was afraid of the dark, and Liggy Lion said that they could all stay together. Well, Charlie told Emmy that it was time for them to go inside because they were outside for so long. And dinny the dinosaur and Liggy outside in the Mic Duck. Yeah, they're outside for maybe an hour and seven minutes. And Charlie and Emmy went inside their house, and they opened the biggest door in their whole house to let the dinosaur through. And even still, Denny the Dino had trouble fitting through their door. When they got inside, emmy and Charlie told Denny the Dino and Liggy the lion that they have to ask their mom if they're going to be allowed to stay in their house for so long, because usually their mom didn't allow different kinds of animals in the house. Well, Charlie got his mom, and he asked his mom if dinosaurs were allowed in the house, and his mom said no, but they could stay on the porch. So Denny the Dino and Liggy Lion went out on the porch and it was getting dark. And just as the sun was setting there were some pretty colors in the sky and the sky looked like it was a little orange and a little red and a little pink. And you can kind of see colors reflecting on the ocean. And there were some clouds in the sky, and the clouds looked like they were a little pinkish, and it was very pretty to look at. And then it got even darker, and it was all the way dark outside after it got so dark, they could see some stars in the sky. All of the stars were white except for one star, which was a pink star, and the pink star was bigger than the other stars. The pink star was almost as big as the moon looks. And so Denny the Dinosaur told Charlie and he told Emmy that Dinny the Dinosaur comes from a planet named Pinky, and Pinky is a planet that is next to a pink star that's so far away. And the Dino told Charlie and Emmy that he lives on that planet still, and he flies back and forth sometimes in outer space, and kids can't really see him go through outer space, and grownups can't even see them. Even if they use telescopes or binoculars or magnifying glasses or regular glasses, but that he does come there from time to time and that he had to go back to the Pink Star now. And he told Charlie and Emmy that they should have a good night. And Charlie and Emmy went back inside their house and said bye to Liggy Lion also, and they saw that Quinn was crying a little bit, but had pajamas on, and they were all getting ready to go to bed. And Charlie and Emmy and Quinn lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your frets to listen to makeup because they like it.