Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a family named the Foxes. The Foxes were no ordinary family because Mr. Fox, the daddy, was a king, and the mama fox was a queen. They had two girl foxes, Maddie Fox and Audrey Fox, who were both princesses. They lived on a faraway island. On this island, there was a big jungle, and in the middle of the jungle, they lived in a special castle made out of a treehouse. Everyone who visited the treehouse castle had to use special ropes to climb up. When they visited the treehouse castle, they got to see little waterfalls where water would fall from the top of the treehouse up to different decks on the other parts of the treehouse and go all the way down. The treehouse castle was also a lot of fun because it had a ropes course.

One day, Maddie told her little sister Audrey that she would like to go down to the bottom of the treehouse castle and out of the castle on an adventure. Audrey, who was four years old, said that she wanted to go too. So they packed up some juice, some water, and some snacks. One of the snacks was an orange, and the other snack was some yummy gummy bears. They decided to go down from the treehouse all the way to the stream. When they went to the bottom of the treehouse next to the stream, they heard a voice in the bushes. The voice in the bushes said, "Hisa wasa wasa goosea GOOSEAH Agassa WUSA." The voice in the bushes kept saying that it was a talking sock. Yes, the voice in the bushes was a big blue sock who could talk, and he said, "Hisa wasa wasa goosea goosea wasa my name is Grumpy the Sock."

Grumpy the Sock wanted to say hello to Audrey and Maddie, so he said, "Audrey and Maddie, where do you guys live?" Audrey and Maddie told Grumpy the Sock that they lived in the treehouse castle because they were princesses. Grumpy the Sock told them that he was sad and grumpy, and it was not so very easy for him to be friendly because he had no hair, he had eyes, and Grumpy the Sock had a mouth. But Grumpy the Sock always wanted to have hair, and he didn't have any. Well, he had ears. Yes, the Sock also had ears.

Maddie and Audrey told Grumpy the Sock that if they took a boat on the stream and all went together on the rowboat, and Grumpy the Sock helped them row the boat, then at the end of the stream, there would be a magic frog. Grumpy the Sock agreed to go in a boat with them, and they paddled to the end of the stream in the forest. When they got to the end of the stream, they saw a big froggy. The big froggy said to Maddie and Audrey, "Maddie and Audrey, you two are special princesses, and because you are princesses, I am going to make your hair magic." Just as he said that, he said a special magic incantation. Suddenly they heard the noise, "Du altofic nadalan spreaker." After the frog said that, their hair started to turn into lights, and their hair was like a light bulb, and there was a switch right on their princess noses. Maddie turned her switch on her nose, and suddenly her hair started to light up. Then Audrey also decided to turn on her switch on her nose, and her hair lit up too. The froggy told them that there was also a special button if they wanted to change the color of their hair. Maddie pressed the red button, and her hair turned red. Audrey decided to press the green button, and her hair turned green. They asked the frog if there was a rainbow button, but there was no rainbow button.

The froggy said that he had a long day, so he had to go back home. He went back home to his froggy house right in the swamp at the end of the stream. Grumpy the Sock said, "No fair, because I have no hair at all, and now you guys have magic hair that can turn colors." Maddie and Audrey told the froggy that because they were princesses and they had magic hair, they were going to give some special magic hair to Grumpy the Sock. They started saying, "Wow, kapuka de zawadab." But it didn't work when they said that. So then the princesses said, "Abra cadabra." Just as they said that, some of their magic hair went onto Grumpy the Sock, and he had a special kind of hair because his hair was rainbow-colored and also had a light on it. He was so happy.

Maddie and Audrey were really happy because after Grumpy the Sock got hair, he became so friendly and so nice. He told Maddie and Audrey that he wanted to sleep with them in the castle. Maddie and Audrey said that they would go back to the castle and decide if friends were allowed. They went back home and climbed up the ladder to the treehouse castle. When they got to the treehouse castle, they saw some parrots, which are very colorful birds, waiting for them. One of the parrots said, "The princesses have arrived." The other parrot said, "Dumbbellor the schneigalaz." Just as they said that, they noticed that it was starting to get dark and the moon was coming out. Audrey and Maddie looked up at the moon and saw a little speck on the moon. They thought maybe it was someone's feet or a person, but it was too far away because the moon is so far away. They asked their dad, who was the king, for a long telescope, which is like binoculars, to help them see very far. They looked at the moon and saw a person on the moon named Neil Armstrong. They looked very closely and saw that Neil Armstrong had just one sock on. When he said, "This is one small step for man, but a giant step for mankind," when he was on the moon, he was actually missing a blue sock. That blue sock became Grumpy the Sock because it fell from the moon all the way to the earth next to the princess treehouse castle that Maddie and Audrey lived in.

After Maddie and Audrey saw Neil Armstrong on the moon using their telescope and saw that he was missing that sock, they told their parents to let Grumpy the Sock in their house. They let Grumpy the Sock in their house, and Grumpy the Sock became a very nice sock and was nice to all visitors. They all lived happily ever after. The end.

As it turns out, years after the story, when Maddie and Audrey became grown-ups, they decided to become astronauts too. They remembered to bring the blue sock back to Neil Armstrong, and he got it back. They all lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. We're so happy to have you as a listener. Remember to subscribe and also to leave a five-star review on iTunes.