Hello. Hello. Tonight's makeup story is a request from two big girls who are sisters. And this is Maddie and Audrey Fox. And Maddie and Audrey Fox want a makeup story that has a beautiful princess with magical hair and also a talking sock who is always sad and grumpy. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a family named the Foxes. The Foxes were no ordinary family because Mr. Fox, the dadda, was a king, and the mama fox was a queen. And there were two girl foxes, maddie Fox and Audrey Fox, who were both princesses. They lived in a faraway island. In the faraway island, there was a big jungle, and in middle of the jungle, they lived in a special castle that was made out of a treehouse. And everyone who visited the treehouse castle had to use special ropes to climb up. And when they visited the treehouse castle, they got to see little waterfalls where water would fall from the top of the treehouse up to different decks on the other parts of the treehouse and go all the way down. And the treehouse castle was also a lot of fun because it had a ropes course. So one day, Maddie told her little sister Audrey that she would like to go down to the bottom of the treehouse castle and out of the castle on adventure. And Audrey, who is four years old, said that she wanted to go also. So they packed up some juice, some water, and some snacks. And one of the snacks was an orange. And the other snacks yes, they were both big. One of the snacks was an orange, and the other snack was some yummy gummy bears. And they decided they would go down from the treehouse all the way to the stream. When they went to the bottom of the treehouse next to the stream, they heard a voice in the bushes. And the voice in the bushes said hisa wasa wasa goosea GOOSEAH Agassa WUSA. And the voice in the bushes kept saying that it was talking sock. Yeah. And the voice in the bushes was a big blue sock who could talk, and he said hisa wasa wasa goosea goosea wasa my name is grumpy the sock. And Grumpy the Sock wanted to say hello to Audrey and Maddie, so he said, Audrey and Maddie, where do you guys live? And Audrey and Maddie told the Grumpy Sock that they lived in the treehouse castle because they were princesses. And the Grumpy Sock told them that he was sad and grumpy, and it was not so very easy for him to be friendly because he had no hair, he had eyes, and the Grumpy Sock had a mouth. But the Grumpy Sock always wanted to have hair, and it didn't have any well, had ears. Yes, and the Sock also had ears. Well, Maddie and Audrey told the Grumpy Sock that if they took a boat on the stream and all went together on the rowboat, and the grumpy sock helped them row the boat. Then at the end of the street, at the end of the stream, there would be a magic frog. And so the grumpy sock agreed to go in a boat with them, and they paddled to the end of the stream in the forest. And when they got to the end of the stream, they saw a big froggy. And the big froggy said to Maddie and also to Audrey, maddie and Audrey, you two are special princesses, and because you are princesses, I am going to make your hair magic. And just as he said that, he said a special magic incantation. And suddenly they heard the noise. Du altofic nadalan spreaker. And suddenly after the monster said that, the monster being the frog, after the frog said that, their hair started to turn into lights, and their hair was like a light bulb, and there was a switch that was right on their princess noseies. And Maddie turned her switch on on her nose, and suddenly her hair started to light up. And then Audrey also decided to turn on her switch on her nose, and then her hair lit up also. And the froggy told them that there was also a special button if they wanted to change the color of their hairs. And so Maddie pressed the red button, and her hair turned red. And Audrey decided to press the green button, and her hair turned green. Well, the frog, was there any rainbow button? And there was no rainbow button. Well, the froggy said that he had a long day, so he had to go back home. And he went back home to his froggy house right in the swamp at the end of the stream. And grumpy sock said, no fair, because I had no hair at all, and now you guys have magic hair that could turn colors. And Maddie and her sister Audrey told the froggy that because they were princesses and they had magic hair, that they were going to give some special magic hair to the grumpy sock. And they started saying, wow, kapuka de zawadab. And it didn't work when they said that. So then the princesses said, abra cadabra. And just as they said that, some of their magic hair went on to grumpy sock, and he had a special kind of one because his hair was rainbow colored hair and also had a light on it. And so he was so happy. Well, Maddie and Audrey were really happy because after the grumpy sock got hair, do you know what happened? He became so friendly and so nice, and he told Maddie and Audrey that he wanted to go sleep with them in the castle. Well, Maddie and Audrey said that they would go back to the castle and decide if friends were allowed. So they went back home and went up the ladder to the treehouse castle. And when they got to the treehouse castle, they saw that there were some parrots, which are very colorful birdies, waiting for them. And one of the parrots said, the princesses have arrived. And the other parrot said, Dumbbellor the schneigalaz. And just as they said that, they noticed that it was starting to get dark and that the moon was coming out. And the two girls, Audrey and Maddie, looked up at the moon and they kind of saw a little speck on the moon. And they thought maybe it was someone's feet or a person, but it was too far away because the moon is so far away. So they asked their dad, who was the king, for a long telescope, which is like binoculars, which could help you see very far. And they looked at the moon, and they saw there was a person on the moon named Neil Armstrong. But they looked very closely and saw that Neil Armstrong had just one sock on. And when he said, this is one small step for man, but a giant step for mankind, when he was on the moon, he was actually missing a blue sock. And that blue sock became Grumpy the Sock because it fell from the moon all the way to the earth next to the princess treehouse castle that Maddie and Audrey lived in. And so after Maddie and Audrey saw Neil Armstrong on the moon using their telescope and saw that he was missing that sock, they told their parents to let Grumpy the sock in their house. And they let Grumpy the sock in their house. And Grumpy the Sock became a very nice sock and was nice to all visitors. And they all lived happily ever after. The end. I don't get a sock back. And as it turns out, years after the story, when Maddie and Audrey became grown ups, they decided to become astronauts too. And they remembered to bring the blue sock back to Neil Armstrong, and he got it back. And they all lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. We're so happy to have you as a listener. Remember to subscribe and also to live. Five star review on itunes.