Get it. I know I am. I am nayo. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Olivia. Go to makeupstory.com to join the makeup stories club. Good thing aya tonight's makeup story is a request from my younger son jesse, who's lying down next to me. And Jesse asks for us to make up a scary story about a saw. And when you touch the saw, it controls your arm, right, bud? Yeah. Okay. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They were out digging, searching for treasure, and jesse found a piece of paper that was buried under some rocks. He picked up the piece of paper. The paper was heavier than regular paper, and it looked really old. And the paper had some letters on it. And he gave it to his big brother jonah and asked Jonah to read it. Jonah said that they're going to have to clean off the piece of paper. So they started brushing off all the dirt. And when they cleaned it off, jonah and Jesse saw that the paper said their names. The paper said Jesse on top and jonah on bottom. And jesse said, how did this piece of paper, which was buried here under these rocks, how did it have our names? And just as he wondered that, right from where the letters were on the piece of paper, there started to be some smoke that came up in the air. And the smoke went up into the air, and the smoke started to form. It looks like a little bit of a monster. And the monster got bigger and bigger. And it was like a smoke monster that came from the letters on the paper. And the smoke monster went up right on top of Jonah and Jesse and said, boo. And jonah and jesse decided to run away past the stream all the way over the troll bridge, running away from the smoke monster. And they finally hid behind two big trees. Jesse whispered to jonah. Jesse said, jonah, is this smoke monster still there? And jonah peeked just a little bit with his eyes. And Jonah said, yes, we have to be careful. And just when he said that, the smoke monster heard. And the smoke monster came zooming in right to where Jonah was behind the tree. But jesse had a plan. Jesse picked up a rock, and he threw the rock at the smoke monster. And the smoke monster was afraid, so it went away from jonah. And then Jesse told jonah that they should go to a different hiding spot. And so Jesse and jonah threw up a bunch of leaves to distract the smoke monster. And they ran through the forest all the way to an empty boathouse. The boat house looks like it usually had lots of boats in it, but this time there was nothing in it. And when they went into the boathouse, jesse and jonas said, we have to be so quiet so that the smoke monster wouldn't catch them. And Jesse and Jonah were really quiet until they started. Jesse and Jonah were so quiet, and they wanted their parents to be with them because they were all alone. Their parents were still on the beach where they first dug up that special treasure, which had the paper, which had the letters Jesse and Jonah, which then turned into a smoke monster. And when Jesse and Jonah ran away, that's when they lost where their parents were. They couldn't keep track of them. And so Jesse and Jonah were now in the boathouse, and they were trying to be so quiet, and they really wanted their parents to be back, and they had to figure out a way to get back to their parents. Jonah showed Jesse that on the other side of the boathouse, there was a door. And they opened up that door very quietly. You know how sometimes you could open a door super sneakily like, you hold the doorknob and turn the doorknob slowly a little bit so it doesn't make a lot of noise. Sometimes when I try to sneak it's just I open the door loudly, and then I just put it in a little bit and then I squeak it out. Yes. Anyway, this time, Jesse and Jonah, they opened the door slowly and quietly. And when they got to the other side of the door, jesse saw a big saw. The saw looks like a really big kind of knife, and it was very sharp, but it was much longer than a knife. And Jonah said, jesse, do you think I should pick that up? And then we won't have to worry about the smoke monster? Jesse said that he should. So Jonah picked up the saw. And when Jonah picked up the saw, the saw pulled Jonah's hand, and Jonah started to fly up in the air because the saw was pulling so hard. And Jesse tried to hold Jonah back so he wouldn't just go in the air, and the saw wouldn't pull him away. So Jesse held onto Jonah's legs, but the saw was so strong that it pulled Jesse and Jonah both in the air, and then it went on top of the lake, and the smoke monster saw them flying away on the saw. And the smoke monster started to chase them, and it was flying through the air right behind them. And that's when the saw started to pull Jonah and Jesse right in the direction of the smoke monster. And the saw faced the smoke monster, and the smoke monster looked at the saw, and the saw started to cut the smoke right in half. And half of the smoke monster fizzled into dust. It turned into little dust that fell down on the ground. And the other half of the smoke monster started curling up into a little ball, and it turned into a tennis ball. And the tennis ball fell down on the ground. And then the saw followed the tennis ball on the ground, and it cut the tennis ball in half. After the saw cut the tennis ball in half, that's when it stopped pulling on Jonah's arm. And it let Jonah and Jesse back on the ground. And Jesse decided to try the saw. And when he picked it up, the saw brought Jesse to a tree. And it started to saw the tree down until Jesse was like, no, no, we don't want the tree to fall down. But it was too late. And the tree fell down right on top of where the tennis ball was cut in half. Jonah and Jesse had done their job. The smoke monster was gone forever. It was smooshed as part of a tennis ball that was now under a tree. And so that's when Jonah and Jesse decided to bring the saw back to where their parents were waiting for them at the edge of the lake, right where they found the special piece of paper. And the saw even pulled them to the lake. And when they got to their parents, steve asked Jesse, why are you holding such a big saw? I thought, that's not safe for kids. And Jesse had to tell his parents the story of the Smoke Monster and how the saw ended up saving the day. And Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. Okay. Listening to madeup stories. My name is Olia. Go to Madeup stories.com to join the Madeup Club. Tell your friends. Close.