Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived in a house that had a really tall, fluffy carpet. The carpet was so big, a whole person could fit in between it. They used to hide and play lots of games as they walked around the carpet. It also made many different mazes to get to different parts of the house because you couldn't see on top of the carpet. So it was like walking through a maze if you wanted to go to the toy room. There were also some tunnels that Jesse and Jonah could crawl through in the carpet.

Their house was special because it was also a house where there were lots of different animals. Jesse and Jonah had some of the tunnels in their carpet filled with water, and there were some turtles that lived in their house. They also had a different part of the house that was near the roof where cats lived. Jesse and Jonah used to sometimes put out some kitty food for the cats to eat, and the cats would let Jesse and Jonah pet them.

But one day, there was one cat that appeared, and this cat was blue. All the other cats were different colors, not blue. The blue cat went straight through one of the tunnels in the carpet, and it went all the way to Jesse and Jonah's room. It started to sleep on Jesse's pillow as Jesse was falling asleep. Every night as Jesse was falling asleep, the kitty cat would sleep either on his pillow, touching his hair or touching his tummy. When Jesse woke up each day, he noticed that he was getting bluer and bluer. First, part of Jesse's cheek turned blue, and he thought that maybe he got a bruise from a boo-boo. But then different parts of Jesse's body, like his hands, also started to turn blue, and Jesse started to grow some fur.

Jesse realized that he couldn't really talk anymore. Whenever he tried to say something, the only sound that came out was a meow, and Jesse started to grow a tail. He realized that he was turning into a kitty cat just like that blue kitty cat. After Jesse turned into a blue kitty cat, he couldn't say anything. He saw his mom looking around the room for him, trying to find where Jesse was. Jesse the kitty cat went up to his mom and started scratching her leg and saying, "meow, meow." But Jesse's mom, Amanda, didn't know that Jesse was the kitty cat. So instead, Jesse's mom got some kibbles for the blue Jesse kitty cat. But Jesse wasn't hungry; he didn't even want to eat those kibbles. He really was trying to tell his mom that he wasn't a cat, that he was Jesse. But Amanda wasn't understanding.

Finally, the other blue kitty cat started rubbing its body against Jesse's blue kitty cat body. Jesse decided to follow the blue kitty cat through some of the tunnels in the carpet in his house. They got to a room in Jesse's house that he never saw before because people couldn't fit through that tunnel. It was only the size of kitty cats. When he got out of the tunnel, he noticed that the blue kitty cat turned into a person that was see-through. Jesse also turned back into a person, but his body was see-through, and you could just put your hand right through it.

The secret room that Jesse landed in was a disco room. There was a disco ball that was very shiny and reflected different colors of lights on the ceiling of the room. It was making different color lights go all over the walls of the room, dancing in circles. Jesse, who turned into a see-through person after he was a kitty cat, was dancing because he heard some music. All of the other blue people that used to be kitty cats and were now see-through were also dancing. Jesse wanted to know how he could turn into a regular person again.

Before he could figure that out, there was a big smashing sound, and there was a bad guy with a hammer that banged the disco ball off of the ceiling. He started smushing up the carpet and putting crumbs all over it. Jesse was afraid of that bad guy, so he snuck through the tunnel with the other person that used to be a blue cat. Jesse turned back into a blue cat, and the other person turned back into a blue cat. When they went through that magical tunnel, the bad guy with the hammer was looking for them, but cats can be pretty sneaky. So Jesse and the other blue cat snuck through a bunch of different tunnels in the carpet until they got to one of the tunnels that was full of water and had turtles in it.

Jesse's friend, the other blue cat, meowed to the turtles in a way that the turtles understood and tried to tell the turtle that there was a bad guy with a hammer. Turtle shells are really strong, and the bad guy's hammer wouldn't be able to get through a turtle shell. So the turtle said that he would go to the entrance to the tunnel and block it up so there was no space. The turtle blocked the tunnel with his shell. Jesse and the other blue cat waited in the part that was a lake where the turtles were in the tunnel that had water in it.

Soon, Jesse and Jonah heard the bad guy go away, and they decided that they would set a trap. They snuck very quietly back into the disco room. When they got back into the disco room this time, they put up a new disco ball. But the disco ball had a big magnet in it, and the magnet was attached to a secret trap. They started dancing in the disco room again. When the bad guy came in with the hammer to bang the disco ball, the hammer got stuck to the magnet, and the magnet pulled the bad guy into a jail.

When the bad guy was in jail, it seemed like he had a magic potion that fell out of his hand and onto the floor. When the magic potion fell onto the floor, it spilled, and the water trickled all the way onto Jesse cat's legs. Jesse and the other blue cat turned into regular people, and they squeezed their way through the tunnel that led to that secret disco room. After they got out of the tunnel, Jesse finally found his mom, who was still looking for him and saying, "Jesse, Jesse, where are you?" Jesse said, "I'm here." His mom asked, "Where were you hiding?" Jesse told his mom that he had actually turned into a blue cat and was a blue cat for a while. His mom said, "Oh, there was a blue cat that came up to me." Jesse was like, "Yeah, that was me. I didn't really want kibbles; I was trying to tell you that I turned into a blue cat."

Amanda picked up Jesse and said that it was okay. Jesse hugged Amanda. The other blue cat ended up turning into a twin of Jesse's. The twin of Jesse's said, "I want to be your friend and play with you all the time." Jesse said, "What? Two Jesse's?" The other Jesse said, "Yeah, I'm always going to play with you. We could play in playgrounds, and we could play on bicycles, and we could do a lot of fun things and also be a team." Jesse, Jonah, and their whole family lived happily ever after. The end.