Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Hadley. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Welcome to makeup story. My name is Sria. I live in Samamish, Washington. I am four years old. I will turn five on 27 April. I want to listen to a story about a rose, a rainbow and honor from Frozen Movie. Thank you. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a girl named Shiria, who lives in Samamish, Washington, and who turned five years old one month ago on April 27. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Sharia. And Sharia asked for us to make up a story that includes a rainbow, a rose and Anna from Frozen. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Sharia. Sharia used to live in a nice little house, and the house was made of playdoh. It wasn't like a little playdoh house, like kids could make with their playdoh. The whole house was a big house. But the walls and stuff were made of playdoh. And to keep the roof strong for when there was rain or when there was a storm, or when it got too windy, on top of the playdoh roof, sharia and her family kept some Lego. And all of the Lego was connected together so tightly, and it was so much Lego that you could build a whole real house with it. And so the outside of Sharia's house was made of Lego, and the inside of it was made of Plato. A lot of people love to visit Sharia's house because after you knocked on the door, if you knew the secret password, and the secret password was kitty cat meow meow, you could open up the door and go into Sharia's playdoh house, right? When you got into Sharia's playdoh house, there was a room. It was very dark, but there was a light switch. And the light switch was low down so that kids could use it. And if you flipped the light switch, then when you turned it on, a lot of fireflies came, so there was no light bulb. But all of the fireflies flying together in the dark room at the entrance to Sharia's playdoh house made it very light. And then once the entrance to her house was very light because of all of the fireflies glittering in the darkness, then you can see the secret room. The secret room in Shiria's house had a special way to go in. First, you had to find that there was a cabinet with a door. Second, you had to touch the doorknob and pull it open. And then third, and this is the most important step, inside the cabinet, you'll find some licorice. And the licorice is a red twisty candy that's kind of long. What you have to do is you pull the licorice, and then when you pull the licorice, the cabinet turns into a secret tunnel, and you can go from the entrance to Sharia's playdoh house, which had the fireflies dancing in the darkness through the special tunnel all the way to Sharia's magical kitchen. A magical kitchen is a place where kids get to cook recipes, and they get to decide what they want to make, and they get to make it all by themselves. And it's safe because the oven doesn't have to use fire and the stove also doesn't. It just works by magic. Now, everything inside of the kitchen of Shiriya's Playdoh House was also made of playdoh. There is only one exception. The exception was the golden microwave. Now, the golden microwave didn't use electricity. But when you put something in it, like, let's say you wanted to make cookies, all you had to do is you drew a cookie on a piece of paper, and then if you put it in the golden microwave and pressed a button, then it would go, and suddenly there would be whatever you drew inside. So if you drew a picture of a cookie, then a real cookie would come out of the golden microwave. Now, this was a very special microwave that all of the kids used to love to try. And so Sharia had to decide how many kids were allowed into her house that was made of Lego on the outside and playdoh on the inside and had the firefly entrance and had the secret cabinet with the licorice that you could pull and all the way to get to the kitchen with the golden microwave where whatever you drew a picture of. Like for example, if you drew a picture of cake and you put the picture in the microwave, then suddenly a real cake would come out of the golden microwave. And all of Sharia's friends used to love to take turns to try it. And that's when Sharia decided that she wanted to try to make things that weren't just food. She wondered maybe instead of making a cookie or a birthday cake or ice cream or a popsicle or a piece of chocolate with the microwave, maybe we could draw something else. And so Sharia decided, and she showed all of her friends how this worked, that she would draw a rainbow and she put it in the microwave, and she pressed the button on the golden microwave, and then it went and it made its noise. And then suddenly, when they opened the door of the golden microwave, they saw there was a real little rainbow. And all of Sharia's friends got so excited because this is the kind of rainbow that even though it's real, since it was small, you could pick it up and you could move it. And so all of Sharia's friends were taking turns holding the rainbow and passing it around and seeing if they could put their fingers through the rainbow. And Sharia then had another good idea. She told all of her friends that she was going to draw a picture of a rose. And Shiria drew a picture of a rose, which is a kind of flower, and she put it in the golden microwave. And she pressed the button. And at first, the microwave didn't make its noise burr, but then suddenly it started to shake, and the microwave made its noise. And Shiria opened the door and she saw that there was really a rose. So she told all of her friends that inside of their playdoh house they could start making flowers and they could give those flowers to people who maybe were sick or had a hard day or just weren't feeling so well. And Shiria and her friends decided to pass out flowers to all of the people who passed by the Lego house, which had Plato inside. And then Shiria had another good idea. Shiriya was thinking, one person who a lot of kids like is Anna from Frozen. And so she wondered if she could trace a picture, if she could draw the lines of Anna from Frozen and then put that drawing of Anna from Frozen in the golden microwave and then see if it could really make Anna from Frozen come alive and go inside the Plato house. And so Sharia drew the picture, and all of her friends helped make sure they were coloring in the lines. And they did it very slowly and very carefully. And whenever they made a mistake, they just tried to fix it. And if they couldn't fix the mistake, they started again. Until finally Sharia and her friends came up with the best drawing of Anna from Frozen. And they held up the picture that they drew of Anna from Frozen, the drawing. And Sharia opened up the golden microwave and she put the picture inside it. And she told her friends that she was ready to try the experiment and to see if Anna from Frozen came out as a real person just from the drawing. And then Sharia pressed the button to the golden microwave. And the microwave started to do something that was kind of silly. First, all of the fireflies that were in the other room in the entrance to Sherry's house, they all started to fly through that secret cabinet with the tunnel to the kitchen. And when the drawing was in the golden microwave, all of the fireflies started flying around in a circle on top of the golden microwave. And then the microwave started to go. And then it beeped. And Sharia opened it up, and she saw that there was really Anna from Frozen. And Anna from Frozen came out of the golden microwave. And she told the kids and Shiria and her friends that she could play with them and have a fun time. And Sharia and her family lived happily ever after. The end.