Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two girls named Desi and Lily. Desi and Lily were big girls, and it was nighttime. They had just eaten a big dinner and were wearing their pajamas. Desi and Lily's mom told them they were going to have a dream that night. She told them a bedtime story and said, "Night night." Desi went to sleep, and Lily went to sleep, and they had a dream together. They were both in each other's dreams.

In the dream that Desi and Lily had, there was a dog. Desi and Lily were walking outside their house, and they saw a dog up in a tree right by a bird's nest. The dog had feathers glued to his body, and he loved to eat worms and gather twigs to make a nest. Desi and Lily called up to the dog and said, "Dog, dog, what are you doing up in the tree? Come back down and play with us." The dog climbed down the tree, and he tried to fly, but his feathers were just glued on. The dog said to Desi and Lily, "Are you guys having a fun dream?" Desi and Lily said yes, they were having a dream, and there was a doggie in the dream who was in a tree.

The doggie said, "When I was born, I thought I was a birdie. I had a birdie mom, a birdie dad, and I lived in a nest on a tree my whole life." Desi and Lily said, "But that's too silly because why didn't you have a doggy mama and a doggie dadda?" The dog said that he had a parrot mama and a parrot dadda, and they used to live in the trees. He would help them build their nest, look under rocks for worms, and do lots of things that birds did. But the doggie also said that he was always sad since he never had his own wings, so he used to find feathers on the ground and attach them to his skin using glue.

Desi and Lily said that if the dog wanted, he could be their friend. The dog said, "Woof woof," because he was happy. Desi and Lily and the dog, dressed up as a parrot, walked through the forest when suddenly they all got really little. It was like a giant was looking at them through a magnifying glass. They were so little compared to the giant, and the world was so big. The trees turned into giant trees, and the grass turned into giant grass as tall as a person. There were squirrels that turned into giant squirrels, as big as cheetahs, and there were bananas bigger than a person. Even people turned into giants. Desi and Lily were the only ones that were regular size.

One of the people that turned into a giant was looking at Desi and Lily through a magnifying glass, and he saw that they had a bird that was really a dog. The giant shouted to Desi and Lily, "Why are you guys so small? And why do you have a dog that's dressed up as a bird?" Desi and Lily shouted up to the giant, and they put their hands over their mouths to make it even louder. They said, "Giant, giant! We didn't get small. Everyone else got big. And you got big. How can we get back to normal?" The giant said he couldn't hear them because their voices were too little, as Desi and Lily's voice and the doggie's voice was as squeaky and little as a mouse.

Just as Desi and Lily were asking each other if there was a way to make everyone else small again, a hamster came. The hamster was walking around the field where Desi and Lily were. The hamster was a big hamster, as big as a car, because the hamster also got bigger. The hamster was wearing an eye patch, and he looked like a pirate hamster because he also had a little sword. The hamster was small enough for Lily to tell the school. The hamster just helped the giants. The hamster was dressed up as a pirate, and the hamster was able to talk to Desi and Lily and the dog because it wasn't as big as a giant. It was just the size of a car.

The hamster said, "My name is Himy the Hamster, and I come from a big family. I have 900 brothers and sisters. Hamsters can have a lot of kids." Well, buddy, a person usually has one kid at a time, or maybe two, or in rare circumstances, three, four, or five. But a hamster can give birth to 900 kids at the same time. In real life, hamsters can give birth to like ten at a time.

The hamster was a very silly hamster because Himmy the Hamster showed Desi and Lily and the doggie that he could hide candy in his cheeks. If any other hamster was looking for candy, then Himy Hamster could sneak it in his cheeks and open up his mouth, and you still wouldn't see it because Himmy the Hamster had a special pocket in his cheeks. Sometimes Himy the Hamster would bury candies. Himy the Hamster told Desi and Lily and the dog that there was a certain kind of candy that he was hiding in the pocket in his cheek, that if he gave them that candy, it could make a fairy come. If they ate some of the candy and the fairy came, then the fairy could make everyone normal size again.

Desi and Lily said, "We want the candy! We want the candy!" and the dog woofed. Himy the Hamster said okay. He searched through his cheek pocket where hamsters could hide special candies, and he found a lollipop that still had the wrapper on. He took the lollipop out of his cheek and made it go down right where Desi and Lily and the doggy were. Desi and Lily decided to share it because soon it was going to be Lily's birthday, and they shared the lollipop. As they shared it, a fairy came.

The fairy said, "Desi, Lily, doggy, hamster, it looks like you guys are small, and the hamster is kind of big. I am going to do a magic poof puff puff, and you guys will be the same size as everyone else." The fairy got her magic wand, which had a glow-in-the-dark star at the end of it, and waved it in the air over the lollipop. Suddenly, Desi and Lily and the dog became regular size, and all the giants around them became regular-sized people, and they lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to the lesson to make up because they like it.