Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two girls whose names were Desi and Lily. Desi and Lily were big girls, and it was nighttime, and they had just eaten so much dinner, and they had their pajamas on. Desi and Lily's mom said that they were going to have a dream that night. Desi and Lily's mom told them a bedtime story, and she said, "Night night." Desi went to sleep, and Lily went to sleep, and they had a dream together. They were both in each other's dreams.

In the dream that Desi and Lily had, there was a dog. Desi and Lily were walking around outside of their house, and they saw that there was a dog up in a tree right by a bird's nest. The dog had feathers glued to his body, and he loved to eat worms and gather twigs to make a nest. Desi and Lily called up to the dog and said, "Dog, dog, what are you doing up in the tree? Come back down and play with me." The dog climbed down the tree, and he tried even to fly, but his feathers were just glued on. The dog said to Desi and Lily, "Are you guys having a fun dream?" Desi and Lily said yes, they were having a dream, and there was a doggie in the dream who was on a tree.

The doggie said, "When I was born, I thought I was a birdie. I had a birdie mom, a birdie dad, and I lived in a nest on a tree for my whole life." Desi and Lily said, "But that's too silly because why didn't you have a doggy mama and a doggie dadda?" The dog said that he had a parrot mama and a parrot dadda, and they used to live in the trees, and he would help them build their nest, and he would help look under some rocks for worms, and he would do a lot of things that birds did. But the doggie also said that he was always sad since he never had his own wings, so he used to find feathers on the ground, and the dog would attach the feathers to its skin using glue.

Well, Desi and Lily said that if the dog wanted, it could be their friend. The dog said, "Woof woof," because the dog was happy. Desi and Lily and the dog that was dressed up as a parrot, as a kind of bird, were walking through the forest when suddenly they all got really little. It was like a giant was looking at them through a magnifying glass. They were so little compared to the giant, only everyone in the world turned into giants, so they were so little, and the world was so big, and the trees turned into giant trees, and the grass turned into giant grass that was as tall as a person. There were squirrels that turned into giant squirrels, which were as big as cheetahs, and there were bananas that were bigger than a person, and even people turned into giants. Desi and Lily were the only ones that were regular size.

One of the people that turned into a giant was looking at Desi and Lily through a magnifying glass, and he saw that they had a bird that was really a dog. The giant shouted to Desi and Lily, "Why are you guys so small? And why do you have a dog that's dressed up as a bird?" Desi and Lily shouted up to the giant, and they put their hands over their mouth to make it even louder. They said, "Giant, giant! We didn't get small. Everyone else got big. And you got big. How can we get back to normal?" The giant said he couldn't hear them because their voices were too little, as Desi and Lily's voice and the doggie's voice was as squeaky and little as a mouse.

Well, just as Desi and Lily were asking each other if there's a way that they could make everyone else small again, a hamster came. The hamster was walking around the field where Desi and Lily were. The hamster was a big hamster, as big as a car, because the hamster also got bigger. The hamster was wearing an eye patch, and he looked like a pirate hamster because he also had a little sword. The hamster was little enough for Lily to tell the school. The hamster just helped the giants. The hamster was dressed up as a pirate, and the hamster was able to talk to Desi and Lily and the dog because it wasn't so big that it was as big as a giant. It was just the size of a car.

The hamster said, "My name is Himy the Hamster, and I come from a big family. I have 900 brothers and sisters. Hamsters, it came from such a big family, bud nine, because hamsters could have a lot of kids." Well, buddy, a person usually when a person has kids, like a mama could give birth to one kid at a time, or maybe two, or in rare circumstances, three, four, or five. But a hamster can give birth to 900 kids at the same time. In makeup stories, for real, hamsters could give birth to like ten at a time.

The hamster was a very silly hamster because Himmy the Hamster showed Desi and Lily and the doggie that he could hide candy in his cheeks. If any other hamster was looking for candy, then Himy Hamster could sneak it in his cheeks and open up his mouth, and you still wouldn't see him because Himmy the Hamster had a special pocket in his cheeks. Sometimes Himy the Hamster would bury candies. Himy the Hamster told Desi and Lily and the dog that there was a certain kind of candy that he was hiding in the pocket in his cheek, that if he gave them that candy, it could make a fairy come. If they ate some of the candy and the fairy came, then the fairy could make everyone normal size again.

Desi and Lily said, "We want the candy! We want the candy!" and the dog woofed. Himy the Hamster said okay. He searched through his cheek pocket where hamsters could hide special candies, and he found a lollipop that still had the wrapper on, and he took the lollipop out of his cheek, and he made it go down right where Desi and Lily and the doggy were. Desi and Lily decided to share it because soon it was going to be Lily's birthday, and they shared the lollipop. As they shared that, a fairy came.

The fairy said, "Desi, Lily, doggy, hamster, it looks like you guys are the hamster was kind of big, but Desi, Lily, and the doggie were little. I am going to do a magic poof puff puff, and you guys will be the same size as everyone else." The fairy got her magic wand, which had a glow-in-the-dark star at the end of it, and waved it in the air over the lollipop, and suddenly Desi and Lily and the dog became regular size, and all the giants around them became regular-sized people, and they lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to the lesson to make up because they like it.