Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime womb is hi, my name is Desi. I am eight years old. I live in Toronto, Canada. I'm requesting a surprise birthday story for my sister Lily's 7th birthday. She would like a dog, a hamster, and a fairy. Her birthday November 22. Thank you. She likes your stories. Tonight's makeup story is a request of an eight year old girl whose name is Desi and who asked for us to make up a story for her sister Lily, who's turning seven years old on November 22. And, buddy, do we want to say something to Lily? Happy birthday, Lily. And we also want to say that it's really nice of Desi to ask for us to make up a story for her sister's birthday that is good sharing and caring. And Desi and Lily live in Toronto, which is in Ontario, Canada, and they want us to make up a story that includes a dog, a hamster, and a fairy. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two girls whose names were Desi and Lily. And Desi and Lily were big girls, and it was nighttime, and they had just eaten so much dinner, and they had their pajamas on. And Desi and Lily's mom said that they were going to have a dream that night. Desi and Lily's mom told them a bedtime story, and she said, night night. And Desi went to sleep, and Lily went to sleep, and they had a dream together. They were both in each other's dreams. And in the dream that Desi and Lily had, there was a dog. And Desi and Lily were walking around outside of their house, and they saw that there was up in a tree right by a bird's nest. There was a dog that lived in a bird's nest. And the dog had feathers glued to his body. And the dog loved to eat worms, and the dog loved to gather twigs to make a nest. And Desi and Lily called up to the dog and said, dog, dog, what are you doing up in the tree? Come back down and play with me. And the dog climbed down the tree, and he tried even to fly, but his feathers were just glued on. And the dog said to Desi and Lily, are you guys having a fun dream? And Desi and Lily said yes. They're having a dream. And there's a doggie in the dream who was on a tree. And the doggie said, when I was born, I thought I was a birdie. And I had a birdie mom, and I had a birdie dad, and I lived in a nest on a tree for my whole life. And Desi and Lily said, but that's too silly, because why didn't you have a doggy mama and a doggie dadda? And the dog said that he had a parrot mama and a parrot dadda, and they used to live in the trees, and he would help them build their nest, and he would help look under some rocks for worms, and he would do a lot of things that birds did. But the doggie also said that he was always sad since he never had his own wings, so he used to find feathers on the ground, and the dog would attach the feathers to its skin using glue. Well, desi and Lily said that if the dog wanted, it could be their friend. And the dog said, woof woof, because the dog was happy. Well, desi and lily and the dog that was dressed up as a parrot, as a kind of bird were walking through the forest when suddenly they all got really little. It was like a giant was looking at them through a magnifying glass. And they were so little compared to the giant, only everyone in the world turned into giants, so they were so little, and the world was so big, and the trees turned into giant trees, and the grass turned into giant grass that was as tall as a person. And there were squirrels that turned into giant squirrels, which were as big as cheetahs, and there were bananas that were bigger than a person, and there was even turned into giants. Yeah. And all the other people that were near desi and Lily turned into giants. And desi and Lily were the only ones that were regular size. And one of the people that turned into a giant was looking at desi and Lily through a magnifying glass, and he saw that they had a bird that was really a dog. And the giant shouted to desi and lily, why are you guys so small? And why do you have a dog that's dressed up as a bird? And desi and Lily shouted up to the giant, and they put their hands over their mouth to make it even louder. They said, giant, giant. We didn't get small. Everyone else got big. And you got big. How can we get back to normal? And the giant said he couldn't hear them because their voices were too little, because desi and lily's voice and the doggie's voice was as squeaky and little as a mouse. Well, just as desi and Lily were asking each other if there's a way that they could make everyone else small again, a hamster came. And the hamster was walking around the field where desi and Lily were. The hamster was it was a big hamster. It was like the size of a car because the hamster also got bigger. But the hamster, that's a really big hamster. Usually hamsters are only as big as, like, little mice, or it's as big as like, if you play with a toy car, a hamster yeah, you're holding up a toy car, and that's about as big as a hamster is. And usually hamsters are only as big as toy cars, but this hamster was as big as a school bus, and the hamster was wearing an eye patch, and he looked like a pirate hamster, because he also had a little sword, and the hamster is little enough for Lily to tell the school. The hamster just helped the giants. Yes. And so the hamster was dressed up as a pirate, and the hamster was able to talk to Desi and Lily and the dog because it wasn't so big that it was as big as, like a giant. It was just the size of a car. And the hamster said, My name is Himy the Hamster, and I come from a big family. I have 900 brothers and sisters. Hamsters, it came from such a big family, bud nine, because hamsters could have a lot of kids. Well, buddy, a person usually when a person has kids, like a mama could give birth to one kid at a time, or maybe two, or in rare circumstances, three, four, or five. But a hamster can give birth to 900 kids at the same time. In makeup stories, for real, hamsters could give birth to, like ten at a time. And the hamster was very silly hamster, because Himmy the Hamster, he showed Desi and Lily and the doggie that he could hide candy in his cheeks. And so if any other hamster was looking for candy, then Himy Hamster could sneak it in his cheeks and open up his mouth, and you still wouldn't see him, because Himmy the Hamster had a special pocket in his cheeks. And sometimes Himy the Hamster would bury candies. And Himy the Hamster told Desi and Lily and the dog that there was a certain kind of candy that he was hiding in the pocket in his cheek, that if he gave them that candy, it could make a fairy come. And if they ate some of the candy and the fairy came, then the fairy could make everyone normal size again. And so Desi and Lily said, we want the candy. We want the candy and the dog. Woof woofed. And that himmy. The hamster said okay. And he searched through his cheek pocket where hamsters could hide special candies, and he found a lollipop that still had the wrapper on, and he took the lollipop out of his cheek, and he made it go down right where Desi and Lily and the doggy were. And Desi and Lily decided to share it because soon it was going to be Lily's birthday, and they shared the lollipop. And just as they shared that, a fairy came. And the fairy said, Desi, Lily, doggy hamster, it looks like you guys are the hamster was kind of big, but Desi, Lily and the doggie were little. And the fairy said, I am going to do a magic poof puff puff, and you guys will be the same size as everyone else. And the fairy got her magic wand, which had a glow in the dark star at the end of it, and waved it in the air over the lollipop and suddenly Desi and Lily and the dog became regular size and all the giants around them became regular sized people and they lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.