Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old boy named Seymour. Seymour was very lucky because his parents let him wear a special helmet whenever he wanted. The helmet had propellers on top, and it could make him fly in the air, just like a helicopter. Not all kids get to have such amazing helicopter helmets, but Seymour was one of the lucky ones.

One day, Seymour told his parents that he wanted to go to Antarctica to explore the South Pole because it's so snowy and cold there. He thought he might even see some penguins. The next day, Seymour's parents took him on a big boat to Antarctica. The boat chugged along the ocean, making a fun ChuChu sound as it sailed towards the South Pole.

When Seymour and his family arrived at the South Pole, they saw that it was very white and snowy. Good thing Seymour brought his winter coat and mittens because it was so cold! Seymour told his parents that they could both hold his hand, and he would take them on a helicopter ride using his helicopter helmet. His parents agreed, and soon they were flying over Antarctica, right to the middle of the South Pole.

In the middle of Antarctica, they saw snow swirling around in the wind, like a big blizzard. It looked like the snow was hiding something. With his helicopter helmet, Seymour was able to fly right into the middle of it. There, he discovered a secret tunnel to the bottom of the South Pole. Seymour also had a parrot named Barrett, who he had found on the boat to Antarctica. Barrett loved to fly with Seymour, so they both flew into the secret tunnel together.

Inside the tunnel, Seymour and Barrett found a cave. And guess what was in the cave? Dinosaurs! Nobody knew they were still alive because dinosaurs were thought to be extinct. But these dinosaurs had survived in Antarctica, in a snowy place that nobody could reach unless they had a helicopter helmet like Seymour's.

Seymour met a big kid dinosaur named Denny, who was a little sad because his mom wasn't there, and he had just lost a tooth. Seymour told Denny not to worry because the tooth fairy might come and leave him some money. That night, Denny put his big dinosaur tooth under his pillow, and sure enough, a dinosaur tooth fairy came! The tooth fairy needed help from other tooth fairies to lift the big dinosaur tooth, but they managed to do it and left some treasures for Denny.

The next day, Denny told Seymour that he was getting a new dinosaur sister. They went to the dinosaur hospital, where Denny's parents were waiting with a big dinosaur egg. Just as Seymour arrived, the egg cracked open, and Denny got a new baby dinosaur sister!

Seymour wondered how he and his family would get out of the South Pole cave because he didn't think his helicopter helmet would be strong enough to fly them all the way out. Denny told Seymour about a rocket ship elevator that could blast them out of the secret place. So, Denny took Seymour, his parents, and Barrett the parrot to the rocket ship elevator.

They all got into the rocket ship elevator, and Denny counted down, "three, two, one, blast off!" They blasted off to the top of Antarctica, but when they got there, they saw that their boat had sunk. Seymour wondered how they would get home. His mom suggested using the helicopter helmet, but Seymour said it was too far. Barrett the parrot offered to give them a ride, but they were too heavy for him to carry.

Just when they were starting to worry, they found a teleporter. A teleporter is a machine that can take you to any place you choose. The boat's driver had used the teleporter to escape, and he told Seymour and his family that they could use it too. So, they all went into the teleporter and teleported back to their home in Berea, Kentucky. Seymour and his family lived happily ever after, and they always had an amazing story to tell their friends.