Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old boy whose name was Seymour. Seymour was very lucky because his parents let him wear a helmet whenever he wanted. The helmet had propellers on top, and it could make him fly in the air. It was almost like a helicopter helmet. Not all five-year-olds get to have helicopter helmets that have propellers that turn around like fans on the top and could work like helicopters and make the five-year-old fly throughout the kitchen or the living room or even their bedroom. But Seymour was lucky, and he had that kind of special kind of helmet with propellers on top.

One day, Seymour told his parents that he wanted to go to Antarctica to explore the South Pole because it's so snowy in Antarctica, and it is so cold that if he could go there, he would see if there was anything special. Like penguins. Well, the next day, Seymour's parents went with Seymour on a big boat. The boat started chugging along the ocean. It had some steam stacks on top, some big chimney things that had some smoke coming out, and it made a little bit of a ChuChu sound. It was a boat that made a ChuChu sound, and it went ChuChu as the boat chugged through the ocean all the way to the South Pole.

When Seymour got with his family to the South Pole, they saw that it was so white and so snowy and that it was a good thing Seymour brought his winter coat and also his mittens because it was so cold. Well, Seymour told his parents that they could both hold his hand, and he would take them on a helicopter ride using his helicopter helmet. His parents said, okay. So after the boat docked in Antarctica and they were in the South Pole, Seymour held his parents' hands and he pressed the button on his helmet, and the helmet lifted them up and it started to help them fly until Seymour went with his parents towards the middle of Antarctica, right where the South Pole is.

And when they got to the middle of Antarctica, they saw that there was some snow that was swirling around and turning around in the wind, and it looked like a big blizzard, a big snowstorm, a hurricane of snow. And it looked like it was a hurricane of snow that was hiding something. But Barrett was able to use his helicopter helmet to go right to the middle of it. And when he got to the middle of it, he saw that there was a secret tunnel to the bottom of the South Pole. And Barrett saw that there was no and Barrett was the parrot that Seymour brought with him. Seymour brought a parrot with him that he found on the boat to Antarctica. And the parrot loved to go with Seymour because they flew.

So Seymour and the parrot flew to the middle of the hole in the South Pole, in Antarctica, where they saw there was a cave. And in the cave, do you know what they saw, bud? Dinosaurs. Nobody knew that they were alive because dinosaurs are not in any place on the planet that people go to. But dinosaurs survived in one place in the whole world, and that is in Antarctica, in a snowy, snowy place that nobody could go to unless they have a helmet with helicopter propellers on top. But that's how Seymour was the first one to find the last secret place on Earth where dinosaurs were still alive.

Yeah, these dinosaurs were the babies of the babies of the dinosaurs that got hurt from the meteor. And when Seymour saw the dinosaurs, he saw that there was a big kid dinosaur. And the big kid dinosaur was sad a little bit because do you know what happened? His mom wasn't there. And he fell down, and one of the big kid dinosaur's teeth fell out. Now, do you think dinosaur teeth are small or big, buddy? Big. They are so big. And so Seymour went up to the dinosaur, who's a big kid dinosaur named Denny, and said, Denny dinosaur, you don't have to cry because the tooth fairy might come, and then you might get some money. And Dinny Dinosaur said okay. And Dinny dinosaur found a dinosaur blanket and put it on top of himself. And Denny dinosaur found a dinosaur pillow and put the dinosaur pillow under his dinosaur head. And he also put his dinosaur tooth under the pillow.

And do you know what happened? As he was sleeping, Seymour saw this. A dinosaur tooth fairy came, and the dinosaur tooth fairy tried to pick up the dinosaur tooth from under the dinosaur's pillow, but it was too big because fairies, tooth fairies are not big enough to pick up a whole dinosaur's tooth. So the tooth fairy had to call other tooth fairies to come help. And they all picked it up together, and then they left some treasures under the dinosaur's pillow. But that's really what happened. And the dinosaur woke up the next morning, and it was so happy that it found a treasure under its pillow that the tooth fairy left. And Dinny the dinosaur said to Seymour, Seymour, guess what. Guess what. I'm having a new dinosaur sister tomorrow. And Seymour said, Can I come see? And Denny the dinosaur went over to the dinosaur hospital.

And in the dinosaur hospital, there was Denny dinosaur's mama and Denny dinosaur's daddy, and they had a big dinosaur egg. It was just the parents of the parents. It was like the dinosaur grandparents that died, but the kids of the kids were still left because the meteor hit so long ago. Anyway, Denny's parents were in the dinosaur hospital, and they were looking over a little dinosaur egg. And just as Seymour came in the hospital room, do you know what happened? The dinosaur egg cracked open, and Dinny dinosaur got a new baby dinosaur sister.

Well, it looked like this was a really fun dinosaur place that nobody knew existed in the world because people thought that dinosaurs were extinct, that they were all dead, but they didn't check in this part of the South Pole. And Seymour was wondering how he was going to get out of this part of the South Pole because he was in such a big hole underground that he didn't think his helicopter helmet would be strong enough to get all the way out. And so he asked Dinny the dinosaur if he had any secret for how to help Seymour and his family get out of the South Pole cave. And Denny dinosaur said that there is a rocket ship elevator that Seymour could take with his parents that will blast them out of the secret place in the South Pole where dinosaurs are still alive. And Seymour said okay.

And the dinosaur, Denny dinosaur, took Seymour and his parents and Seymour's parrot named Barrett to a big not. Barrett could get out. Yeah, the parrot. Well, the parrot couldn't because there was too much wind on the top, bud. So they needed this rocket ship elevator. And then they got in the rocket ship elevator, and Dinny dinosaur said, three, two, one, blast off. And they blasted off to the top of Antarctica. When they got there, they saw that their boat had unfortunately sunk. And Seymour said, how are we going to get home? And Seymour's mom said, Maybe we could use your helicopter helmet all the way home. And Seymour said, that's too far. And the parrot said, Maybe I could give you a ride home. And Seymour and his parents said, but we're too heavy for a parrot to carry.

And they were all wondering how Seymour and his family would get back home out of the South Pole, back to Berea, Kentucky, when finally they saw there was a teleporter. A teleporter is a machine that a person could walk into, and if they press a button in the machine, it makes them go to any place they choose. And so the machine has kind of bright lights around it that blink a lot, and inside a teleporter, it gets driver for the boat. Yes. And the driver for the boat used this teleporter to escape. And that's why they found it because the driver of the boat was there. And the driver of the boat told Seymour and his family that they could go into the teleporter and they teleported away back to Berea, Kentucky. And Seymour and his family lived happily ever after. Tell all your friends. Listen to listen to Michael up because they like it.