Once upon a time, when I was seven years old, it was summertime, and I went to a camp with a bunch of other kids. We used to play a lot of games at the camp, like dodgeball, where you throw a ball. There was also a color war, and sometimes we made arts and crafts using glue, popsicle sticks, and pipe cleaners. It was a lot of fun. We even got to go swimming so many times.

One day, my camp went to a farm to visit because it was almost the end of the summer. At the farm, there were some horses behind a tall wooden fence, and there were also some big giant cows, and there were kitty cats that lived there. The ground was kind of wet and muddy, and there was some grass, but in some places, there wasn't any grass. There was a big barn, and inside the barn, there were so many chickens. My mom was there with us at the farm, and the chickens had some little baby chickens. Baby chickens are yellow, and they were so cute.

I looked at the little baby chickens and asked my mom, whose name was Ema, if we could bring the little baby yellow chickens home. My mom said no because chickens are a lot of work to take care of if you don't have a chicken coop, a cage to put them in, and you don't know how to feed them. But I told my mom they were so cute, little, and yellow, and I would be in charge of taking care of them. Finally, my mom agreed, and we asked the farmer if we could buy three of the little yellow chickens. The farmer said okay, and we brought the three little yellow chickens home in the car with us.

I took an egg crate, which is like a blue box that has a lot of holes in it, and I put it upside down, saying the chicken could live here in this crate until we get a proper cage for it. I said that I would feed it, and I kept it outside on the porch of my house. To get to the porch, you would have to open two big glass doors. When I kept it outside, I saw there was a stray kitty cat that was outside. The kitty cat was looking at those chickens like it wanted to eat them. But I didn't want the kitty cat to eat the chickens, so I kept an eye on the kitty cat, and the kitty cat saw me looking at it and then disappeared.

I went outside to check on the chickens and saw that the kitty cat had snuck all the way around the side of the porch, past the glass doors where I couldn't see because it was at an angle. The kitty cat went all the way around and tried to sneak into the special egg crate box where the chickens were, and I had to make the kitty cat go away.

Well, it was definitely time to build a cage. The summer was over, and we moved to our different house, which was in New York in the Bronx. We had a little tiny front yard near a driveway that went downhill. By that little front yard, there was a patch of dirt. I spent some time building a bigger wooden cage by putting together some wood with hammers and nails and making a really good crate for the chickens to stay in. At this time, the chickens were getting bigger, and they weren't so yellow anymore. They were turning into a regular white chicken color. The chickens were so happy in their new cage, and I gave them food and water.

One day I woke up and saw that one of the chickens was missing and that something had dug under the crate, managing to sneak one of the chickens, and that was a raccoon. I didn't want any sneaky raccoons to take the chickens, so I dug a big pit all the way around the chicken cage that I built, and there was a ditch all around it. I filled up that ditch with water so that there would be a moat because I thought the raccoons wouldn't want to get all wet and swim in the water, and then they definitely wouldn't want to get the chickens.

The next day, I woke up, and the chickens were gone, and there were chicken bones. I was so sad because I thought there was no way the raccoons would get past the special moat that I built into the chicken cage. I told my mom and dad that we would have to bury the chicken bones, and my parents said okay. They asked where I was going to bury them. At that time, I had a little sister who was two years old, and her name was Shawnee. She wore diapers, and I said we were going to use one of Shawnee's new diapers to put the bones in. I was going to dig a little grave for the chicken bones and put them in the diaper, and I was going to bury the chicken bones in the diaper under the ground.

I dug a hole in the ground, and my street had a little patch of dirt in the middle of the street, and cars went on either side of the dirt. It was like an island of dirt in the middle of the street. I dug a hole and put the diaper with the chicken bones in the hole, and then I put some dirt on top of it and said goodbye to those chickens, which I loved so much.

Many years later, when I was a grown-up, I went back to that place to see if it was still there. When I went back to that little island of dirt in the middle of the street, there were all sorts of trees that had grown there, and there were all sorts of bushes that had grown there. The diaper with the chicken bones was definitely not there anymore.

That is the story from when I was a kid of the time when I went to a farm during the summer and convinced my mom to let me get some cute little yellow chickens. Unfortunately, raccoons got them, and I had to bury them. I lived happily ever after, and I'm still alive. The end.