Yiddi. Diana. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Alexis. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Tonight's Makeup Story is actually not a makeup story. It's a story from when I was a kid because my kids asked me today to tell them a story from when I was their age, a long time ago, when I was seven years old. And it was the summertime, I went to a camp with a bunch of other kids and we used to play a lot of games in the camp, like dodgeball, where you throw a ball. And there was also color war. And sometimes we made arts and crafts using glue and Popsicle sticks and pipe cleaners, and it was a lot of fun. We even got to go swimming so many times. One day, my camp went to a farm to go visit because it was almost the end of the summer. And at the farm, there were some horses that were behind a tall wooden fence, and there was also some big giant cows, and there were kitty cats that lived there. And the ground was kind of wet and muddy, and there was some grass, but in some places there wasn't any grass. And there was a big barn. And inside the barn, there were so many chickens. And my mom was there with us at the farm, and the chickens had some little baby chickens. And baby chickens are yellow, and they were so cute. And I looked at the little baby chickens and I asked my mom, I said her name was EMA. I said, EMA, can we bring the little baby yellow chickens home? And my mom was like, no, that is not a good idea, because chickens are a lot of work to take care of sometimes if you don't have, like, a chicken coop, a cage to put them in, and you don't know how to feed them. But I told my mom, I said, look, they are so cute. They're like little and yellow, and I'll be in charge of taking care of them. And finally my mom said, okay. And so we asked the farmer if we could buy three of the little yellow chickens. And the farmer said, okay. And so we brought the three little yellow chickens home in the car with us. And I took an egg crate, which is like a blue box that has a lot of holes in it, and I put it upside down, and I said the chicken could live here in this crate until we get a proper cage for it. And I said that I would feed it. And I kept it outside on the porch of my house. And to get to the porch, you would have to open two big glass doors. And when I kept it outside, I saw there was a stray kitty cat that was outside. And the kitty cat was looking at those chickens like he wanted to eat them. But I didn't want the kitty cat to eat the chickens. And so I kept an eye on the kitty cat, and the kitty cat saw me looking at it, and then it disappeared. And then I was wondering, where did the kitty cat go? And I went outside to check on the chickens, and I saw that it snuck all the way around the side of the porch, past the glass doors where I couldn't see because it was at an angle. And the kitty cat went all the way around, and it was trying to sneak into the special egg crate box where the chickens were, and I had to make the kitty cat go away. Well, it was definitely time to build a cage. And so the summer was over, and we moved to our different house, which was in New York in the Bronx. And we had a little tiny front yard which was near a driveway that went downhill. And by that little front yard, there was kind of a patch of dirt. And I spent some time building, like a bigger wooden cage by putting together some wood with some hammers and nails and making a really good crate for the chickens to stay in. And at this time, the chickens were getting bigger, and they weren't so yellow anymore. They were turning to be regular white chicken color. And the chickens were so happy in their new cage, and I gave them food, and I gave them water. And one day I woke up and I saw that one of the chickens was missing and that there was something that dug under the crate, and it managed to sneak one of the chickens, and that was a raccoon. And I was like, I can't have a sneaky raccoon take the chickens. And there were even some of the chicken bones left, and I didn't want any sneaky raccoons to take the chickens. And so I dug a big pit all the way around the chicken cage that I built, and there was kind of a ditch all around it. And then I filled up that ditch with water so that there would be a moat, because I thought the raccoons wouldn't want to have to get all wet and swim in the water, and then they definitely wouldn't want to get the chickens. And then I went to sleep that night, and I was pretty sure that the raccoons would not be able to get the chickens. The next day, I woke up, and guess what? The chickens were gone, and they were chicken bones. And I was so sad because I thought there was no way the raccoons would get past the special moat that I built into the chicken cage. And so I told my mom and my dad that we would have to bury the chicken bones, and my parents said okay, and they asked where I was going to bury it. And at that time, I had a little sister who was like two years old, and she wore diapers. And I told my parents that we were going to use one of my sister's name was Shawnee, and I said we were going to use one of Shawnee's diapers that was new, not an old diaper. And we were going to put the bones in the diaper. And then I was going to dig a little grave for the chicken bones and put it in the diaper, and I was going to bury the chicken bones in the diaper under the ground. And that's what I did. I dug a hole in the ground, and my street had this little kind of patch of dirt in middle of the street, and cars went on either side of the dirt. It was like an island of dirt in the middle of the street. And I dug a hole, and I put the diaper with the chicken bones in the hole, and then I put some dirt on top of it, and I said goodbye to those chickens, which I loved so much. And many years later, when I was a grown up, I went back to that place to see if that was still there. And when I went back to that little island of dirt in the middle of the street, guess what? There were all sorts of trees that had grown there. There were all sorts of bushes that had grown there. And that diaper with the chicken bones was definitely not there anymore. And that is the story from when I was a kid of the time when I went to a farm during the summer and convinced my mom, is this actually real? Yeah, that's actually a real story. And I convinced my mom to let me get some cute little yellow chickens, and unfortunately, raccoons got them and I had to bury them. I was alive the second time and it was gone. I can't believe at that time there was a bunch of trees just in that pump time that raccoon just drank all of the water and just dug in. Yeah, I think maybe what I learned from that is raccoons are not afraid of water. They could go swim, and I think the raccoon just swam past the moat. But in any event, after that, I grew up, and now I'm a grown up and I have kids and maybe so good at jumping. Yeah, raccoons could also be good at jumping over winter. And I lived happily ever after. And I'm still alive. The end. I don't thanks for listening to Makeup Stories. My name is Urias. Go to makeup stories.com to join the club. Tell your friends.