Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl named Wilder. Wilder grew up in a desert with so much sand. There were big pipes going from this desert to all the different sandboxes in the world. Some pipes filled up sand for one sandbox, and a different pipe filled up sand for another sandbox. But there was still so much sand in the desert.

There was enough sand in the desert where Wilder lived to fill up every other sandbox in the world. So Wilder had an idea. She decided to write messages in the sand that would go in the pipes. These messages would travel with the sand through the pipes all the way to playgrounds in New Zealand and the rest of the world. When kids in other sandboxes played, they would find Wilder's messages and see what she wrote.

One day, Wilder wrote a message on a little piece of paper using some letters she knew. She folded it up and put it in the sand next to a pipe that brought sand to different kids' playgrounds in sandboxes. Wilder watched as her little letter went into the pipe. How did she know it was going to New Zealand? Because the pipe had a picture of the country's flag. Each pipe had a picture of the flag of the country it was sending sand to.

Wilder's message said, "I want some magic stuff to come back to the desert where I live." Then she went back home, walking past green cactuses. She noticed there weren't many animals because the desert was so dry. Wilder knew camels lived in the desert, and she saw lots of them because people used camels to get around instead of cars. When people did use cars, they needed four-wheel drive or Jeeps or monster trucks because regular cars couldn't drive well in the desert where Wilder lived.

When Wilder got back to her house, which was a big sandcastle with cement on it so it wouldn't fall down, her mom was there. Wilder's mom asked her what she did that day, and Wilder told her about the secret message asking for magic. Her mom said she was proud of her.

That night, while Wilder was eating dinner with her family, she heard a spooky sound outside. It sounded like a frog, but instead of saying "ribbit, ribbit," it said, "spooky, spooky." Wilder thought it might be because of the magic note she left. Her mom suggested they hold hands and go to the front door to see what it was. They opened the door and saw a big blue genie.

The genie looked like it was made of smoke, not having a real body, bones, or skin. Wilder and her mom confirmed this was Wilder's house, and the genie said he was a nice genie who lived in a country where only genies were allowed. He explained that a baby genie found Wilder's note in a sandbox and gave it to a grown-up genie, who decided to bring some magic things to Wilder.

Wilder asked the genie if he was really nice, and he said he was. The genie held out his hands and told Wilder to guess which hand held a secret. Wilder guessed the right hand, and the genie opened it to reveal a magic sweater. Then Wilder chose the left hand and found a magic, glow-in-the-dark bracelet that could make rainbows in the dark.

Wilder was so happy and asked the genie if he wanted to have a disco ball dance party in her desert house with her mom. The genie agreed but was worried about getting thirsty in the dry desert. Wilder assured him not to worry, and they started the dance party. When Wilder put on her magic bracelet, she gained dance power, making her an amazing dancer. Everyone was impressed and clapped for a long time.

Then Wilder tried on her magic sweater and stepped outside. She looked at the sunny desert with so much sand and no rain. With her magic sweater, she said, "I want it to rain." Rain clouds formed, and it started to rain, giving the desert plants water to grow. The genie was so happy.

Wilder thanked the genie for the gifts and said she would leave more messages in the sand for other sandboxes. Wilder and her family lived happily ever after. The end.