Welcome to make depth stories. My name is Wilder. Make Depth Stories is the best podcast ever. Thank you. Tell your friends about it. Hi, my name is Wilder and I live in Nelson, New Zealand. And my birthday is on March. I'm turning five years old and I would like a story about a magic sweater and some mermaid and a magic bracelet. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Wilder who lives in Nelson, New Zealand, and who turned five years old last week on March 29. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Wilder. Happy birthday, Wilder. And Wilder asked for us to make up a story that includes a magic sweater, a magic bracelet, and mermaids. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl whose name was Wilder. Wilder grew up in a desert where there was so much sand. And there were big pipes going from this desert to all the different sandboxes in the world. And some of the pipes would fill up some sand for one sandbox and a different pipe would fill up sand for a different sandbox. But there was still so much sand in the desert. Guys, I once saw sandbox pipeline. Cool bud. There was so much sand in the desert that Wilder lived in that there was enough sand to fill up every other sandbox in the world. And so Wilder had an idea. She decided she would write some messages in the sand that would go in the pipes. And then those messages would go with the sand through the pipes all the way to the other playgrounds in New Zealand and the rest of the world. And then when the kids in the other sandboxes would be playing, they would find Wilder's messages and they would see what she wrote. Well, one day, Wilder wrote a message on a little piece of paper using some of the letters that she knew. And Wilder put the letter, she folded it up and she put it down in some sand right next to a pipe that brought sand to different kids playgrounds in the sandboxes. And Wilder watched as the little letter that she wrote. How do Wilder know that that was the one to New Zealand? Because the pipe had a picture of the country's flag. Whichever country the sand was going to to fill up the sandboxes in the playgrounds of that country, there would be a picture of that country's flag. Well, Wilder wrote a message that said, I want some magic stuff to come back to the desert where I live. And then she went back home to walk past some green cactuses. And she also saw that there wasn't so many animals because the desert was so dry when Wilder I thought camels live. Yes. And Wilder did see that there were a lot of camels because people use camels in this desert to get around instead of cars. And when people did use cars. It was so important that those cars had four wheel drive or were Jeeps or monster trucks because regular cars would not drive so well in the desert where Wilder lived. Well, Wilder got back to her house and when Wilder got back to her desert house which was a big sandcastle but they put some cement on it so it wouldn't fall down. When Wilder got back to her sandcastle cement house her mom was there. And Wilder's mom said, what did you do today, Wilder? And Wilder told her mom that she left a secret message asking for some magic. And Wilder's mom told Wilder that she was so proud of her. That night, while Wilder was eating dinner with her family and having some yummy food which included chicken and which included some French fries and also a yummy dessert with cookie and with whipped cream Wilder heard a spooky sound outside. It sounded a little bit like a frog but instead of saying Ribbot, ribbot the spooky sound said, Spooky, spooky. And Wilder said to her mom mom maybe that's because of the magic note that I left that went to the other side of the world. And Wilder's mom told Wilder that they should go hold hands and go to the front door to see what it was. And Wilder held her mom's hand and they walked to the front door together. And they opened the front door and they saw that there was a big genie. The genie was the color of blue. And the genie looked like you could he didn't look like he was hard to touch. He looked like it was more like smoke or something that you could put your hand through. So the genie didn't have, like, a real body. It was just, like kind of like smoky stuff but it didn't smell like smoke. And it was the color blue and it made the shape of a genie body but it had no bones and no skin. And Wilder saw the genie, and the genie said, Is this Wilder's house? And Wilder and her mom said that it was. And the genie said that he was a nice genie. And the genie said that he lived in a country where there were only genies allowed. And the genie said that it was a genie dada and that the genie dada was playing at a sandbox with his baby genie. And the baby genie found a note in the sandbox. And the baby genie wasn't able to read. So the baby genie gave the note to the daddad genie. And the grown up genie opened up the note and saw that it was from Wilder in Nelson, New Zealand. And the grownup genie decided he needed to bring some magic things to Wilder. So Wilder asked the genie if he was such a nice genie. And the genie said that he was. And the genie said, in my hands I have something secret. You have to guess which hand. And then the genie put out two hands, his right hand and his left hand. And he said, Guess which one it is. And guess which one. Wilder guessed. What? Which one do you think she guessed but the right hand or the left hand? Right. Yes. You were right, bud. She guessed the right hand. And the Genie opened up the right hand. And do you know what there was? What? A magic sweater. And the Genie said, Because you guessed the right hand, you get this magic sweater. And Wilder said, Yay, but what does it do? And the Genie said, you'll find out soon. First choose the other hand. And then Wilder said, okay, I choose the left hand. And do you know what Wilder saw when she opened up that hand? What? A magic bracelet. And the bracelet was glow in the dark. And the bracelet was so glow in the dark that it even kind of made different color flashlights in the dark. And it can make rainbows in the dark. What's your question, bud? My question is well, this is something I have to tell you. The thing I have to tell you is, like a week ago, we got this disco ball. Yeah, that's a fun thing. Wilder was really happy because one of the things that happened when you put on the magic bracelet is a disco ball came. So Wilder asked the Genie if the genie wanted to have a disco ball dance party in her desert house with her mom. And the genie said, okay. But it was so dry in the desert and it hadn't rained in so long so he was worried he might get thirsty after. And Wilder said, don't worry. And then she turned on the disco ball and she put on her magic bracelet. And as she put on her magic bracelet, Wilder got dance power. And if you get dance power, that means you could dance like you're an acrobat and a ninja and a ballerina and a gymnast and also a monkey dance at the same time. The magic bracelet makes you such a good dancer that it looks like three people are dancing in the silliest kind of dance ever. And everyone has to laugh and say, that's such a good dance. So Wilder showed everyone her magic dance. And the Genie and Wilder's mom and Wilder's dad were so impressed. And they clapped for so long. They clapped for so long their hands got kind of wrinkly because they clapped so much. And then Wilder said, this kind of button? Yeah, like that button. And Wilder said, okay, now I'm going to try on my magic sweater. And Wilder put on her magic sweater and she stepped outside and looked at the sunny desert where there was so much sand and no rain. And she said, with my magic sweater, I'm going to change the weather. And she said, I want it to rain. And Wilder looked up in the sky. And Wilder saw that there were some rain clouds that started to form. And then Wilder said, Time to fall down, rain. And just as she said that, there was a little kaboom of thunder and the rain started to fall down in the desert to give all the desert plants something to grow on. And the genie was so happy. So Wilder told the genie, thank you for the gifts. And she told the genie she's going to leave other messages in the sand to go to sandboxes also. And Wilder and her family lived happily ever after. The End I'm Leo and thanks for listening to my duck stops.