Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived in a house in Wanica, New Zealand. Next to their house, there was a big tree. The tree grew out of the ground and had branches, but there were no leaves on it. There was a little hole in the middle of the tree, and you could tell that there used to be a beehive right by that hole. However, bees didn't go next to that hole anymore because all of the bees went away and were replaced by bee ghosts. 

Bee ghosts are a type of ghost that's so little, it's about the size of a bee. Bee ghosts are white and they also fly. They could turn invisible, so it's hard to see them. But if you ever hear buzzing and you can't find a bee, then it could have been one of these bee ghosts. Jonah and Jesse used to hear the noise around the tree, but they could never see any of these ghosts. The only time you could see bee ghosts is when it's foggy. 

One day, it was foggy, and they looked next to the tree and saw all of the bee ghosts carrying some big straws. Jesse told Jonah, his dad, and his mom that they should follow where the bee ghosts were carrying the straws. So they all put on their pajamas and started to follow the ghosts through the clouds. They saw that the ghosts were going uphill and that at the top of the hill, there was a little amusement park that was so little, it was like for chipmunks. 

The amusement park had a lot of special rides. The first ride just looked like a hole. You had to line up and give your ticket to a big bird. The bird checked your ticket and said, "Squawk, squawk," if your ticket said you could go. Then you would go to the hole, and you had to put your feet in the hole. If you wanted, you could hold your mom's hand or your dad's hand. Then, right when you were in the hole, the hole would bounce up and shoot the kid up into the air. The kid would get a parachute and fall back down slowly. As the kid was going down, the bee ghosts would buzz around the kid in a circle and help him float up.

Jesse didn't want to try the ride first, so he asked his big brother Jonah to go. Jonah bravely stepped into the hole. The bird in charge said, "Ready, set, go!" and pressed the button. But instead of Jonah going up in the air, by accident, the hole got bigger, and Jonah went down the hole. Jesse was like, "Guys, how are we going to even get Jonah?" They looked and couldn't find Jonah anywhere. 

So Jesse said, "Mommy, Daddy, I have an idea. How about we ask the ghosts? Because maybe the ghosts could fly down to where Jonah is and they could go get him." They agreed that it was a good idea. Jonah and Jesse tried to call to each other, Jonah from the bottom of the hole and Jesse on the top. But it was too hard to hear each other because the hole was so deep. 

Jesse finally got some honey. He saw that there was a honey stand and got a jar of honey. All of the bee ghosts went right next to Jesse. Jesse told them that they had to listen. The bees stopped buzzing and started listening to Jesse. Jesse opened up the jar of honey and said that he would give the bee ghosts some of the honey if they went down the hole and helped catch Jonah and fly him up to the top. The bees looked at the honey, and it looked so yummy to them. Some of the bees even wanted to have it right away. But Jesse said that they had to wait their turn. Then all of the bees said, "We'll get Jonah." The bees started to fly down the hole.

When they got to the bottom, they saw Jonah in his pajamas. They started holding up the shoulder part of the pajamas, the sleeves, and the legs, and they flew Jonah out of the hole. When Jonah got to the top of the hole, he said, "Guys, you'll never believe what was there." Jesse asked, "What was down there?" Jonah said, "There's a whole kingdom under the ground. The kingdom under the ground is really spectacular. It's full of princes and princesses, kings and queens, and all kinds of robots. The robots there do whatever people tell them to do, and they can even do magic."

Jonah said that there was a kind of magic robot that, if you asked it to, could make the kingdom that was underground go in the sky. It could go so far in the sky that it could go all the way in the middle of a cloud. Jesse said that was impossible because Jonah was under the ground. How could that go in the sky? But Jonah showed Jesse that he saved up some of the magic that was underground. Jonah showed Jesse his shoe, which still had a little bit of the magic dust because that's the part that was touching the underground kingdom. Jesse looked at the magic dust on Jonah's shoe, and he saw that the magic dust was really sparkly. Jesse asked if he could touch it, and Jonah said yes.

So Jesse touched the magic dust. When Jesse touched it, do you know what happened? Jesse turned into a bee, Jonah turned into a bee, and their parents turned into bees. The whole family turned into really big ghost bees. Jesse was able to fly all over. Jonah even flew through that tree that was the big mystery in the first place. He saw the hole in the tree. When he got closer to the hole, Jonah got smaller and smaller. Jesse also started flying into the hole, and he got smaller and smaller. 

Finally, they got to the inside of the tree. Inside the tree, they were really surprised to find a piece of the sun. There was a little piece of the sun that got separated from the rest of the sun. It wasn't so hot because it was just a teensy little piece, but it lit up the whole inside of the tree. That little piece of the sun wasn't so hot since it was a little piece, but it was enough to light up the inside of the tree. That is also what gave the bees their ghost powers and could turn them invisible.

Jesse decided to take out a teensy part of that speck of the sun. Jonah and Jesse each took one part out of the tree. When they got out of the tree, they wanted to know how to become people again. Jesse had an idea that they should stand next to a person statue. Jesse and Jonah started flying all the way to the end of the amusement park at the top of the hill, where they saw statues of people. Jesse went on one statue, and Jonah went on another statue. Their parents went on other statues. They touched the magic dust that was on Jonah's shoe and also held up a little piece of the sun. 

Suddenly, Jesse turned into a Jesse person again, and Jonah turned into a Jonah person again. They were riding horses because the statues they were next to were statues of people riding horses. Jesse and Jonah rode horses with their parents all the way past the amusement park until they finally got home. When they got home, Jesse told everyone that he wanted to be a person forever and not a ghost bee. Jesse, Jonah, and their parents lived happily ever after. The end.