Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup toys. My name is Birdie. I live in Des Moines, Iowa state. Makeup Toys is the best podcast ever. Way tonight's makeup story is for Jonah and Jesse. And we don't know what it's going to be about yet. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse lived in a house in Wanica, New Zealand. And next to their house, there was a big tree. The tree grew out of the ground and it had branches, but there were no leaves on it. There was a little hole in middle of the tree. And you can tell that there used to be a beehive right by that hole. But bees didn't go next to that hole anymore because all of the bees went away and they were replaced by bee ghosts. Bee ghosts is a type of ghost that's so little, it's about the size of a bee. And bee ghosts are white and they also fly. They could turn invisible, so it's hard to see them. But if you ever hear buzzing and you can't find a bee, then it could have been one of these bee ghosts. Jonah and Jesse used to hear the noise around the tree, but they could never see any of these ghosts. The only time you could see bee ghosts is when it's foggy. And one day it was foggy and they looked next to the tree and they saw all of the beagos were carrying some big straws. And Jesse told Jonah and his dad and his mom that they should go follow where the beaghots were carrying the straws. And so they all put on their pajamas and they started to follow the ghosts through the clouds. And they saw that the ghosts were going uphill and that at the top of the hill there was a little amusement park that was so little, it was like for Chipmunks. And the amusement park had a lot of special rides. The first ride just looked like a hole. You had to line up and give your ticket to a big bird. And the bird checked your ticket and said, squuck, squuck. If your ticket said you could go, and then you would go to the hole, and you had to put your feet in the hole. And if you wanted, you could hold your mom's hand or your dad's hand. And then right when you were in the hole, the hole would bounce up and it would shoot the kid up into the air. And then the kid would get a parachute and fall back down slowly. And as the kid was going down, what would happen is the bees that were ghosts, they would buzz around the kid in a circle and help him float up. Well, Jesse didn't want to try the ride first, so he asked his big brother Jonah to go. And Jonah bravely stepped in the hole. And the bird that was in charge said, Ready, set, go. And the bird pressed the button, but instead of Jonah going up in the air by accident, the hole got bigger. And Jonah went down the hole. And Jesse was like, guys, how are we going to even get Jonah? And we looked and we couldn't find Jonah anywhere. And so Jesse said mommy, Daddy, I have an idea. How about we ask the ghosts? Because maybe the ghosts could fly down to where Jonah is and they could go get him. And Steve said that that was a good idea. So Jonah and Jesse tried to call to each other, jonah from the bottom of the hole and Jesse on the top. But it was too hard to hear each other because the hole was so deep. And Jesse finally got some honey. He saw that there was a honey stand and so he got a jar of honey. And all of the bee ghosts went right next to Jesse. And Jesse told them that they had to listen. And the bees stopped to buzz and they all started to listen to Jesse. And Jesse opened up the jar of honey. And Jesse said that he'll give the bee ghosts some of the honey if they went down the hole. And they started to help catch Jonah and fly him up to the top. And the bees looked at the honey and it looked so yummy to them. And some of the bees, they even wanted to have it right away. But Jesse said that they had to wait their turn. And then all of the bees said, we'll get Jonah. And the bees started to fly down the hole. And when they got to the bottom, they saw Jonah in his pajamas and they started holding up like the shoulder part of the pajamas, the sleeves and the legs, and they flew Jonah out of the hole. When Jonah got to the top of the hole, jonah said, guys, you'll never believe what was there. And Jesse said, what was down there? And Jonah said, there's a whole kingdom under the ground. And the kingdom under the ground is really spectacular. The kingdom under the ground is full of princes and princesses. It's full of kings and queens. And there's all kinds of robots. And the robots there do whatever people tell them to do. And they could even do magic. Jonah said that there was a kind of magic robot that if you asked it to, it could make the kingdom that was underground go in the sky. And it could go so far in the sky, it could go all the way in the middle of a cloud. And Jesse said that was impossible because Jonah was under the ground. How could that go in the sky? But Jonah showed Jesse that he saved up some of the magic that was underground. And Jonah showed Jesse his shoe. And his shoe still had a little bit of the magic dust because that's the part that was touching the underground kingdom. And Jesse looked at the magic dust on Jonah's shoe, and he saw that the magic dust was really sparkly. And Jesse asked if he could touch it, and Jonah said yes. So Jesse touched the magic dust. And when Jesse touched it, do you know what happened? Jesse turned into a bee, and Jonah turned into a bee, and Steve turned into a bee, and Amanda turned into a bee. And the whole family turned into really big ghost bees. And then Jesse was able to fly all over. And Jonah even flew through that tree. That was the big mystery in the first place. And he saw the hole in the tree. And when he got closer to the hole, jonah got smaller and smaller, and Jesse also started flying in the hole, and he got smaller and smaller. And finally they got to the inside of the tree. And inside of the tree, they were really surprised to find a piece of the sun. There was a little piece of the sun that got separated from the rest of the sun. And it wasn't so hot because it was just a teensy little piece, but it lit up the whole inside of the tree. And that little piece of the sun, that was it wasn't so hot since it was a little piece, but it was enough to light up the inside of the tree. That is also what gave the bees their ghost powers and could turn them invisible. And so Jesse decided to take out a teensy part of that speck of the sun. And Jonah and Jesse each took one part out of the tree. And when they got out of the tree, they wanted to know how to become people again. So Jesse had an idea that they should stand next to a person statue. And Jesse and Jonah started and flying all the way to the end of the amusement park at the top of the hill where they saw statues of people. And Jesse went on one statue and Jonah went on another statue, and their parents went on other statues, and they touched the magic dust, and that was on Jonah's shoe. And they also held up a little piece of the sun. And then suddenly Jesse turned into a Jesse person again, and Jonah turned into a Jonah person again. And they were riding horses because the statues that they were next to were statues of people riding horses. And Jesse and Jonah rode horses with their parents, Steve and Amanda, all the way past the amusement park until they finally got home. And when they got home, jesse told everyone that he wanted to be a person forever and not a ghost. Be and Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end of night. Oh yeah. Thank you, silver Kings to my cup stories. My name is DA go to mycupstallings.com join the club. Hello, friends.