Will I welcome to makeup stories. Tonight's makeup story is about king Jonah's kingdom. King Jonah was a six year old king who ruled magical kingdom where houses would float on balloons, people could be carried by butterflies. There were kids who would drive power wheels through the streets. There were beanstalks that growed to the sky where that grew to the sky. And there were also troll bridges and trees that grew golden and silver and green leaves in king Jonah's kingdom, there were unicorns and there were wizards, and there were also fire hydrants which made rainbows come out of the fire hoses. Well, one day king Jonah was waking up and he was getting ready for breakfast when the general and came up to him. And the general was Babaloo, a big bear. And Babalu the general told king Jonah that there were a lot of new babies that were going to be born. And king Jonah told Babalu there were no moms and dads or grownups. So how could the babies be born? And Babalu the general told king Jonah that in this kingdom, all of the babies were born in eggs. And when a baby was ready to be born, it would kind of do some soft like kicks and hits on the inside of the egg and the egg would crack and then the baby would come out. And because there were no grownups, when the baby would come out, there would be a big kid that would help the baby out of the egg and start to help the baby like eat and poop and that kind of stuff. Because the kids in King Jonah's Kingdom had to take care of the babies that came out of the eggs. Now some eggs had baby boys and some eggs had baby girls, and there were all sorts of different color eggs that the kids came in. There were pink eggs and there were blue eggs. And all of the kids who were in the kingdom once came out of the eggs themselves, even king Jonah. The eggs came from different kingdoms around the world. Some of the kingdoms around the world had lots of moms, some of them had lots of dads, and some of them had both. And the moms and dads from different kingdoms would ship their eggs all the way to king Jonah's kingdom. And the way they shipped in those days was by eagles. There were so many eagles that would carry things through the air from kingdom to kingdom. And the eagles would carry the blue and rainbow colored eggs all the way to king Jonah's kingdom, and they would drop them off in nests. And the nests at king Jonah's kingdom were specially prepared by the kids. It wasn't bird nests because these eggs were for people and the kids would make all kinds of nets nests. Well, king Jonah told all of the kids in his kingdom, nobody was ever allowed to have eggs for breakfast because if people had eggs for breakfast. King Jonah was worried that maybe by accident they might eat like a little person egg that was like incy weency because the egg just started. And so nobody in King Jonah's kingdom was able to have like scrambled eggs for breakfast or anything like that because they had to be careful about which eggs they ate. Instead, kids got to have waffles or pancakes or Cheerios or Lucky Charms with milk in this kingdom. And they could also have bacon, but just no eggs. Well, King Jonah was supervising the birthing process as he saw all of the eggs start to crack and new little babies come out of their eggs when suddenly it started to lightning, blue lightning in the sky in King Jonah's kingdom. And the lightning came through the sky and one of the pieces of blue lightning turned into a rock candy and it came all the way down from the sky and it was like a blue kind of sugar rock candy. And it went right onto King Jonah. And when it touched King Jonah, king Jonah got into a laughing spell and suddenly he would start to laugh and he couldn't get out of the laughing spell. And King Jonah was trying to tell Bob Blue, his general, that he needed some help, but all King Jonah could say was and Bablu the general couldn't help Jonah because he was laughing too much and he couldn't talk. So Jonah, the king kept laughing because the rock candy that came from the lightning that came from the sky was a magical piece of rock candy and it turned him into a laughing spell and he couldn't talk. And so King Jonah had to think of an idea for what he could do. And King Jonah decided to get up and he decided to walk all the way out of his palace through the streets to the forest because he had an idea that he would go visit the troll. And as Jonah walked through the streets, all he could say was yi. And all of the people in his kingdom were like, why is that king laughing? Why is that king laughing? And they thought it was silly. And so they started laughing and saying Ha. He too. But really they didn't know that King Jonah was in trouble because the rock candy made him laugh so much. And all he could say was, yeah. And all of the people still thought it was funny. But King Jonah didn't want people to laugh with him because he wasn't laughing on purpose. It was the magical spell from the lightning rock candy that came from the sky that made him laugh. So King Jonah walked all the way to the forest and as he got to the troll by the troll bridge, king Jonah couldn't talk to the troll. All he could say was and the troll didn't know what King Jonah wanted and the troll couldn't help king jonah. So King Jonah had an idea. King Jonah decided that he would climb on the tree by himself. And he started to climb the magical tree next to the troll bridge. And as King Jonah was climbing, he kept saying, yes, that work on me. And he started to say, that stuff doesn't work on me. Because as he started climbing the magical tree higher and higher, he started to touch some of the rainbow colored leaves on the tree. And the rainbow colored leaves made the laughing spell go away. And so King Jonah was able to talk regular again. And King Jonah went down from the tree and he told the troll that he was able to get the rainbow colored leaf by himself, even though he had to laugh the whole time. And the troll said, it's so good that you could talk regular again because I didn't know what you wanted. And king Jonah said he was proud of himself for going up the tree and getting the rainbow colored leaf all by himself. Well, King Jonah went back through the streets of his kingdom and this time there were groups of butterflies that started to fly on top of him in lines. And the butterflies were marching on either side of king Jonah, flying through the air on top of his shoulders. And king Jonah was not laughing anymore. King Jonah was back to supervising. Yeah, he and everyone was saying yay, but this time they were just pretending. And king Jonah welcomed some new kids to the world as more eggs hatched. And King Jonah and all of the kids lived happily ever after. The end.