Once upon a time, there was a little boy named Benji. Benji was learning to walk, and he had red hair and freckles on his face. He lived in the rainforest, and he didn't have any shoes. One day, he was walking around near some trees in the rainforest, and he tripped over a small rock. He fell down and started to cry. Just as he started to cry, he said, "WA." Do you know what something else said back to him? It said "WA." Benji looked up, and do you know what he saw? It was a parrot. The parrot was copying him. So Benji stopped crying and said hello. The parrot said hello. He showed his mama and his dad, and they said, "This is a really good parrot. Let's keep this parrot and bring it to our hut in the jungle. We'll take care of the parrot and always give it food, and it will copy what we say." Benji picked up the colorful parrot, and they went back to their hut. They didn't make a cage for it; they just kept the windows closed so the parrot wouldn't go out.

A hut is like a little house, and sometimes it's made out of straw, and sometimes it's made out of wood, and usually, it's not so big. To make straw into a house, they use a different kind of straw that looks like tall grass. They tie it together into bundles, and then they take ropes and weave it together. They'll put one part of the rope over and one part of the rope under until it's tied tightly. Then they'll put the walls on top of each other, and that's how they can make a hut or a house out of straw.

Well, Benji was home, and the parrot was growing because every day, Benji would find some worms. He would dig them up by looking under rocks and give the worms to the parrot. Benji's dad used to always say things in the house that the parrot would repeat. When the parrot would go close to Benji's dad, it would say, "Go away. I'm a person." The parrot would start repeating, "Go away, I'm a person." The parrot got bigger and bigger until Benji eventually stopped being a toddler and became three, then four, and finally five.

When Benji was five, his parents told him that they were going to take a boat to go on a faraway lake. They were going to look for some frogs. Benji said, "Okay," and he decided to bring a net so that he could catch the frogs. His parents also decided to bring some corn so that they could use it as bait to catch frogs. They got in their boat and brought some oars to row the boat. They started going down the stream all the way to the lake.

When they got to the lake in the middle of the jungle, there was tall grass all around it, and there were monkeys making sounds. There was even the sound of a leopard that was far away. But Benji's parents told him that he didn't have to worry about it because the leopard wasn't close by. As they were rowing, there was a big wind. The big wind caused the boat to tip over, and Benji, his dad, the parrot, and Benji's mom all fell into the water. The parrot could fly away, so it flew on top of the water, so it didn't have to stay in.

Just as they fell into the water, there was a snapping turtle that came up to Benji. Snapping turtles have small mouths, but they're big enough to snap your finger. Benji was worried that the snapping turtle would snap his finger, but he didn't know what to do because he wasn't a good enough swimmer to swim away from a snapping turtle, as turtles are really good swimmers. He thought maybe the turtle thought he was a turtle because he was in the water. But do you know what happened? The parrot came to the rescue. Just as the snapping turtle was about to snap right next to Benji, the parrot said, "Go away. I'm a person." The turtle got scared and went away.

Just then, Benji's dad came to Benji, picked him up, and put him in the boat. He then helped Benji's mom get back in the boat. All of them were all wet, and the dad even had some seaweed on him. They were happy to be back on the boat. Benji's mom helped take the seaweed off the dad, which was all over his hair. After they got it off, Benji told his dad, "Dad, you forgot about the leaf which is covering your eye." Benji helped his dad get the leaf off his eye.

They were going in the boat, rowing and rowing, when suddenly they saw something big and slippery come out of the lake and get a jaguar. It was an anaconda. The anaconda had heard the jaguar so far away, but it knew that it was getting closer. An anaconda is a big snake that could squeeze so hard, even harder than the dad could squeeze. When the jaguar came close, the anaconda turned around it and squeezed it and squeezed it until the jaguar couldn't get away. But just before it ate the jaguar, the parrot came to the rescue and went right in front of the anaconda and said, "Go away. I'm a person." The anaconda got scared, let go of the jaguar, and slipped back into the lake.

The parrot had saved the day two times. The parrot went back in the boat, and Benji's dad and mom rowed the boat all the way away from that lake. As they were rowing away, they put down some corn. Some turtles came, and Benji remembered his net. He made sure to have his net, not catch a turtle, but only to catch a frog, which was trying to eat the corn. Finally, Benji got a frog in his net, which he usually used to catch butterflies, and put the frog in the boat and brought the frog all the way back to his house.

The parrot was so happy to have a frog as a friend, and the parrot and the frog lived happily ever after. The frog said "ribbit." Do you know what the parrot learned to say? The parrot copied the frog and started saying, "Ribbit," too. Whenever the parrot would say "ribbit," Benji would say, "Silly parrot, you're not a frog." And then do you know what the parrot would say back? "Silly parrot, you're not a frog," even though he was a parrot. And so Benji, the parrot, the frog, and his parents lived happily ever after. The end.