So wanna make up to be about a parrot? Yes. A snapping turtle? Yes. An anaconda? Yes. Once upon a time there was a toddler whose name was Benji. And Benji was learning to walk and he had red hair and freckles on his face. And he lived in the rainforest and end he didn't have any shoes. And one day he was walking around near some trees in the rainforest and he tripped over a little rock. He fell down and started to cry. And just as he started to cry, he said, WA. And do you know what something else said back to him? It said WA. And Benji looked up and do you know what he saw? It was a parrot. And the parrot was copying him. So Benji stopped crying and said hello. And the parrot said hello. And he showed his mama and his dad, and his mama and his dad said, this is a really good parrot. And so let's keep this parrot and bring it to our hut in the jungle. And we'll raise the parrot and we'll always give it food and then it will copy what we say. And Benji picked up this colorful parrot and they went back to their hut and they didn't make a cage for it. They just kept the windows closed so the parrot wouldn't go out. A hut is like a little house, and sometimes it's made out of like straw and sometimes it's made out of wood, and usually it's not so big. How do people make straw into a house? That is such a good question. To make straw into a house? Well, first they don't use the kind of straws that are used to drink things. It's a different kind of straw that looks like tall grass. And what they do is they tie it together into bushels. And bushels are like a lot of pieces of straw. And then they take ropes and weave it together. So they'll put one part of the rope over and one part of the rope under until it's tied so tightly. And then they'll put it as walls on top of each other. And that's how they can make a hut or a house out of straw. Well, Benji was home and the parrot was getting bigger because every day Benji would get some worms. She would dig up by looking under rocks and give the worms to the parrot. And Benji's dadda used to always say things in the house that the parrot would repeat. And when the parrot would go so close to Benji's dad, benji's dad, it would say, go away. I'm a person. And the parrot would start repeating, go away, I'm a person. And the parrot got bigger and bigger until Benji eventually stopped being a toddler and became three, and then four and finally five. When Benji was five, his parents told him that they were going to take a boat to go on a faraway lake. And when they got in that faraway lake, they were going to look for some frogs. Well, then she said, okay, and he decided to bring a net so that he could catch the frogs. And his parents also decided to bring some corn so that they could use it as bait to catch frogs. Well, they got in their boat and they brought some oars to row the boat. And they started going down the stream all the way to the lake. When they got to the lake in middle of the jungle, there was tall grass all around it, and there were monkeys making sounds like and there was even the sound of a leopard that was far away. But Benji's parents told them that he didn't have to worry about it because the leopard wasn't close by. Well, as they were rowing, there was a big wind. And the big wind caused the boat to tip over. And Benji and his dad and the parrot, which they had brought with them and Benji's mama, all fell into the water. And just as they fell, because the parrot could fly away and the parrot flew on top of the water so it didn't have to stay in. And just as they fell into the water, there was a snapping turtle that came up to Benji, and he started to snapping turtles have teen t mouse, but they're big enough to snap your finger. Yes. And so Benji was worried that the snapping turtle would snap his finger, but he didn't know what to do because he wasn't a good enough swimmer to swim away from a snapping turtle, because turtles are really good swimmers. So he thought maybe the turtle thought that he was a turtle because he was in the water. But do you know what happened? The parrot came to the rescue. And just as the turtle, the stabbing turtle was about to stamp right next to Benji, the parrot said, go away. I'm a person. And the turtle got scared and went away. Just then, Benji's dad came to Benji and picked him up and put him in the boat and then helped Benji's mama get back in the boat. All of them were all wet, and the dad even had some seaweed on him. And they were isn't that silly? But they were happy to be back on the boat. And so Benji's mom helped take the seaweed off of the dad, which was all over his hair. And after they got it off, Benji told his dad, dad, you forgot about the leaf which is covering your eye. And Benji helped his dad get the leaf off of his eye. And they were going in the boat, rowing and rowing and rowing, when suddenly they saw something big and slippery come out of the lake and get a jaguar. And do you know what it was? An anaconda. The anaconda had heard the jaguar so far away, but it knew that it was getting closer and so an anaconda is a big snake that could squeeze so hard, even harder than the dad could squeeze. And when the jaguar came close, the anaconda turned around it and squeezed it and squeezed it and squeezed it until the jaguar couldn't get away. But just before it ate the jaguar, the parrot came to the rescue and went right in front of the anaconda and said, go away. I'm a person. And the anaconda got scared and let go of the jaguar and then slipped back into the lake. How would he think? Because I think that the parrot liked to say that a lot because it used to hear the dad say it, and parrots like to copy. Well, the parrot had saved the day two times. And so the parrot went back in the boat, and Benji's dad and mom rode the boat all the way away from that lake. And as they were rowing it away, they put down some corn. And do you know what happened? Some turtles came. And Benji remembered his net. So just as some froggies and turtles were coming, he made sure to have his net, not catch a turtle, but only to catch a frog, which was trying to eat the corn. Finally, Benji got a frog in his net, which he usually used to catch butterflies, and put the frog in the boat and brought the frog all the way back to his house. Well, the parrot was so happy to have a frog as a friend, and the parrot and the frog lived? Yes. And the frog said ribbon. Do you know what the parrot learned to say? What? The parrot copied the frog, and the parrot started saying, ribbon, too. And whenever the parrot would say ribbot, benji would say, silly parrot, you're not a frog. And then do you know what the parrot would say? Back, silly parrot. You're not a frog, even though he was a parrot. And so Benji and the parrot and the froggy and his parents lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. If you want me to make up a special story for you, then tell me three special things you want to be in the story and your name and write a review. I'll make up special story just for.