Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Natalie. It was Natalie's birthday, and she knew that for her birthday, she was going to get a surprise in the mail. But she didn't know what the surprise was. So soon, when the delivery man came and rang the doorbell, Natalie opened up the door and saw a box. Natalie brought the box inside, and her mom used a butter knife to open it. After Natalie's mom opened the box, Natalie saw that there was something with gift wrapping inside. Natalie asked her mom if she could open the present, and her mom said okay. So Natalie used her fingers to tear the gift wrapping off the present, and what she found inside looked like a green glow-in-the-dark lamp. The green glow-in-the-dark lamp had a clock on it, and it was kind of like an alarm clock. If the color changed from green to red, it meant that it was morning time.

Natalie decided to try out the glow-in-the-dark lamp clock while it was nighttime and see if it woke her up in the morning. So she put on her pajamas, and her mom told her a story. Natalie went to bed that night with her new glow-in-the-dark lamp clock. While she was sleeping, the lamp clock changed colors, and it was no longer green and glow-in-the-dark, but it turned to a rainbow color, and it woke Natalie up. She saw that all the lights in the house also turned into rainbow lights, and it was like disco lights all over her house were making different colors. The different colors were moving on the walls of Natalie's house, and she saw that there were a lot of other kids in her house. Natalie didn't know that other kids were allowed in her house during the night, and all of the kids were wearing different costumes.

There was one girl dressed up as Princess Elsa and another dressed up as Princess Anna. There were some kids who were dressed up as doggies, and there were some kids who were dressed up as firemen, and there were others who were dressed as construction workers. In Natalie's house, the disco lights with their various colors were making colors on the wall, and all of the kids said, "We want a party! We want a party!" Suddenly, as they said, "We want a party," one of the kids blew a trumpet, and it was time for the party to begin.

So all of the kids in Natalie's house said, "Natalie, where's your costume?" Natalie saw that she also had a princess costume and a princess dress that was hidden under her bed. When she looked at the costume, which was a princess dress and princess crown, it went on her body automatically. When the disco ball was on, all kids knew how to put on their clothing by themselves, and they didn't even need help from grown-ups. But do you know what else? Natalie was walking around the house, and the other kids were walking around the house, and they saw grown-ups. The grown-ups were acting like babies. The grown-ups were drinking bottles of milk, they had sippy cups, and some of them were in strollers. And do you know who was pushing the grown-ups in the strollers? Kids in costumes.

This was very surprising. So Natalie said to one of her friends, who was dressed up as a monkey, "Monkey friend, are kids in charge when the disco ball that the lamp clock made comes?" And Natalie's friend, the monkey, said, "Kids are in charge." Natalie realized that grown-ups, when the disco lamp went like this, had to listen to kids. So she looked around for her mom, and Natalie saw that her mom was talking with her dad in the kitchen, and they were in the middle of making some icky, yucky, no-good, very bad, old carrot peel soup. Carrots are yummy, but carrot peels are not so yummy. So Natalie said to her mom and her dad, "Time for you guys to make cupcakes with cream on top and frosting." Natalie's mom asked, "Do we have to listen?" And Natalie said, "Yes," because she was wearing a princess gown and a princess crown. So Natalie's mom and dad said, "Okay," and they started to bake some special cake and cupcakes for Natalie and all of the kids who were in her house.

It wasn't just Natalie's parents that had to listen to her; all of the grown-ups in the whole world had to listen to the kids who were in costume. But do you know what happened? The lamp started changing colors, and it went to glow-in-the-dark again. When it went to glow-in-the-dark again, the disco balls went away, and all of the kids in their costumes said they had to leave. But Natalie was still wearing her princess costume, and she still had her princess crown. So she went back to her bed with her princess crown and princess costume on. Natalie said that she wanted the lamp clock to change colors back to rainbow color again, but it was getting late, and it was the green color again, and she fell back to sleep a little bit.

But one thing very special happened while she was sleeping. While Natalie was sleeping and none of the kids who were dressed up in costumes and having a party were in the house, the cake that she had told her parents to start making started to come out of the oven by itself, and it got wheels on the bottom of the cake, and it became a car cake. The car cake was able to drive all by itself, and it drove through the hallway in Natalie's house, and it drove all the way to her bedroom. The car cake tried to get up onto Natalie's bed to deliver the cake to her, but it wasn't so easy. Natalie woke up a little bit so she could see the car cake, and when she woke up a little bit, she saw that the lamp clock turned a new color. It turned gold, which meant a unicorn would come.

So the unicorn came into Natalie's room because the car cake had opened the door. The unicorn said, "Natalie, it's a good thing that you have this special new lamp clock which changes colors, because unicorns love to eat cake. Maybe you and I could share some cake, and then a different night, if we need your parents to bake more cake, we could just change the disco light on the lamp clock." Natalie said that was a good idea. So she and the unicorn shared some of the yummy car cake. The next morning, Natalie woke up again, and she told her parents that she had a fun fifth birthday because she did so many special things with costumes, dance parties, kids being in charge, a cake that turned into a car, and a unicorn that liked to eat the cake. Natalie's mom said she was so proud of her, and Natalie and her parents lived happily ever after. The end.