Welcome to make stories. My name is Kiara. Make stories is the best podcast ever. Tell all your friends. My name is Natalie. I am four years old, and I am from Minnesota. I want to request a story about a lamp in the clock in a unicorn. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old girl whose name is Natalie and who actually is not four years old anymore because today is her birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. And she's turning five. So we want to say happy birthday to Natalie. And Natalie lives in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and Natalie asked for us to make up a story that includes a lamp, a clock, and a unicorn. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Natalie. It was Natalie's birthday. And Natalie knew that for her birthday, she was going to get a surprise in the mail. But she didn't know what the surprise was. So soon when the delivery man came and ringed the bell, rang the doorbell, and it went ding dong. Natalie opened up the door, and she saw it was a box. Natalie brought the box inside, and Natalie's mom used a butter knife to open up the box. After Natalie's mom opened up the box, natalie saw that there was something with gift wrapping inside. And Natalie asked her mom if she could open up the present. Natalie's mom said, okay. So natalie used her fingers to tear the gift wrapping off of the present, and what she found inside looked like a green glow in the dark lamp. And the green go in the dark lamp had a clock on it, and it was kind of like an alarm clock. If the color changed from green to red, it meant that it was morning time. And so Natalie decided that she would try out the glow in the dark lamp clock while it was nighttime and to see if it woke her up in the morning time. So Natalie put on her pajamas, and Natalie's mom told her a story. And natalie went to bed that night with her nice new glow in the dark lamp clock. Well, while Natalie was sleeping, the lamp clock changed colors, and it was no longer green and glow in the dark, but it turned to a rainbow color, and it woke Natalie up. And Natalie saw that all of the lights in the whole house also turned into rainbow lights. And it was like disco lights all over her house were making different colors, and the different colors were moving on the walls of Natalie's house. And natalie saw that there were a lot of other kids in her house, and natalie didn't know that other kids were allowed in her house during the night. And all of the kids that were in Natalie's house were wearing different costumes. There was one girl who was dressed up as princess Elsa and another dressed up as Princess Anna. There were some kids who were dressed up as doggies, and there were some kids who were dressed up as firemen, and there were others who were dressed as construction workers. And in Natalie's house, the disco lights with their various colors were making colors on the wall. And all of the kids said, we want a party. We want a party. And suddenly, as they said, we want a party, one of the kids blew a trumpet. And the trumpet made a sound like and it was time for the party to begin. So all of the kids in Natalie's house said, natalie, where's your costume? Where's your costume? And Natalie saw that she also had a princess costume and a princess dress that was hidden under her bed. And when she looked at the costume, which was a princess dress and princess crown, it went on Natalie's body automatically. When the disco ball was on, do you know what happened? Buds. All kids knew how to put on their clothing by themselves. And they didn't even need help from grown ups. But do you know what else? What? Natalie was walking around the house, and the other kids were walking around the house, and they saw grownups. And do you know what? The grownups were acting like babies. The grownups were drinking bottles of milk. The grownups had sippy cups. The grownups, some of them were in strollers. And do you know who was pushing the grownups in the strollers? Kids in costumes. And this was very surprising. So Natalie said to one of her friends, who is dressed up as a monkey, she said, Monkey friend, are kids in charge with the disco ball that the lamp clock made come? And Natalie's friend, the monkey, said, kids are in charge. And Natalie realized that grownups, when the disco lamp went like this, grownups had to listen to kids. So she looked around for her mom, and Natalie saw that her mom was talking with her dad in the kitchen, and they were in middle of making some icky. Yucky. No good. Very bad. Old carrot peel soup and carrots are yummy, but carrot peels are not so yummy. So Natalie said to her mom and her dad, time for you guys to make cupcakes with cream on top and frosting. And Natalie's mom said, do we have to listen? And Natalie said, yes, because Natalie was wearing a princess gown and a princess crown. So Natalie's mom and dad said, okay. And they started to bake some special cake and cupcake for Natalie and for all of the kids who were in Natalie's house. And it wasn't just Natalie's parents that had to listen to Natalie. All of the grownups in the whole world had to listen to the kids who were in costume. But do you know what happened? What? The lamp started changing colors, and it went to glow in the dark again. And when it went to glow in the dark again. The disco balls went away, and all of the kids in their costumes said they had to leave. But Natalie was still wearing her princess costume, and Natalie still had her princess crown. So she went back to her bed with her princess crown and princess costume on. And Natalie said that she wanted the lamp clock to change colors back to rainbow color again, but it was getting late, and it was the green color again, and Natalie fell back to sleep a little bit. But one thing very special happened while she was sleeping. While Natalie was sleeping and none of the kids who were dressed up in costumes and having a party were in the house, the cake that Natalie told her parents to start making started to come out of the oven by itself, and it got wheels on the bottom of the cake, and it became a car cake. And the car cake was able to drive all by itself, and it drove through the hallway in Natalie's house, and it drove all the way to Natalie's bedroom. And the car cake did deliver it to Natalie. Yeah. The car cake tried to get up onto Natalie's bed to deliver the cake to Natalie, but it wasn't so easy. And Natalie woke up a little bit so she could see the car cake. And when she woke up a little bit, she saw that the lamp clock turned a new color. It turned gold. That medium disco and not disco. Yeah, and when it's gold, it's medium disco and not disco, and it means a unicorn comes. So the unicorn came into Natalie's room because the car door, the car cake had opened the door. The unicorn came into Natalie's room and said, natalie, it's a good thing that you have this special new lamp clock which changes colors, because unicorns love to eat cake. And maybe me and you could share some cake and then a different night, if we need your parents to cook more cake to bake more cake, we could just change the disco light on on the lamp clock. And Natalie said that was a good idea. So she and the unicorn shared some of the yummy car cake. And then the next morning, Natalie woke up again, and she told her parents that she had a fun fifth birthday because she did so many special things with costumes and dance parties and kids being in charge and a cake that turned into a car and a unicorn that liked to eat the cake. And so Natalie's mom said she was so proud of her, and Natalie and her parents lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. If your birthday is in February or March and you want me to make up a story for you, then go to the Makeup Stories Facebook page@facebook.com makeup stories, and follow the instructions for how to submit a story. Thanks for listening.