Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Anaya. Anaya was a magical princess with blue hair. She also had magical nails that always had beautiful designs on them. Whenever Anaya wanted to change her nail designs, she simply placed her hands under her magic cuddly blanket, and when she lifted her hands, the designs changed!

People from all over the world knew about Princess Anaya and wanted to visit her in Ontario, Canada, to see her perform her magical tricks. Buses came from the North and South Poles, and boats arrived from faraway places. Everyone wanted to see Anaya's special magic shows.

Anaya's magic shows were unique because she started with puppets or toy animals. During the show, you could choose an animal, and Anaya would make it come alive! Sometimes, girls from the South Pole would ask for a penguin, and Anaya would use her magic blanket and say, "Abracadabra!" to turn a penguin puppet into a real penguin.

All of the animals Anaya created had their own magic powers. They could paint their nails any color they wanted and had rainbow-colored teeth that glowed in the dark. These magical teeth didn't need a toothbrush; they just needed a little button on top of their lip to release magic toothpaste that tasted like cupcakes and cleaned their teeth.

Anaya was famous all over the world. There were posters with her picture, stories about her, and songs written in her honor. Even in the jungle, magical animals that used to be puppets roamed around with their magic nail polish and magic teeth.

One day, a girl from a city on the other side of the world visited Anaya. This girl looked different because her feet were on backward, and she had 17 fingers on each hand. She told Anaya that she was born with magic powers too. She couldn't make nail polish appear on her nails, but she could use her special fingers and backward feet to do magical things, like making footprints of any animal she wanted.

The girl was in charge of treasure hunts in a country called Manhulia. There, they had grand celebrations with flags, banners, and magical animals like golden deer, unicorns, and zebras. But the girl had lost track of these magical animals and needed Anaya's help to find them.

Anaya and the girl held hands, placed their feet together, and made a wish for the golden deer, unicorn, and zebra to appear. They closed their eyes and saw colors, fireworks, and stars. When they opened their eyes, the animals weren't there, but their clothes had changed into pajamas with pictures of deer, unicorns, and zebras.

Anaya suggested they sleep in their special pajamas, and during the night, the animals would come to life and have an adventure. The girl with 17 fingers agreed, and they slept at Anaya's house. As they slept, the deer, zebra, and unicorn came to life and danced around their bed.

When Anaya and her friend woke up the next day, their world was even more magical, and they lived happily ever after. The end.