Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Anaya. Anaya was born a magical princess, and her hair was the color of blue. Anaya also had magical nails. She didn't even have to paint her nails, but they always had nail polished designs. And whenever Anaya wanted to change the designs on her nails, all she had to do was put them under her magic cuddly blanket. And after she lifted up her hands again, then her nail polish would change. People from around the world knew about Princess Naya, and they always wanted to go to be in Ontario, Canada, and to see if she could do any of her princess magic tricks with any of them. And so there was a bus that would go from the North Pole and another bus that would come up from the South Pole. There were boats that would come, and all sorts of people around the whole world would come to Anaya's house because they all wanted to see her special magic shows. Anaiah's magic shows were really special because when she started her magic shows, she would just start with, like, puppets or fake animals. And Anaya's magic show was really special because during her magic show, you could choose what kind of animal you wanted, and she would make it come alive. So sometimes there were girls who would come over from the South Pole, and the girls would say, Anaya, can you make a penguin? And Anaya would have, like, a penguin puppet, and she would put it under her magic blanket, and then she would say, Abrah cadabra. And she would pick up her blanket, and it would turn into a real penguin. And all of the animals that Anaya made also had their own kinds of magic powers. They all had nail polish power so that they could paint their nails, whatever kinds of colors they wanted. And all of the animals that Anaya created also had magic teeth. The teeth on all of the animals that Anaya created with her magic show were rainbow colored teeth, and they can also glow in the dark. And the rainbow colored glow in the dark teeth that Anaya's animals had were really fun because you didn't have to put toothbrush on those teeth to brush them. When it was time for toothbrush and toothpaste, all you had to do was press a little button on top of your lip, and then do you know what would happen, bud? No. What would happen is out of the rainbow colored teeth would come a little bit of magic toothpaste. The magic toothpaste was kind of cupcake flavored, and even though it had sugar in it, it would still clean kids teeth. And grownups didn't have to put a real toothbrush in their mouths. And so Anaya told all of the kids who came to visit her house about the magic teeth power. And then all of the kids told their parents they didn't need to brush teeth anymore. They were just going to press the button on top of their lip and use their rainbow colored teeth to stay clean. Anaya was a huge celebrity, famous across the world. There were posters that had her picture on it. People would tell stories about her. There were songs written about Anaya. And from faraway places, there were birds that would carry messages about Anaya's magical powers. Even in the jungle, there were special kinds of animals that used to be puppets and used to be pretend. And those animals would walk magically around the jungle with their magic nail polish and magic teeth. But one day, there was a girl who came from a city on the other side of the world, and the girl who came to Ania's house looked a little bit different because her feet were on backwards. And the girl had 17 fingers on each of her hands. The girl's hands were kind of round, and the fingers went all around in a circle for each hand so that she could pick lots of different things up at once. And if there was a doorknob, she could put all of her fingers around the doorknob. She kind of had almost like, octopus fingers, but instead of eight tentacles, there were 17. And the girl came up to Anaya, and the girl told Anaya that she was born with magic powers, too, and she couldn't make nail polish go on her nails. But her magic power was she could use her special fingers and her backwards feet to do magical things. Like, for example, if the girl put shoes on her backwards feet and then she walked, she could make a print of whatever she wanted, like she could make it look like a lion walked there, or bear or unicorn prints. And the girl from the other side of the world told Anaya that she was in charge of treasure hunts in a country called Manhulia. In Manhulia, there were lots of flags and banners that would be waved by horses and by unicorns during treasure hunt days. And there would be a golden deer and there would be a unicorn and there would be a zebra, and they were all friends. And the golden deer and the zebra and the unicorn, said the girl with 17 fingers. They were in charge of all of the celebrations. But there was a problem, because the girl with all of those fingers lost track of where the golden zebra and the golden deer and the unicorn were located. They were missing. The girl told Anaya that she needed her magic help because if they combined their powers, then they would be superpower. And so Anaya held the girl's hands with her own hands, and she put her frontwards feet on top of the girl's backwards feet, and they lifted their hands up, and they looked towards the sky. And then they started to make a wish. And the wish that they made was that the golden deer and the golden unicorn and the golden zebra would all appear. And they held hands, and they concentrated with all of their might. And they closed their eyes as they were looking at the sky, and they saw, when their eyes were closed, kind of colors and fireworks and stars racing about. And there were some things that would float that looked kind of like white dots. And when they opened their eyes, they looked, and there was no deer and there was no unicorn and there was no zebra. But then the girl told Anaya that she had an idea. She walked with Anaya to a mirror, and Anaya and the girl looked in the mirror, and they saw that suddenly their clothing had changed, and they were wearing pajamas that had pictures of deers and unicorns and zebras. So Anaya told the girl that they would go to sleep that night with their special pajamas. And during the night, the zebra and the unicorn and the deer would crawl off of the pajamas and have a special adventure. And the girl with all of the fingers said that that was a good idea. That night, she slept over at Anaiah's house. And while they slept, the deer and the zebra and the unicorn all came off of their pajamas, and they turned alive, and they started to dance around the bed while Anaya and her friend were sleeping. And when they woke up the next day, their whole world was magical, and Anaya and her friend lived happily ever after. The end.