Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Hannah. Hannah loved playing outside with her friends, and one day, they dug a big hole in the mud. At the bottom of the hole, Hannah discovered some gold! She picked up the gold and showed it to her parents. When they saw the gold, they said, "Hannah, that is real gold. You did such a good job. I wonder if it's magic." Hannah looked closely at the gold, and noticed that it was shiny in the light. She told her parents she wasn't sure if it was regular gold or magical gold.

Hannah's friends suggested, "Hey, Hannah, should we test it out?" Hannah agreed, but they needed an idea. Hannah's mom had one! She had heard about a new kind of pudding called fairy pudding. It was similar to rainbow pudding or unicorn pudding. Fairy pudding tasted like chocolate pudding, but when you mixed it with a colorful straw, rainbow sprinkles appeared!

Hannah, her friends, and her mom went to the store to find the fairy pudding. They searched everywhere but couldn't find it. They saw regular chocolate pudding and yogurt pudding, but no fairy pudding. Hannah asked her mom to ask the store owner if they had any secret fairy pudding. The store owner said he could only reveal the secret if they had some gold. Hannah showed him the gold, and it started to glitter. A little bit of the gold seemed to float out of her hand, hinting that it might be magical. The store owner agreed to show them where he kept the fairy pudding.

He led them to the back of the store, behind the apples, where a secret freezer was hidden. Inside the freezer was a treasure box that looked like it was made of graham crackers. The store owner used a special gumball key to open the box, revealing a tiny bit of fairy pudding.

Hannah thought the fairy pudding looked very small and asked her mom if it was worth two golds. Her mom said they should give the store owner two pieces of gold since they had found so much. The store owner handed Hannah the little spoonful of fairy pudding.

Hannah's mom suggested they wait until they got home to eat the fairy pudding. On the way home, Hannah noticed the fairy pudding changing shape. It started as a ball but turned into a mountain-shaped pile. Hannah told her mom, who thought she was imagining it, but Hannah knew the fairy pudding was really growing.

When they got home, Hannah lifted the spoonful of fairy pudding and pretended it was an airplane flying into her mouth. As soon as she tasted it, her whole tummy felt yummy, and she felt faster and more acrobatic. She even felt like she could jump to the ceiling! Hannah started flapping her arms and found she could fly a little bit, just like a real fairy.

Hannah closed her eyes and imagined her house turning into a rocket ship, flying to a green planet on the other side of the sun. There, she met a small green creature named Yoda, who told her she was now a fairy. Hannah explored the green planet and saw many strange aliens, like soccer balls with arms, gooey upside-down wheels, and dancing aliens who only danced upside down.

Hannah opened her eyes and found herself back in her house in Tennessee. She still had some fairy pudding left, so she decided to save it for another day. Hannah and her family lived happily ever after. The end.