Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Audrey. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Hi. My name is Hair. I live in Tennessee, and my birthday today, and I'm six years old. And I always a story about a baby yoda alien. And I say I thank you. I love you. Three dummy night. I love you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Hannah who lives in Tennessee and who turns six years old in March. And so we want to wish a belated happy Birthday to Hannah. Happy Birthday. And Hannah asked for us to make up a story that includes a baby yoda. Yoda is kind of like a little green person that talks silly. And Hannah also asked for there to be a fairy in the story and also an alien. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Hannah. Hannah was playing outside so much, she and her friends had dug a big hole in the mud. And in the bottom of the hole, Hannah saw that there was some gold. So Hannah picked up the gold from out of the ground, and she brought it inside to show her parents. When Hannah's parents saw the gold that Hannah found in the dirt in the little hole that she dug in the dirt, her parents said, Hannah, that is real gold. You did such a good job. I wonder if it's magic. And Hannah looked closely at the gold, and she saw that if you put it in the light, it was kind of shiny. And she told her parents that she wasn't sure if it was regular gold or magical gold. Hannah's friends said, hey, Hannah, should we test it out? And Hannah said, yes, but what should we do? And Hannah's mom had an idea. Hannah's mom said that she heard that in the store, there was a new kind of pudding called fairy pudding. And fairy pudding was a little bit like rainbow pudding or unicorn pudding. The way fairy pudding worked is it tastes a lot like chocolate pudding, so it's very yummy. But for fairy pudding to work, it comes with a kind of colorful straw, and you get to mix up the pudding. And then after you mix it up, some rainbow colored sprinkles start to appear in the pudding. And so Hannah decided to go to the store, and she looked all around for the fairy pudding with her friends and with Hannah's mom. But they couldn't find the fairy pudding anywhere in the store. They saw regular chocolate pudding. They even saw a yogurt pudding, but they didn't find the fairy pudding. So Hannah told her mom to ask the person who is in charge of the store if they had any secret fairy pudding. And the person said, I'm not allowed to tell people this secret. The only way I could tell is if you have some gold. And Hannah told her mom that they should show the store owner the kind of gold that they have. And the store owner said, okay, let me see it. And Hannah took some out of her pocket, and it started to glitter. And the gold, a little bit of the gold looked like it almost floated out of her hand. And that was a clue that the gold was magical. And the store owner saw that it might be magical gold. So he said that he would show Hannah and Hannah's parents where he kept the fairy pudding. He told Hannah and Hannah's parents to follow him to the back of the store. Behind the apples, there was a secret freezer. And in the freezer it said, do not Open. The store owner opened the freezer that said, do not Open. And inside there was a treasure box. The treasure box looked like it was made out of graham crackers, but it also had a hard lock on it, and you couldn't just bite it to open it. The man picked up the treasure box and he started using a special secret key, which was made out of gumballs. And he put the key in the treasure box, and the treasure box opened. And inside the treasure box was a teensy tiny bit of fairy pudding. The fairy pudding was so small, it looked like it was just maybe like a spoonful. And Hannah was like, that's it, there's so little fairy pudding. And the store owner told Hannah, that's going to cost two magic golds. And Hannah looked at the fairy pudding, and it looked very small. It didn't look so special when you first looked at the fairy pudding. And Hannah asked her mom, is the fairy pudding really worth two golds? And Hannah's mom said that because they had so much that they found, they should give the store owner two pieces of gold. And the store owner said, Here you go. And he gave Hannah the little spoonful of fairy pudding that was in the treasure box that was in the freezer that was in the back of the store, hidden behind the apples. And Hannah's mom told Hannah, how about we don't eat the fairy pudding until we get home? And so Hannah went in her car seat, and Hannah's mom drove Hannah all the way back to their house. And Hannah looked at the fairy pudding the whole time. And when she looked at the fairy pudding, she could see it was kind of changing shape a little bit. Like, first it looked like kind of like a ball of fairy pudding that was on the spoon. But then it started to turn into maybe like a kind of pile or like a triangle, mountain shaped little fairy pudding. And Hannah told her mom, I think the fairy pudding is changing shapes. And Hannah's mom said, I think you're probably just imagining it. But Hannah knew she wasn't imagining it. It was hard for grownups to see, but the fairy pudding was really getting bigger. Hannah finally got to her house, and her mom helped her get out of the car seat, which she was almost able to do by herself, and sometimes she was able to. And she went in her house, and she lifted up the spoonful of fairy pudding, and she opened up her mouth, and Hannah held up the spoon with her right hand, and she started whizzing it close to her mouth like it was an airplane. And the spoon was going and getting closer and closer to Hannah's mouth until Hannah opened up her mouth and licked the yummy fairy pudding. Right away, Hannah could feel that it felt kind of yummy in her mouth. It didn't feel like just a little bit of pudding right when Hannah ate the pudding, her whole tummy turned into yummy feeling. And Hannah could feel that she was starting to get faster and more acrobatic. And Hannah was looking up, and she felt like she could jump all the way to the ceiling after just having a teensy bit of the fairy pudding. And Hannah started to flap her arms, and she saw that she was able to fly a little bit, just like a real fairy, but even just by flapping her arms, she didn't even need wings because she could flap her arms that fast. And Hannah closed her eyes, and she saw that her house was turning into a rocket ship and that the light bulbs that she could see in the ceiling were turning into stars in outer space and that the fan that was turning around and around on her ceiling was turning into a big rocket engine. And Hannah was becoming an outer space ferry. And she was able to go all the way to a green planet that was far away on the other side of the sun. The green planet was a planet where a person named Yoda lived. Yoda was very small, even though he was a grown up. And Yoda had a green face and green feet, and he held a cane, and sometimes he talked backward, backwards. And he said to Hannah, A fairy, I see you are. And Hannah said, Wait, what does that mean? Does that mean I'm a fairy? And Yoda said, Indeed, yes, a fairy you now are. And Hannah said that that meant that she was a fairy. And she looked all around the green planet, and she saw there were so many aliens. And some of the aliens looked like soccer balls with lots of arms. And some of the aliens looked like power wheels with wheels that were upside down and made out of goo. And there were different kinds of aliens that looked like they were made of water. And the aliens that were made of water had silly kinds of eyes that were kind of flashlight eyes. And there were all kinds of dancing aliens. The dancing aliens only loved to dance upside down, and they would walk on their hands and do jumps on their hands, and they could even climb a tree upside down. Hannah opened her eyes again, and she saw that she was back in her house in Tennessee. And she opened up her mouth and she saw that the fairy pudding was still there. So she took it out and she decided she would try some another day. And Hannah and her family lived happily ever after. The end.