Once upon a time, there was a big girl named Summer. Summer loved to play, but her favorite thing of all was to bake cookies and cake. One day, she was so happy because she looked in the fridge and saw some cookie dough. She told her mom that they should bake some cookies and have a cookie sale outside their house. Anyone who came by could have a cookie if they gave Summer a quarter. Her mom thought it was a good idea.

So they put three cookies in the oven and baked them. They turned on the oven light so Summer could see inside. Summer watched as the cookies baked until the oven made a sound. Her mom opened the oven and took out the cookies. And guess what happened? The three cookies turned into 21 cookies! That's so many cookies! Her mom told Summer to wait for the cookies to cool down a bit.

Summer decided to put on a princess dress for her cookie sale. She went to her room, got her princess dress, and put it on. Her mom also suggested using a magic wand. Summer said she didn't have a magic wand, but her mom showed her that someone had left one in the mailbox for her. So Summer got the magic wand, and her mom helped her carry the cookies outside for the sale.

When they got outside, there was nobody on the street. Summer asked her mom why nobody wanted cookies. Her mom didn't know. They also noticed that the sky wasn't its normal blue color; it looked like the ocean. Summer thought maybe people were afraid the ocean would rain down on them, so they stayed inside. Her mom agreed and went to get a princess umbrella with Elsa on it.

As they continued their cookie sale, they heard buzzing. Summer looked up and saw that it wasn't bees, but fairies! The fairies had see-through butterfly wings and princess dresses. They told Summer they smelled cookies and wanted some. Summer agreed to give the fairies cookies, so she gave them three.

The fairies asked Summer if she wanted to go to Fairyland with them. Summer asked her mom, who said it was okay. Just then, Summer's friend Jesse came by with a Power Wheels toy car. Jesse wanted a cookie, and Summer said she could have one if she let her ride in the Power Wheels someday. Jesse agreed, and they both got in the Power Wheels.

The fairies said they would carry the Power Wheels to Fairyland. They picked it up, flapped their wings, and flew up to the sky, where the ocean-like sky was. When they got close, they saw it wasn't really the ocean; it was more like Jello. The fairies explained that in Fairyland, the streets were made of Jello, and Power Wheels could drive on them.

In Fairyland, they saw fairy castles made of graham crackers with lollipop roofs and chocolate boats on Jello rivers. The rivers and oceans were made of melted chocolate, and everything twinkled like stars. There were magnifying glasses and houses made of Lucky Charms cereal. The fairies loved to do special dances.

But there was a problem in Fairyland: a thunderstorm caused all the fairies to lose their wings. Summer and Jesse wondered how they could help since they were stuck in the sky. One fairy suggested calling astronauts, but there were no phones or walkie-talkies in the sky.

Summer had an idea: maybe chocolate chip cookies could help the fairies grow their wings back. The fairies lined up in front of the Power Wheels, and Summer and Jesse handed out cookies. As each fairy took a bite, their wings grew back! They were so happy and grateful that they welcomed Summer and Jesse to Fairyland anytime.

It was getting late, so the fairies helped Summer and Jesse go back to their houses. Summer and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they'll like it!