Once upon a time, there was a big girl whose name was Summer. Summer loved to play, but her favorite thing of all was to bake cookies and cake. One day, she was so happy because she looked in the fridge, and she saw that there was some cookie dough. And so she told her mom that they should bake some cookies and that she would have a cookie sale outside of her house, and whoever came by could have a cookie if they gave Summer a quarter. And her mom said that was a good idea. So they put three cookies in the oven, and they baked them, and they turned on the light in the oven so Summer could see inside the oven. And Summer was able to see as the cookies were baking in the oven until the oven made a sound that went, and her mama opened the oven and took out the cookies. And do you know what happened? The three cookies turned into 21 cookies. That is so many cookies. And her mom took them out of the oven and told Summer she needed to wait for the cookies to cool down a little bit. And Summer decided that she would put on a princess dress to have her cookie sale. So she went in her room and got her princess dress and put it on. And her mom also said that they should use a magic wand. And Summer said, but I don't have any magic wand. And her mom showed her that in the mailbox that day, somebody had left a magic wand for her. So Summer opened up the mailbox, and she saw there was a magic wand. So she had her princess dress and her magic wand, and her mom helped her carry the cookies outside for her cookie sale. When she got outside, she saw that there was nobody on the street, and she said to her mom, mom, why doesn't anybody want to be here to have some cookies? Because I'll give people cookies if they just give me a quarter. And her mom said, I don't know. And also, she looked outside at the sky, and the sky was not its normal blue color. The sky instead looked like the ocean. Now, the ocean is usually on bottom, and the sky is on top. And if the ocean were on top and the sky were on bottom, yeah, it would just fall down. But it looked like there was something holding up the ocean in the sky. And so Summer said, Maybe people aren't coming to the cookie sale because they're afraid the whole ocean would rain down on them, and that's why they're not here. And Summer's mom said, Well, I've never seen a sky that has an ocean in it before. We better get our umbrella. So she went back inside and got a princess umbrella that had Princess Elsa on it. They went back outside to continue their cookie sale, and they heard some buzzing. It sounded like some bees going. But when Summer looked up, she saw that it wasn't bees, it was fairies. And the fairies had little see-through butterfly wings, and they all had princess dresses on. And all of the fairies told Summer, summer, we smelled some cookies, and fairies love cookies, so we wanted to come get some cookies. And Summer said well, okay. Fairies can have cookies also. And she let the fairies have some cookies, and then she so Summer let them have three cookies. Yes. So Summer let the fairies have three cookies. And then the fairies asked Summer if she wanted to go with the fairies to a fairyland, and Summer asked her mom if it was okay. And her mom said okay. And Jesse was a friend of Summers who was walking along the street and was walking next to a Power Wheels. And Jesse said, oh, I see a cookie sale. Can I have a cookie? And Summer said to Jesse, yeah, if you let me go on a ride in the Power Wheels one day, then you can have a cookie. And Jesse said that Summer could have a ride in the Power Wheels that day. So Summer said okay. And Summer went in the Power Wheels with Jesse, and all of the fairies said, okay, we're going to pick up the Power Wheels and we're going to fly to Fairyland. And Summer. And Jesse said, Yay. So the fairies picked up the Power Wheels and flapped their fairy wings and went all the way up to the sky, where it looked like there was the ocean. When they got really close, they saw that it wasn't really the ocean in the sky. It was more like something that looked like Jello. Jello is kind of like chocolate pudding, and it's very yummy. Yeah. And the fairy said, Summer, in the fairyland, all of the streets are made of Jello, and Power Wheels can even go on the Jello. So it's good that you and Jesse brought a Power Wheels. And Summer said yay. So they got on top of the Jello, and they saw that there were fairy castles, and fairy castles were made out of graham crackers, and they had lollipops on top of the fairy castles, and they also had boats that went on the Jello rivers. And the boats that they had were also made out of chocolate. And the fairyland had so many magical things. Rivers and oceans. Were those melted chocolate? Yeah, the fairylands rivers and oceans were made out of melted chocolate. And the fairyland looked so magical because everything twinkled not just the stars, but also the lights twinkled just like stars. And there were magnifying glasses everywhere that any kid could use. And the fairies used to carry Cheerios with them. And they also houses. Yes. And the fairies carried Lucky Charms, which is a yummy kind of cereal. And there were houses that were twinkly. And the fairies also loved to do special fairy dances. But there was a problem in the fairyland. There was a thunder. And when the thunder went kaboom, all of the fairies lost their wings. And the fairy said, uhoh, we all lost our wings. How are we ever going to fly like good fairies again? And Summer and her friend Jesse looked at each other and they said, how can we even help? Because now we're stuck up here on top of the sky in this jello kind of stuff in the fairyland. And none of the fairies have their wings, so they can't fly and we can't even get back to our houses on Earth. And then one of the fairies had an idea. The fairy's first idea was to call some astronauts to see if the astronauts could help. But then Summer realized there were no telephones or walkie talkies in the sky. So Summer had another did they have any satellite walkie talk? And they didn't even have satellite walkie talkies. So Summer had another idea. She said, oh, I remember fairies do like chocolate chip cookies a lot. So maybe chocolate chip cookies is kind of like a medicine for fairies. And when they eat the chocolate chip cookies, maybe it will help them grow their wings back. And all of the fairies made a big line in front of the Power Wheels. And Summer and Jesse opened up the trunk to their Power Wheels, where they had saved all of the cookies. And the fairies lined up and they started to walk because the fairies didn't have wings. And each of the fairies, one by one, took a little bite of the chocolate chip cookies. And after they took a bite of the chocolate chip cookies, their wings grew back. And they were so happy that Summer gave them chocolate chip cookies, which is medicine for fairies, and that their wings grew back and that they said that Summer and her friend Jesse were welcome in fairyland whenever they wanted to go. Well, it was getting late. So the fairies helped Summer go back to her house. And Jesse went back to his house. And Summer lived and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to make up because they like it.