Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were three girls named Anya, Eliza, and June. Anya, Eliza, and June loved to play outside of their house in the grass, and sometimes they got to use jump ropes. They would jump over the jump rope, sing, dance, and have so much fun. One day, as Anya was using her jump rope, she saw that behind the bushes, off in the distance, there was a rainbow-colored unicorn. The rainbow-colored unicorn had wings on it and looked like it could fly. So Anya said, "Come here, unicorn." The unicorn was shy and didn't want to go because it was a little bit nervous. Sometimes unicorns like to hide from people because they're not often seen by people. They're very shy creatures. But Eliza and June said, "It's okay, unicorn. You can come here." The unicorn came out of the bushes.

When Anya looked at the unicorn, she was very surprised, because this unicorn had a horn that was on backward. The sharp part of the horn was right outside of the unicorn's head, and the soft part was on the top. The unicorn had an extra horn growing under its mouth. The unicorn was sad and said, "Anya, can you make me a regular unicorn? Sometimes I want to play with the other unicorns, and they all have one regular horn. One of my horns is upside down, and I have an extra horn under my mouth." Anya asked the unicorn if she could pet it. The other unicorns didn't think that this unicorn was a real unicorn. Anya said, "It's okay, unicorn. You're a good unicorn, and I love you." Anya helped her sisters, Eliza and June, go on the unicorn. The unicorn said, "If you guys be my friend, I can show you some tricks." They asked, "What kind of tricks can you show us?" The unicorn said, "Just watch."

Suddenly, the unicorn started jumping rope. Now, jumping rope is not so easy for animals with four legs. It's easier for people because people have two legs, and they just go, jump, jump, jump. People have four legs if they crawl, but it's not easy to use a jump rope while you're crawling, and it's not easy for unicorns to use a jump rope. So first, the unicorn showed Anya, Eliza, and June how to jump rope. Then the unicorn asked them if they wanted a ride, and Anya said yes. So Anya, Eliza, and June went on the unicorn, and the unicorn said, "We're going to go on a ride." Anya said, "Okay." She went inside her house before she went on the ride to tell her dad that they were going to go on a unicorn ride. Her dad said that it's okay and that he would watch.

Suddenly, Anya, Eliza, and June got on the unicorn, and the unicorn made some magic pixie dust go out of its tail. It started to make a singing sound that sounded like, "Ah." Just as it made that sound, the unicorn's wings started to flap, and there were some fireflies that started to go around the unicorn, and it became nighttime. The fireflies were nice and sparkly, and the unicorn flapped its wings, and they went up in the sky to a secret land. The secret land they went to in the sky was hidden on top of the clouds. On top of the clouds, they saw that there was a castle full of fairies. The fairies lived in the castle on top of the clouds, and the castle was white. All of the fairies that lived in the castle said, "Look, guys, there's a unicorn coming." The unicorn was holding Anya, Eliza, and June, and their parents were watching from the ground through binoculars. They could see a little bit through the clouds.

The fairies started talking to each other, and the unicorn said, "Are those fairies saying I'm not a real unicorn?" Suddenly, all of the fairies started flying right next to the unicorn, and they started touching its upside-down horn. They also flew right next to the extra horn that was under its chin. They started touching it gently and said, "Whoo-ha." Just as they said that, the horn that was upside down turned right side up and became a magic unicorn horn. The extra unicorn horn they had, they told Anya that she could hold. So now the unicorn was a regular magic unicorn, and the unicorn was so happy that the fairies helped it. Anya was really happy that she got to hold the extra unicorn horn. So they started to fly to a different place.

When they were flying over a different place, Anya thought she could see a pirate ship in the ocean. She said, "Unicorn, can we fly on top of that pirate ship to see what's in it?" The unicorn said, "Okay." It started to fly down and flap its unicorn wings until it got on top of the pirate ship. When it was on top of the pirate ship, it saw that the pirate ship was surrounded by mermaids. There were mermaids swimming in the ocean right around the pirate ship. The mermaids were trying to tell the pirates to be nice. "Be nice, pirates." There was one pirate in charge who had a patch on his eye and a parrot on his shoulder who said, "We don't want to be nice. We just want to capture good ships, and we just want to bury treasure."

The unicorn said, "I have an idea, Anya, for how you can make them nice." Anya said, "What is it?" The unicorn said, "How about you give the unicorn horn, the extra one that you're holding, to one of the mermaids? Then if a mermaid rubs a unicorn horn, it makes everyone be nice." So Anya said okay. She shouted to the mermaids, "Mermaids, I have a special present for you." The mermaids looked up from the water, and they splashed. Suddenly, Anya flew down with the unicorn, and she handed the extra horn to one of the mermaids. The mermaid looked at the unicorn horn and saw that it was a real extra unicorn horn. So she started to rub it. Just as she started to rub it, the pirates started to be very nice, and they said, "Can we share everything with everyone? Can we be good?" The mermaid said yes. "Pirates can be good. Pirates can change their ways, and you can be nice guys also."

The chief pirate in charge put down his eye patch and said, "From now on, I am going to be a good sailor, not a mean pirate." Just as he said that, the mermaid started to clap and said, "Yay, hooray. Hip, hip, hooray." Eliza and June found princess dresses that were extra on the pirate ship. The chief pirate said that Eliza, June, and also Anya could have princess dresses. Eliza and June were smaller than Anya, so they got littler dresses, and Anya got a big dress. Anya was so happy that she was able to turn the pirates into nice guys. She went home to her dad and said, "Dad, I had a magic unicorn ride, and we found pirates and mermaids. I gave the extra unicorn horn to the mermaids, and it turned the pirates good." Anya's dad was so proud of her, and he said that he saw part of it through the binoculars, but not everything. Anya and her parents and her sisters lived happily ever after. The end.