Welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime wombus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from three girls who live in Arizona, and one is named Anya, who's six and almost seven years old. And her sisters are Eliza and June. And they asked for us to make up a story that includes a unicorn, a fairy, a mermaid, and a princess. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were three girls named Anya, Eliza, and June. Anya, Eliza and June loved to play outside of their house in the grass, and sometimes they got to use jump ropes, and they would jump over the jump rope, and they would sing, and they would dance, and it would be so much fun. One day, as Anya was using her jump rope, she saw that behind the bushes, off in the distance, there was a rainbow colored unicorn. And the rainbow colored unicorn had wings on it and looked like it could fly. And so Anya said, come here, unicorn. Because the unicorn was so shy, and the unicorn really didn't want to go because it was a little bit nervous, because sometimes unicorns like to hide from people. Why? Because unicorns are not often seen by people. They're very shy creatures. But Eliza and June said, it's okay, unicorn. You could come here. And the unicorn came out of the bushes. And when Anya looked at the unicorn, she was very surprised, because this unicorn had a horn that was on backwards. The sharp part of the horn was right outside of the unicorn's head, and then it was the soft part that's big was on the top. And the unicorn had an extra horn growing under its mouth. And the unicorn was so sad because the unicorn came up to Anya and said, anya, can you make me a regular unicorn? Because sometimes I want to play with the other unicorns, and they all have one regular horn, and one of my horns is upside down, and I have an extra horn under my mouth. And Anya asked the unicorn if she could pet the unicorns. Don't think that she's a unicorn. Yeah. And the other unicorns didn't think that this unicorn was a real unicorn. And Anya said, it's okay, unicorn. You're a good unicorn, and I love you. And Anya helped her sisters Eliza and June, go on the unicorn. And the unicorn said, if you guys be my friend, I could show you some tricks. And they said, what kind of tricks could you show us? And the unicorn said, just watch. And suddenly, the unicorn started jumping rope. Now, jumping rope is not so easy for animals with four legs. It's easier for people, because people have two legs, and they just go, jump, jump, jump. And people have four legs if they crawl. But it's not easy to use a jump rope while you're crawling, and it's not easy for unicorns to use a jump rope. So first, the unicorn showed Anya, Eliza, and june how to jump rope. And then the unicorn asked them if they wanted a ride, and Anya said yes. So Anya and Eliza and June went on the unicorn, and the unicorn said, we're going to go on a ride. And Anya said, okay. And she went inside her house before she went on the ride to tell her dad that they were going to go on a unicorn ride. And the dad said that it's okay, and that he would watch. And suddenly Anya, Eliza and June got on the unicorn and the unicorn made some magic pixie dust go out of its tail and it started to make a singing sound that started that sounded like and just as it made that sound. The unicorn's wings started to flap, and there were some fireflies that started to go around the unicorn, and it became nighttime. So the fireflies so the fireflies were nice and sparkly, and the unicorn flapped its wings and they went up in the sky to a secret land. The secret land that they went to in the sky was hidden on top of the clouds. And on top of the clouds on top of the clouds, they saw that there was a castle full of fairies. And the fairies lived in the castle on top of the clouds, and the castle was white. And all of the fairies that lived in the castle said, look, guys, there's a unicorn coming. And the unicorn was holding anya, Eliza, and June and her parents were watching from the ground through binoculars. Yes. And they can see a little bit through the clouds. And the fairies said they started talking to each other, and the unicorn said, are those fairies saying I'm not a real unicorn? And suddenly, all of the fairies started flying right next to the unicorn, and they started touching its upside down horn, and they started also flying right next to the extra horn that was under its chin. And they started touching it gently, and they said, whoo ha. And just as they said that, the horn that was upside down turned right side up and became a magic unicorn horn. And the extra unicorn horn that they had, they told Anya that she could hold. So now the unicorn was a regular magic unicorn, and the unicorn was so happy that the fairies helped the unicorn, and Anya was really happy that she got to hold the extra unicorn horn. And so they started to fly to a different place. When they were flying over a different place, anya thought that she could see a pirate ship in the ocean, and she said, unicorn, could we fly on top of that pirate ship to see what's in it? And the unicorn said, magic, okay. And it started to fly down and flap its unicorn wings until it got on top of the pirate ship. When it was on top of the pirate ship, it saw that the pirate ship was surrounded by mermaids. And there were mermaids swimming in the ocean right around right around the unicorn. There were mermaids swimming in the ocean right around the pirate ship. And the mermaids were trying to tell the pirates to be nice. Be nice pirates. And there was one pirate in charge who had a patch on his eye and a parrot on his shoulder who said, we don't want to be nice. We just want to capture good ships, and we just want to bury treasure. And the unicorn said, I have an idea, Anya, for how you could make them nice. And Anya said, what is it? And the unicorn said, how about you give the unicorn horn the extra one that you're holding to one of the mermaids? And then if a mermaid rubs on a unicorn horn, it makes everyone be nice. So Anya said okay. And she shouted to the mermaids, mermaids, I have a special present for you. And the mermaids looked up from the water, and they spliched, and they splashed. And suddenly Anya flew down with the unicorn, and she handed the extra horn to one of the mermaids. And the mermaid looked at the unicorn horn and saw that it was a real extra unicorn horn. And so she started to rub it. Just as she started to rub it, the pirates started to be very nice, and they said, can we share everything with everyone? Can we be good? And the mermaid said yes. Pirates can be good. Pirates can change their ways, and you could be nice guys also. And the chief pirate in charge put down his eye patch, and he said, from now on, I am going to be a good sailor, not a mean pirate. And just as he said that, the mermaid started to clap and said, yay hooray. Hip hip hooray. And Eliza and June found princess dresses that were extra on the pirate ship. And the chief pirate said that Eliza and June and also Anya could have princess dresses. And Eliza and June were smaller than Anya, so they got littler dresses, and Anya got a big dress. And Anya was so happy that she was able to turn the pirates into nice guys. And she went home to her dad, and she said, dad, I had a magic unicorn ride, and we found pirates and mermaids, and I gave the extra unicorn horn to the mermaids, and it turned the pirates good. And Anya's dad was so proud of her, and he said that he saw part of it through the binoculars, but not everything. And Anya and her parents and her sisters lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends? Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.