Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a seven-year-old girl whose name was Olive. Olive was very lucky because a package came in the mail. And when she opened up the package, she saw that it was magic markers and also some paper. Well, Olive didn't know how the magic markers worked, so she decided she would try to draw on the paper with the magic marker, and she started to draw. She used the white magic marker to draw snow, and she used the green one to draw a tortoise, which is like a turtle. And she also used some black and white to draw the penguin. And Olive was very good at drawing, so the tortoise really looked like a big turtle. The snow looked so deep, and there were even some snowballs you could see. And the penguin was so good at waddling in the snow.

Oliver was drawing with her magic markers, and she asked her mom how they were magical, and her mom said she didn't know. And Olive had an idea to get something that's a little shiny and reflective and to put it on the paper that had the penguin, the snow, and the tortoise. So Olive went to the kitchen, and she got some tinfoil, and she put the tinfoil on top of the paper. Oh, and that stuff came alive. No. Do you know what happened? What? Once Olive put the tinfoil on top of the paper where she drew with the magic markers, the things that she drew showed up on the wall of her house. And Olive turned around, and there was a penguin that was on her wall, and it looked like the one that she drew, but the penguin was able to walk on the wall just like it was in a movie. And there was also so much snow all over the wall. And when Olive touched the snow, it was cold. It was really cold, even though it looks like it was just drawn. And then a penguin came, and the penguin was jumping up a little bit on the snow and sliding and it was all happening on the wall of Olive's kitchen.

Olive decided to draw on another magic paper. And on the other magic paper, Olive decided to draw a crown and a princess and a treasure. And so Olive used a lot of colors for the treasure, because treasure could be colorful. And she also used the color gold, because sometimes treasure has a lot of gold in it. And she made a beautiful, beautiful crown that had a lot of jewelry and also some pretty rocks and different twinkly colors. And she also drew a treasure box. And when Olive finished drawing these things, she went and she tried to find the tinfoil, but it wasn't in the drawer anymore. And do you know what happened? The penguin had walked off of the wall and gotten the tinfoil, but the penguin told Olive that Olive could have the tinfoil. So Olive reached for the penguin's little penguin hand and got the tinfoil and put it over the new paper. And do you know what happened? All of the new things that Olive drew – the crown, the princess, the treasure – it all appeared on Olive's ceiling.

Olive decided she would try to jump up to get the treasure, but she couldn't reach. And so the penguin went off from the wall and asked Olive if Olive could pick up the penguin, because penguins aren't so heavy, and a seven-year-old girl who's almost going to be eight years old could definitely lift up a penguin. And so Olive lifted up the penguin to her ceiling to try to reach for the treasure. But as Olive and the penguin reached for the treasure, the princess on the ceiling said, "No, don't take the treasure." And Olive said, "Wait, penguin, don't take it, because the princess told us not to." And the princess had a jump rope with her. And the princess asked Olive if she wanted to play jump rope on the ceiling. And Olive said, "Well, why can't we take the treasure down?" And the princess told Olive, "If it falls off the ceiling onto the floor, it will crash. So first we should play jump rope on the ceiling, and then after we play jump rope, we should use the rope to tie up the treasure box and let it down on the jump rope." And Olive said that was a good idea.

So Olive decided to play jump rope, and the princess that was on the ceiling had a long shadow jump rope. So the way it worked is it was like a big shadow, and every time the jump rope went, instead of some rope going over you, it was a shadow that went over the ceiling and over the walls. And every time the shadow went under you, it was like a rope shadow. That's when you had to jump. And Olive got so good at this game – jumping whenever the shadow was under her. And then the shadow would go on the wall and the ceiling and then go under her again. And the princess told Olive that she was doing a really good job. And Olive decided that she would tell the penguin, "Hey, penguin, why don't you come join us?" But the penguin decided to talk like a toddler and to say and Olive said that the penguin was doing a good job.

And then Olive decided that she needed to take a break playing. And she put on her pajamas, and she put away her magic marker and decided she would draw some more things a different day. And Olive and her family lived happily ever after. The end.