Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived in a fire station, with their house on the top floor. That's where their bedroom, bathtub, and kitchen were. To go downstairs, they had to slide down the fire pole, and they became experts at it. To go back up, they used special stairs made of trampoline material, so they'd bounce up the stairs.

All the kids at Jonah and Jesse's school wanted to visit their house because fire stations are lots of fun. They also wanted to try the trampoline stairs and the fun pole. One day, Jonah and Jesse had a party at the firehouse for Jesse's birthday. They had a big cake with a fire truck decoration. All the kids were there, singing happy birthday to Jesse.

As Jesse was about to blow out the candles on his fire truck cake, the fire from the candles spread and started a small fire in the fire station. The fire alarm went off, and the firemen downstairs got dressed and prepared their hoses. When they saw the birthday party, they decided the fire wasn't big enough for their hoses. Instead, they used water guns, like big super soakers, to put out the fire.

The firemen said Jesse and Jonah could continue the party, so Jesse's mom lit the candles again. Jesse blew out the candles, but this time, the fire spread in the direction he was blowing. Jesse had been thinking about making a wish for ice cream everywhere, and somehow, the fire caused icing to go all over the walls. The fire alarm went off again, and the firemen returned with their water guns to put out the fire.

Everyone agreed not to light the candles again. Instead, the kids went downstairs using the fire pole. One of the moms waited at the bottom to catch any scared kids. They all took turns going inside the fire trucks, and the firemen let them wear fire hats. While wearing his fire hat, Jesse found a button on it. He pressed the button, and cold lava, like a milkshake, spilled out and started melting part of the floor.

Everyone was confused, but they realized it must be related to Jesse's wish. Jesse promised not to make any more lava spill from his hat, and the firemen collected the lava in a big titanium bucket. They poured it into a bathtub full of ice, and white worms appeared, eating the milkshake lava and changing colors.

A fireman recognized the worms as a rare type that eats fire. Jesse suggested they put the worms in the fire truck hoses to help put out fires. The firemen did just that, and the next time there was a fire, they squirted the fireworms from the hose, and the worms ate up the fire. Thanks to Jesse's lava power, the firemen were able to put out a different fire. Jesse, Jonah, and all their friends lived happily ever after. The end.