Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids whose names were Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse lived in a fire station, and their house was on the top floor of the fire station. That's where their bedroom, bathtub, and kitchen were. Whenever they wanted to go down, they had to go down using the fire pole, and they got to slide down the pole. So Jonah and Jesse became real experts at going down fire poles. If they wanted to go back up to their house, there were special stairs made out of trampoline material. So you'd kind of bounce up the stairs.

All of the kids who went to Jonah and Jesse's school wanted to visit them in their house because fire stations are a lot of fun. They also wanted to try out the trampoline stairs and the fun pole that they got to slide down. One day, Jonah and Jesse decided to have a party at the firehouse because it was Jesse's birthday. They were going to have a big cake for Jesse's birthday with a decoration of a fire truck on the cake. All of the kids were there, and there were candles on the cake. People were singing happy birthday to Jesse.

Jesse was getting ready to blow out the candles on his fire truck cake when suddenly the fire went off the candles, and it started to put the fire station on fire. The alarm of the fire station went off, and all of the firemen who were downstairs got dressed in their firemen suits and got their hoses ready. When they went upstairs to Jesse and Jonah's house and saw the birthday party, they decided there wasn't enough fire to use their fire hoses. Instead, all of the firemen used water guns, and they had big super soaker water guns that squirted out a lot of water. They used those to put out the fire.

Then they said that Jesse and Jonah could continue their birthday, so Jesse's mom lit the candles of his birthday cake again, and Jesse blew out his candles again. But this time, when Jesse blew his candles, it blew the fire. There was fire right in the direction where Jesse was blowing, and it caused another big fire. This time, the fire must have been kind of magical because Jesse was thinking about sometimes when you blow out your birthday candles, you could make a wish and decide what you want to come true. Jesse was thinking about that; he wanted ice cream to be everywhere.

This kind of fire, when Jesse blew out his candles, it kind of made not ice cream go everywhere, but icing that's on top of a cake. The fire made icing go all over the wall. The siren of the fire station went off again, and the firemen went back up on the trampoline stairs. When they got to Jesse's house, they saw that there was fire spreading all over the walls, but the fire was making icing, like on top of a cake, go all over the walls. They got their water guns again, started to squirt it out, and put out the fire.

Everyone told Jesse that they shouldn't light the candles on his birthday cake again, and Jesse agreed that they shouldn't do it. Instead, they decided that all of the kids would go downstairs, and instead of going down the trampoline stairs way, they went down the pole way. The kids took turns sliding down the pole. One of the moms was waiting on the bottom of the pole in case some of the kids were scared to go down the pole by themselves, so the mom would catch them.

All of the kids ended up going down the pole, and they got to take turns going inside the fire trucks. Then the firemen and fire ladies said that all the kids could put on some fire hats. All the kids put on different fire hats and dressed up as firemen for Jesse's birthday because it was a lot of fun for them to be in the fire station. When they were wearing the fire hats, Jesse could feel that his fire hat had a button on it. He pressed the button, and he saw that it made lava spill out of the fire hat. The lava was not a hot kind of lava; it was a lava that felt cold, like a milkshake, but it looked like lava. When it went onto the floor of the fire station, it started melting part of the floor.

At first, all of Jesse's friends were wondering how that happened, and the firemen didn't know what to do. But then everyone realized that it probably had to do with the wish that Jesse made when he was blowing out his candles before, and that maybe there was some special fire stuff going on because Jesse was thinking about a wish as he blew out his birthday candles. Jesse told everyone not to worry because he wasn't going to make any more lava spill off of his fire hat. The fireman said, "Good."

They used a bucket to collect all of the lava that spilled off of Jesse's fire hat. They collected all of that in a big titanium bucket and ended up pouring it into some ice so that it wasn't so hot and it wasn't so cold; it was just medium. After they poured it into the bathtub that was full of ice, they saw that there were some white worms that were squiggling about. The worms liked to eat this stuff. When the worms ate that kind of milkshake lava, the worms got bigger and bigger. The worms were changing colors; first, they were white, and then they were red.

One of the firemen said that he recognized those worms because there's a certain kind of worm that can eat fire, and it can make fire go away. Those worms are very rare. It's hard to find them in the wild. They don't look like earthworms that you could dig up or find under a rock. Those worms were the kinds of worms that liked this kind of milkshake lava. Jesse told the firemen that they should catch all of those worms and then put them inside the fire truck hoses so that if there was a real fire somewhere, they could squirt those worms out of the hoses, and then the worms would eat up the fire.

That's exactly what the firemen did. They took all of the worms out of the bathtub and put them inside the fire truck, like the part in the back where the hose goes. The next time there was a fire, they squirted those fireworms out of the special hose, and it ended up eating up all of the fire. It turns out that Jesse saved the day because it was because of his lava power that those worms came and the firemen were able to put out a different fire. Jesse and Jonah and all of Jesse's friends lived happily ever after. The end.