Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup stories.com. My name is Kencho. Makeup stories is the best in the whole wide world. Nayo AI. Okay, jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? A fire hat that can make a fire turn on like a zectric fire and make that a real fire. Jesse wants the story to be about a fire hat that could make an electric fire turn on and make that into a real fire. And Jonah, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? A boy who snores. Jonah said a boy who snores. Okay. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids whose names were jonah and jesse, and jonah and jesse, they lived in a fire station, and their house was kind of on the top floor of a fire station, and that's where their bedroom was. It's where their bathtub was, and it's where their kitchen was. And whenever they wanted to go down, they had to go down using the fire pole, and they got to slide down the pole. So Joan and Jesse became real experts at going down fire poles. And if they wanted to go up back to their house, then there were special stairs that were made out of, like, trampoline material. So you'd kind of bounce up the stairs. Oh, I get it. Yeah, you would go boing boing, boing up the stairs to get up to their house because it was trampoline stairs. And all of the kids that went to Jonah and Jesse's school, they all wanted to go visit them in their house because fire stations are a lot of fun, and also because they wanted to try out the trampoline stairs and to try out the fun pole that they got to slide down. Well, one day, Jonah and Jesse decided to have a party at the firehouse because it was Jesse's birthday, and they were going to have this big cake for Jesse's birthday. And the cake had a decoration of a fire truck on the cake. And all of the kids were there, and there were candles on the cake, and people were singing happy birthday to Jesse. And Jesse was getting ready to blot the candles on his fire truck cake when suddenly the fire went off of the candles, and it started to go and put the fire station on fire. And so the alarm of the fire station went off, and all of the firemen who were downstairs got dressed in their firemen suits, and they got their hoses ready. And when they went upstairs to Jesse and Joda's house and they saw the birthday party, they decided there wasn't enough fire to use their fire hoses. So instead, all of the firemen used water guns, and they had big super soaker water guns that squirted out a lot of water, and they used those to put out the fire. And then they said that Jesse and Jonah could continue their birthday so Jesse's mom lit the candles of his birthday cake again, and Jesse blew out his candles again. But this time, when Jesse blew his candles, it blew the fire. And there was fire right in the direction where Jesse was blowing, and it caused another big fire. Well, this time, the fire must have been kind of magical because Jesse was thinking about sometimes when you blow out your birthday candles, you could make a wish and decide what you want to come true. And Jesse was thinking about that. He wanted ice cream to be everywhere. And this kind of fire, when Jesse blew out his candles, it kind of made not ice cream go everywhere, but, like, icing that's on top of cake. And that kind of fire, it just made icing go all over the wall. And so the siren of the fire station went off again, and the firemen went back up on the trampoline stairs. And when they got to Jesse's house, they saw that there was fire spreading all over the walls, but the fire was making icing, like, on top of cake, go all over the walls. And so they got their water guns again. They started to squirt it out, and they put out the fire. And everyone told Jesse that they shouldn't light the candles on his birthday cake again. And Jesse agreed that they shouldn't do it. Instead, they decided that all of the kids would go downstairs, and instead of going down the trampoline stairs way, they went down the pole way. And so the kids took turns sliding down the pole. If you go down the stairs, just go bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce back up. Yeah, if you go down the stairs, you would just bounce back up. And one of the moms was waiting on the bottom of the pole in case some of the kids were scared to go down the pole by themselves, and so the mom would catch them. Well, all of the kids ended up going down the pole, and they got to take turns going inside the fire trucks. And then the firemen said and there were also some fire ladies said that all the kids could put on some fire hats. So all the kids put on different fire hats, and they dressed up as firemen for Jesse's birthday because it was a lot of fun for them to be in the fire station. And when they were wearing the fire hats, jesse could feel that his fire hat had a button on it. And so he pressed the button, and he saw that the button it kind of like it made lava spill out of the fire hat. And the lava was not a hot kind of lava. It was a lava that felt like have you ever had a milkshake? It was a lava that felt cold, like milkshake, but it looked like lava. And when it went onto the floor of the fire station, it started melting part of the floor. And at first, all of Jesse's friends were wondering how that happened, and the firemen didn't know what to do. But then that's when everyone realized that it probably had to do with the wish that Jesse made when he was blowing out his candles before, and that maybe there was some special fire stuff going on, because Jesse was thinking about a wish as he blew out his birthday candles. And so nobody really knew what to do. And Jesse told everyone not to worry because he wasn't going to make any more lava spill off of his fire hat. And the fireman said, Good. And what they decided to do is they used a bucket to collect all of the lava that spilled off of Jesse's fire hat. And they collected all of that in a big titanium bucket, and they ended up pouring it into some ice so that it wasn't so hot and it wasn't so cold. It was just medium. And after they poured it into, like, the bathtub that was full of ice, they saw that there were some kinds of worms, and there were white worms that were squiggling about, and the worms liked to eat this stuff. And when the worms ate that kind of like lava that was like milkshake, the worms got bigger and bigger. And the worms were, like, changing colors. First they were white, and then they were red. And the worms, like, one of the firemen said that he recognized those worms because there's a certain kind of worm that can eat fire, and it can make fire go away. And those worms are very rare. It's hard to find them in the wild. They don't look like earthworms that you could dig up or find under a rock. And those worms were the kinds of worms that liked this kind of milkshake lava. And so Jesse told the firemen that they should catch all of those worms, and then they should put them inside the fire truck hoses so that if there was a real fire somewhere, then they can squirt those worms out of the hoses, and then the worms would eat up the fire. And that's exactly what the firemen did. They took all of the worms out of the bathtub, and they put them inside the fire truck, like the part in the back where the hose goes. And then the next time there was a fire, they just squirted those worms, the fireworms out of the special hose, and then it ended up eating up all of the fire. So it turns out that Jesse saved the day because it was because of his lava power that those worms came and that the firemen were able to put out a different fire. And Jesse and Jonah and all of Jesse's friends lived happily ever after. The end. You. Thanks for listening to makeup stores that come. My name is lena. Tell all your friends ayur.