Yiddaya. Hi. My name is Madeline. Welcome to makeup stories, the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Tonight's makeup story way is a prompt by my older son, Jonah. And Jonah said that tonight, instead of him telling me what the story should be about, I should just make something up. So once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jonah. And right when Jonah woke up, he realized that his bed wasn't in his room. His bed was right on top of the ground, and he was outside. He didn't know what happened, but during the night, his house disappeared. And right when he got up and took off his blanket, when he looked up, he saw there were some trolls. And the trolls were kind of small, and they had hair all over their faces and coming out of their noses. The trolls also had hair that was growing in their ears. And there were trolls all around Jonah's bunk bed, and some of the trolls were lifting it up, and they were carrying it away. Well, Jonah took off his blanket and he looked down at the trolls, and one of the trolls looked at Jonah and said, shh. And Jonah didn't know if he should talk or not, but he decided, as the trolls were going to turn a corner between some trees, that he would jump off of the top of the bunk bed, over the trolls, and make his escape. So when the trolls turned the corner, jonah threw his blanket on top of the trolls, and he held onto his pillows and he jumped off of the top bunk bed. When he got in the ground, it kind of hurt his leg a little bit. And he saw the trolls were turning around, and some of them had escaped from under the blanket that he threw on top of them. And some of the trolls were starting to chase him. So Jonah threw his pillow at the trolls, and he ran as fast as he could through the forest. When he was in middle of the forest, he saw that there was a big obstacle. There was a wall that was surrounded by mud in middle of the forest. And on one side of the wall, there was a really pokey kind of fence that if you that if you even touched it, it would give you a big shock. And on the other side of the wall with the mud next to it, there was a bunch of daggers, which are like pointy knives. So Jonah ran straight to the wall, and he started to climb over the wall. And he was all muddy because of the dirt and the mud at the bottom of the wall. And when he was on top, he almost slipped. But he got to the other side. He thought he was safe because the trolls were kind of too small to climb over that wall. But then he saw that the trolls were climbing on top of each other's shoulders and then they were able to climb three levels high to go over that wall. And the trolls were all muddy and they continued to chase Jonah. Jonah saw that there was a stick in the forest. So he picked up the stick and he started running holding the stick. And when Jonah ran through the forest with the stick he started hearing the howling of some wolves. And Jonah ran away from the howls because he didn't want to run into a wolf trap. But the howling of the wolves got closer and closer and suddenly there were a bunch of wolves that had surrounded him. And the trolls were getting close too. And the wolves were barking really loudly. So Jonah used his stick and started swinging it around. And if a wolf got too close he would BOP the wolf with the stick on the wolf's nose and then it would go back. Soon the wolves became scared of Jonah and they realized that he should be in charge of them because he could do things that they couldn't do. And so suddenly the lead wolf decided to sit. And then Jonah lifted up his hand and the lead wolf stood up. And then Jonah threw his hand in the air and made it go back down. And the lead wolf jumped up and jumped down. And then the other wolf started to copy. And then Jonah punched in the direction of where the trolls were. And all of the wolves listened to Jonah and they started attacking towards the trolls. The trolls were afraid of those wolves because they knew them well from the forest. And the trolls ran away. Jonah was finally safe at last. The pack of wolves that he was initially afraid of came back to help him. But Jonah still didn't know how to get out of the forest. That night, Jonah slept in the dark next to all of the wolves. And some of the wolves were so nice to him. One even let Jonah sleep on the wolf's tummy as kind of a pillow. And Jonah was warm because the wolf has fur which is warm. And the next morning when Jonah woke up he saw that all of the wolves were ready up before him and they were waiting for him to lead them somewhere. So Jonah started to walk through the forest. He was trying to find a river because he knew if he could find a river in the forest and he could follow the river. If you find a river, wand was done. Usually the water supply you don't need to find some water. And then if there's fish, you can get me. Also if you follow river, most times it'll lead to the ocean or something with people. Yeah. And Jonah was following the river because he knew bad thing is sometimes it leads to like a waterfall. Yeah. Jonah was following a river and that's exactly what happened. The wolves were following him and Jonah was trying to see if he could find like a city or something that a river might lead to. But he saw that the river just led to a big waterfall and he was cornered next to the waterfall with the wolves and it looked like he might have to turn back when suddenly a grizzly bear appeared. And the grizzly bear was very angry because it was a mama grizzly bear and she had her two grizzly cubs with her and the grizzly was next to the river because it was trying to catch some salmon to feed her two cubs. But the grizzly bear thought the wolves might be trying to babies and kill them. Yeah. And the grizzly bear was worried that the wolves were going to attack her two cubs. And so the grizzly bear got super angry and it stood in the air and it flashed its humongous claws and it waved at Jonah and the wolves started to circle around the grizzly bear and her two cubs. Then the grizzly bear started to jump up and down and Jonah punched backwards. And the wolves knew that what this meant. The wolves stopped circling around the grizzly bear and instead they made a line in front of it between the grizzly bear and Jonah. And this way the mama grizzly bear had a chance to retreat and to move backwards with her baby cubs away from the edge of the waterfall where Jonah and the wolves were trapped. And so the grizzly bear started to move backwards. And because it wasn't looking very closely, the grizzly bear and her cubs almost fell off of the cliff by the waterfall. But Jonah, he knew that this was going to happen and he didn't want the grizzly bear to get a big boo boo or to die or something like that because he knew the grizzly bear was just trying to protect her cubs. So Jonah told one of the wolves to bark. And the wolf's bark distracted the grizzly bear and the grizzly bear didn't fall off of the cliff. And when the grizzly bear turned around and it saw that there was a cliff behind her, it was so thankful to Jonah and the wolves that it decided to be part of their team as well. And so Jonah started to go away from the waterfall all the way around to where the bottom of the waterfall was. And he kept following the river with the pack of wolves and with the grizzly bear as they went through the forest on that fateful day. And you might ask what happened next, but the story is getting a little bit too long so I'll have to keep that a secret for now. It will be in poncast number two. The name will be how about Second Podcast? Wolf and the Grizzly Bear. Wolf and the Grizzly Bear. Okay, good night. The End thankful attorney and the makeup toys. My name is evan. Makeuptoy.com turn the class. Tell your friends.