Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jonah, and he was a king of a faraway land. King Jonah lived in a castle, and he told everybody how to get rid of ants that had invaded and gone all over a candy factory that was in a mountain. The houses in King Jonah's kingdom had balloons, and they could float up if you wanted them to. And you could also make them go lower and steer the houses. 

Well, one day, somebody decided they wanted to go on a tour of King Jonah's kingdom. So they knocked on the gates of the kingdom, and at the gates of the kingdom, there was a drawbridge and a river under it. The drawbridge was kind of like a troll bridge, but had strings at the end, and you could pull it up and down. And the strings were made of dental floss, but there was so much dental floss all wrapped together that the drawbridge, which looked like a troll bridge, was so strong. 

After the kid knocked on the door to Jonah's kingdom, Jonah told all of his people that they should lower the troll bridge. And then they turned something around in one of the playgrounds that could pop up anywhere. And as they turned a wheel in a playground around, the drawbridge went over the river, and then the kid went over the bridge and went inside of Jonah's kingdom. 

King Jonah asked, "Why are you here?" And the kid said that he wanted to explore the kingdom, and Jonah told him, "Okay." So the first thing that the kid saw is that in King Jonah's kingdom, all of the kids were able to drive in the streets, and all of the kids were able to drive Power Wheels, and there were no real cars allowed in the streets. And instead of grownups doing shopping, grownups had to sit in the back seat of the Power Wheels in a special kind of baby seat, a car seat for grownups, and it was called a grownup seat. The Power Wheels that kids drove were a little bit bigger because they had to fit grownups in the back. And whenever grownups wanted to go somewhere in Jonah's kingdom, a kid would have to drive them in the Power Wheels to wherever they wanted to go. 

And so the kid who went over the drawbridge into Jonah's kingdom said, "Wow, I've never seen a kingdom where all of the kids could drive Power Wheels and none of the adults or grownups could drive real cars." And then Jonah said, "Look." And just as he pointed, there was a different kid who was using one of the flying bicycles that was flying by the kingdom. 

The kid who entered the kingdom thought it was very, very special and Jonah told him that if he wanted to go to the pet store, he could just follow him. And Jonah drove his Power Wheels, which was a special Power Wheels made for kings. And it had a crown in front of it, and it looked a little bit like the Batmobile from Batman, but it also made a different kind of sound. Instead of a kind of sound, this Power Wheels, the one that was for King Jonah, actually sounded a little bit like a lion. And if you stepped on the acceleration, if you stepped on the pedal to make it go faster, then instead of going vroom vroom, the car would roar louder if you wanted to go faster. 

Yeah, like that. And King Jonah would drive around in his special lion Power Wheels, and sometimes it would make that noise, which was like a lion car. And the kid thought that that was so special. So Jonah drove the kid and all of his special palace guards to the pet store. The pet store had a silly kind of door because the pet store's door wasn't on the bottom. The way to get into the pet store was really kind of silly because first you had to make one of those playgrounds appear by saying "playground appear." And then after the playground appeared in front of the pet store, what kids in Jonah's Kingdom had to do was they would have to climb up the climbing structure, and that would get them to the roof of the pet store, and then the kids would go very as easy to do, so you didn't have to worry. And it was safe because in the playground, there were mats on the bottom also. 

So the kids would just climb over to the roof of the pet store. And when they got to the roof of the pet store, the way to get in the pet store was you know how elephants have those big long trunks? So there was a slide that was from the top of the roof, and it looked like an elephant trunk, but it was kind of bigger, like a big hose, and the hose had a little bit of water in it. So it was like a slip and slide kind of water slide that looked like an elephant trunk. And that's how kids got into the pet store in Jonah's kingdom. 

Once you got in the pet store, there were lots of silly kinds of pets, because in the pet store in Jonah's kingdom, it wasn't the kind of pets that there are in regular stores, like cats and dogs. Instead, the pets were more interesting. There were pets that you can only imagine. One of them was an ant dinosaur. It looked like an ant, but it had the dinosaur shape. And there were different kinds of ant dinosaurs. There was a T-Rex kind. 

Do you know what other kinds there were? Buddy guess, an Antilandsaurus wax. And what else an ant, lots of different kinds of dinosaurs, and they all looked like ants because they weren't really big, but kids could have them as pets, and the dinosaurs weren't. You know how ants are usually just one color, like black or red, or maybe they're two colors, like black and red? Well, these were colorful ant dinosaurs. They were, like, green and some yeah, bud. I bet they got the idea to make them after the flood of the candy factory of ants. 

Yeah. And King Jonah told the kid who was visiting from a nearby kingdom that the reason that there were these kinds of dinosaur ants is because there were lots of different kinds of ants in his kingdom. And the kid asked he saw one of the T-Rex ants had kind of sparkles on it, and it was twinkly, and it was almost like, rainbow colored because it had lots of different colors that twinkled. And the boy asked if he could take one back, and Jonah said, "Okay, but you have to take him in a special container." And then King Jonah got a Tupperware container that had some holes in it and also a little bit of grass and a little bit of dirt so that the T-Rex ant would have an easy journey back to the other boy's kingdom. 

And then Jonah asked the other boy if he wanted to see more animals in the pet store, and the other boy said that he really did. And that's when Jonah showed him the kind of invisible animal an invisible animal is. Sometimes you might have noticed, like, grownups are just looking in the air and they don't see anything, but if you look closely, you could see an invisible animal, and it's hard to really see it because it might look like a shadow or it might look like the light's, a little bit of a different color. But invisible animals are really nice, and what invisible animals do is fun tricks. If you get an invisible animal to be your pet, then the invisible animal could kind of turn into a real butterfly. 

And that's why sometimes if you're chasing butterflies and the butterflies just go away, it could be that it turned into an invisible animal, at least in Jonah's kingdom. Here, I don't know. Here, I think if a butterfly goes away, it just maybe it hides and you can't see it, but there they could just turn into invisible animals. And so the kid asked what kinds of invisible animals there were, and then Jonah gave the kid the special invisible glasses, and the kid put on the invisible glasses, and he was able to see that there were frogs that were jumping through the air, and then they would turn into real frogs, and you could find them in swamps. And there were all sorts of special animals. 

But King Jonah saw that it was getting late and everyone in his kingdom would need to eat. So he told the boy they needed to go out of the pet store today and that they needed to go back a different time. And King Jonah and everyone who lived in his kingdom lived happily ever after. What's your question, bud? How about that little boy? What did he do? That little boy decided to stay in the kingdom for another night. And Jonah and the little boy and everyone in the kingdom lived happily ever after. The end.