Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Izador. One day, Izador woke up and he heard a knocking on the door. The knocking sound went, knock, knock, knock. Izador told his mama to open up the door. His mama opened the door, and she saw that it was the mailman. The mailman said he had a special package. Isador's mama took the package and showed it to Izador. Izador saw that there was an I at the beginning of the name, and he said, "Is this package for me? Because it looks like it says my name." Izidor's mama told him that it was.

So Izador went to the kitchen, and he told his mom that they needed to use a plastic knife or a butter knife to open up the box because he wanted to see what was inside. His mom helped him with the knife, and they opened up the box together. When Isador opened the box, he saw that there were Hot Wheels toy cars in the box. In addition, there was a smaller hidden box that was in the first box. That hidden box had so many ChuChu trains. So Isador told his mom that he was going to go play.

Isador got out all of the Hot Wheels cars and all of his ChuChu trains, and he told his mom that he was going to go by himself in his room for a little bit because he wanted to play with nobody watching. When Isidor went to his room, he noticed that the window was open. Inside his room, on his bed, right, sitting on his pillow, where Isidor usually went to sleep, he saw Frankie the Falluga Monster. Frankie the Faluga Monster was green, and he looked really silly because he had a hat on it and a lollipop on top of his hat that went like a seesaw.

The Faluga monster said to Izzy, "Izzy, I see that you got some new toys to play with." Izzy told the Faluga monster that he did. The Faluga monster told Izzy that he brought some glitter and that they should put some glitter in the ChuChu trains, and they should put the ChuChu trains on a track. Then, after it was on the track, Izzy should have the Hot Wheels cars crash into the ChuChu train. Izidor told the Faluga Monster that that sounded like a lot of fun.

So Isidor and the Faluga Monster started working together on building a train track, and they put some signs next to the train track that said Wrong Way and Do Not Go and Construction. After they put the signs on the railroad track, Izidor was finally ready with the Faluga Monster to test out their glitter train. They put the glitter in the train, and Izidor and the Faluga Monster had the special glitter train go. Unfortunately, there was going to be a big accident because one of Isidor's Hot Wheels cars had such a big engine that it started going so fast, and it went all the way on the railroad track. But the wheel got caught in the railroad track, and the Hot Wheels couldn't escape.

Well, the glitter train was going right for the Hot Wheels, and the Hot Wheels couldn't escape off the track. Suddenly, the glitter train crashed into the Hot Wheels. When the glitter train crashed into the Hot Wheels, the Hot Wheels car was okay, but the glitter spilled all over. The window that the Faluga Monster had crawled through to get into Izidor's room started blowing, and it became windy. The glitter went all over Isador's room.

Isador's mama called from downstairs and she said, "Izador, are you okay?" Izador didn't want to tell his mom that the room was full of glitter and that it was windy and the wind was blowing the glitter all over. So he said nothing. Izador said to the Faluga Monster that they were going to have to figure out how to clean it up.

Just as they were talking, all of the glitter came into one pile and turned into a Glitter Bear. The glitter bear said, "I want honey." The Faluga Monster asked the Glitter Bear if he was friendly, and the bear said yes. Izador told the Faluga Monster and also the Glitter Bear that they could all be friends, but that they needed to help clean first.

So just as they were saying that, Isador said, "I think we're going to need a third helper because there's so much to clean." In walked from the window a leprechaun. A leprechaun is a green, silly creature that has two legs and sometimes might like Lucky Charms, which is a breakfast cereal, and also sometimes could find gold and things like that. The leprechaun crawled into the window, and there Izzy was. Izidor was there with the Faluga Monster, the Glitter Bear, and the leprechaun.

The leprechaun said to Isador and the Faluga Monster and the Glitter Bear, "We have to do teamwork to clean up." All of them decided that they would clean up together, but they put on some music so that they could do a dance cleanup. The Leprechaun started playing some music because he had a musical instrument with him called a harmonica. It was so much fun for Isidor and the Glitter Bear and the Falluga Monster and the Leprechaun to have a glitter dance party as they were cleaning.

Soon there was a knock on Isador's room, and the knock was from his mama. Izador told his mama, "Mama, I still need a few minutes to play," because he didn't want his mama to see all of those special pretend monsters. So Isador's mama said, "Okay, I'm just going to make you a snack." Izador went in his room, and he told all of his friends that they were going to have to go away because he needed to go back to his mom.

The Faluga Monster, Glitter Bear, and the Leprechaun said that they had a rocket ship waiting outside the window. Isador said, "I never saw that rocket ship outside my window." They said they had just landed it there right next to a tree. Isador looked out of his window, and he saw right next to a tree that was outside of his house, there was a rocket ship. The Falluga Monster, Glitter Bear, and the Leprechaun all hopped out of the window and jumped up into the rocket, and they got inside the rocket and put on their astronaut suits.

Isador said, "Where are you guys going to go?" They all said that they're going to visit space, but that they would come back when Isador turned six years old. Isador and his mama and all of those special friends lived happily ever after. The end.