It's. Welcome back to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. My name is Steve. I make up new stories every night without preparing to put my five year old son to bed. You should listen to another story tomorrow. But right now, we're ready for today's story. So get ready. Get tucked in. Makeup story time. Begin. Okay, tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old listener named Isador. And Izidor asked for us to make up a story that has a Hot Wheels, which is a toy car and also has a ChuChu train and a bear. And we're also going to add a Leprechaun to this story and also a big Humongous rocket ship. Okay. We'll put on later. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Izador. One day, Izador woke up and he heard a knocking on the door. And the knocking sound went, knock, knock, knock. And Izador told his mama to open up the door. And his mama opened up the door, and she saw that it was the mailman. And the mailman said he had a special package. And Isador's mama took the package and she showed it to Isador. Izador saw that there was an I at the beginning of the name, and he said, is this package for me? Because it looks like it says my name. And Izidor's mama told him that it was. So Izador went to the kitchen, and he told his mom that they needed to use a plastic knife or a butter knife to open up the box because he wanted to see what was inside. His mom helped him with the knife, and they opened up the box together. When Isador opened up the box, he saw that there were Hot Wheels toy cars in the box. And in addition, there was a smaller hidden box that was in the first box. And that hidden box had so many ChuChu trains. So Isador told his mom that he was going to go play. And Isador got out all of the Hot Wheels cars and all of his Chuchi trains, and he told his mom that he was going to go by himself in his room for a little bit because he wanted to play with nobody watching. And when Isidor went to his room, he noticed that the window was open. And inside his room, on his bed, right, sitting on his pillow, where Isidor usually went to sleep, he saw Frankie the Falluga Monster. And Frankie the Faluga Monster was green, and he looked really silly because he had a hat on it and a lollipop on top of his hat that went like a seesaw. And the Faluga monster said to Izzy, izzy, I see that you got some new toys to play play with. And Izzy told the Faluga monster that he did. The Faluga monster told Izzy that he brought some glitter and that they should put some glitter in the ChuChu trains, and they should put the ChuChu trains on a track. And that then after it was on the track, izzy should have the cars the Hot Wheels cars crash into the ChuChu train. Izidor told the Faluga Monster that that sounded like a lot of fun. So Isidor and the Faluga Monster started working together on building a train track, and they put some signs next to the train track that said Wrong Way and Do Not Go and Construction. And after they put the signs on the railroad track, Izidor was finally ready with the Faluga Monster to test out their glitter train. And they put the glitter in the train, and they said and Izidor and the Faluga Monster had the special glitter train go. Unfortunately, there was going to be a big accident because one of Isidor's Hot Wheels cars had such a big engine that it started going so fast, and it went all the way on the railroad track. But the wheel got caught in the railroad track, and the Hot Wheels couldn't escape. Well, the glitter train was going right for the Hot Wheels, and the Hot Wheels couldn't escape off the track. And suddenly the glitter train crashed into the hot wheels. When the glitter train crashed into the Hot Wheels, the Hot Wheels car was okay, but the glitter spilled all over. And the window that the Faluga Monster had crawled through to get into Izidor's room started blowing, and it became windy. And the glitter went all over Isador's room. And Izador's mama called from downstairs and she said, Izador, are you okay? And Izador didn't want to tell his mom that the room was full of glitter and that it was windy and the wind was blowing the glitter all over. So he said nothing. Mom and Izador said to the Faluga Monster that they were going to have to figure out how to clean it up. Well, just as they were talking, all of the glitter came into one pile and turned into a Glitter Bear. And the glitter bear said, I want honey. And the Faluga Monster asked the Glitter Bear if he was friendly, and the bear said yes. And Izador told the Faluga Monster and also the Glitter Bear that they could all be friends, but that they needed to help clean first. So just as they were saying that, Isador said, I think we're going to need a third helper because there's so much to clean. And in walked from the window a leprechaun. And a leprechaun is a green, silly animal that has two legs and sometimes might like Lucky Charms, which is a breakfast cereal, and also sometimes could find gold and things like that. And the leprechaun crawled into the window, and there Izzy was. Izidor was there with the Faluga Monster, the Glitter Bear and the leprechaun. And the leprechaun said to Isador and the faluga monster and the glitter bear. The leprechaun said, we have to do teamwork to clean up. And all of them decided that they would clean up together, but they put on some music so that they could do a dance cleanup. And the Leprechaun started playing some music because he had a musical instrument with him called a harmonica. And it was so much fun for Isidor and the Glitter Bear and the Falluga Monster and the Leprechaun to have a glitter dance party as they were cleaning. Well, soon there was a knock on Isador's room, and the knock was from his mama. And Izidor told his mama, Mama, I still need a few minutes to play, because he didn't want his mama to see all of those special pretend monsters. And so Isador's mama said, okay, I'm just going to make you a snack. And Izador went in his room, and he told all of his friends that they were going to have to go away because he needed to go back to his mom. And the Faluga Monster and Glitter Bear and the Leprechaun said that they had a rocket ship waiting outside the window. And Isador said, I never saw that rocket ship outside my window. And they said they had just landed it there right next to a tree. And so Isador looked out of his window, and he saw right next to a tree that was outside of his house, there was a rocket ship. And the Falluga Monster and Glitter Bear and the Leprechaun all hopped out of the window and jumped up into the rocket, and they got inside the rocket and put on their astronaut suits. And Isador said, Where are you guys going to go? And they all said that they're going to visit space, but that they would come back when Isador turned six years old, and Isador and his mama and all of those special friends lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of this story. I'm going to make up a new story for you tomorrow. It's going to be a good story. Remember to tell your parents that you want to listen to the Makeup Stories podcast tomorrow. The way you tell your parents is you say, I want to listen to more makeup stories. Then you will get to listen to another story tomorrow. You should also tell your friends to listen to makeup stories. Listen again tomorrow.