Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a seven-year-old girl whose name was Francesca. Francesca was a very lucky girl because her family moved with Francesca to the biggest treehouse in the world. The biggest treehouse in the world was a treehouse where Francesca lived, and it was between three redwood trees near Glendale, California. It had seven floors, and there were ladders to get between floors. If you wanted to get out of Francesca's treehouse, there was a fireman's pole that you could use to get all the way to the bottom. Or there was a special swing that you could use to swing up and down, back and forth, right and left, in and out of the treehouse. The treehouse was camouflaged, so it was hard for people to find. But if you could go in the treehouse, you could be in Francesca's special club.

One day, Francesca went out of the treehouse with her mom, and she found something that looked a little bit like dog paw tracks, but was really not dog paw tracks, because it was from a unicorn. Francesca knew it was from a unicorn because it looked a little bit like horse feet, but it wasn't quite like horse feet. It was definitely from a unicorn. So Francesca started to follow the unicorn tracks to see if it was really from a unicorn. And do you know what she found? A unicorn? No. She found a baby horse. So it really wasn't a unicorn, even though it looked a little bit like unicorn tracks.

The baby horse was so little, it was even littler than a kid. The baby horse, when it saw Francesca, said, "neigh." Francesca was holding her mom's hand, and Francesca and her mom said, "Wow, we can't believe that the unicorn tracks really led to a baby horse." The baby horse was wearing a special crown, and it was also wearing gold horsey shoes. Francesca asked the horse how she could go to the horsey kingdom. The baby horse said that maybe if he becomes Francesca's pet, just like a doggie or a kitty, but it would be a horse pet, and the horse would be allowed inside the house. Then the baby princess horse would tell Francesca how to get to the horse kingdom. Francesca asked her mom if that was okay to have a horse in the house as a pet. Francesca's mom said, "I'm not sure. It might make a mess in the house." But the baby princess horse said, "Don't worry, because I'm a very clean horse, and I won't make a mess." So Francesca's mom had to say yes.

Francesca and her mom brought the horse back to their house in Glendale, California. When they got inside the house, they saw that the princess horse was really starting to get bigger. It got so big that it was big enough for a seven or eight-year-old girl to ride it. Francesca asked the princess horse, "Am I allowed to have a horsey ride on you when it's my birthday? Because it's about to be my birthday." The princess horse said to Francesca, "When it's your birthday, you could get a horsey ride on me."

Soon enough, it was Francesca's birthday. Francesca went right up to the princess horse that had the gold shoes and wore the crown. She asked the princess horse for a special ride. The princess horse said, "Is it your birthday today, Francesca?" Francesca said, "Yes." So the princess horse let Francesca go for a ride. When Francesca went on the princess horse, she realized that there was some magic because anyone who rides the horse becomes a princess or a prince. Francesca turned into a princess and suddenly got a princess dress on, and she became an expert horse rider, one of the best in the whole world.

Francesca rode the horse through her house outside of the front door, and when she got outside, she started to do big jumps. The princess horse was able to jump so high that it could jump with Francesca on it over a bush. Francesca was able to hold on, and the princess horse was able to go over obstacles and through water. Soon, everyone from Francesca's town came to cheer. All of Francesca's friends and the friends of Francesca's friends and their families came to start cheering because Francesca was putting on such a good horse show.

Francesca told the princess horse that they could take a break and start to eat. The princess horse said, "I only eat snow." Francesca said, "But it doesn't snow so much over here in Glendale, California." The princess horse said, "Don't worry. I know how to make it snow." Francesca asked, "How do I make it snow?" The princess horse showed Francesca that if she just rubbed on the princess horse's crown, then it started to snow. Francesca took her hand, and she started rubbing it on the golden twinkly horsey princess crown, and it started to snow. As the snow fell down, the princess horse started to eat the snow. When the princess horse ate the snow, it got magic powers.

Soon, the princess horse was so magical that it told Francesca it could turn a whole forest worth of trees into chocolate trees. The princess horse said, "Avra kevra we bolibogibel." Suddenly, the whole forest that was next to Glendale, California, turned into a chocolate forest. Everyone went right to it to eat everything. All of the kids in Glendale, California, came running. They started running and going towards the chocolate forest. All the parents were like, "Wait for us. Wait for us." Some of the kids didn't even have socks and shoes on, and the parents would say, "Wait for us before you go to the chocolate forest." The kids would use their bicycles and their scooters, and they tried. Even if a kid had a power wheels, it would race to the chocolate forest.

Francesca made the rules in the magic forest, which was made of chocolate. All of the kids had to listen to her. Francesca was so happy, and she had a great 8th birthday. Francesca and her family and all of the kids in Glendale, California, lived happily ever after.