Will I? Welcome to makeup toys. Hello. My name is Francesca. I live in Glendale, California. I'm seven years old, but I'm going to be turning 8 December 20. I would like a story about horses, snow, and chocolate. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a seven year old girl who lives in Glendale, California, and who's about to turn eight next week on December 20. That girl's name is Francesca. Happy birthday, Francesca. Francesca asked for us to make up a story that includes horses, snow, and chocolate. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a seven year old girl whose name was Francesca. Francesca was a very lucky girl because her family moved with Francesca to the biggest tree house in the world. The biggest tree house in the world was a treehouse where Francesca lived, and it was between three redwood trees near Glendale, California. And it had seven floors, and there was ladders to get between floors. And if you wanted to get out of Francesca's treehouse, there was a firemen pole that you could use to get all the way to the bottom. Or there was a special swing that you could use to swing up and down, back and forth, right and left, in and out of the treehouse. And the treehouse was camouflaged, so it was hard for people to find. But if you could go in the treehouse, you could be in Francesca's special club. Well, one day, Francesca went out of the treehouse with her mom, and she found something that looked a little bit like dog paw tracks, but was really not dog paw tracks, because really, it was from a unicorn. And Francesca knew it was from a unicorn because it looked a little bit like horse feet, but it wasn't quite like horse feet. It was definitely from a unicorn. So did she follow them to find out? Unicorn. So Francesca started to follow the unicorn tracks to see if it was really from a unicorn. And do you know what she found? A unicorn? No. She found a baby horse. So it really wasn't a unicorn, even though it looked a little bit like unicorn tracks. And the baby horse was so little, it was even littler than a kid. And the baby horse, when it saw Francesca, it said, nay. And Francesca was holding her mom's house and her mom's hand, and Francesca and her mom said, wow, we can't believe that the unicorn tracks really led to a baby horse. And the baby horse was wearing a special crown, and it was also wearing gold horsey shoes. Have you ever seen a horse wearing gold shoes, buddy? No. I haven't either. But there the baby horse was wearing a princess crown and gold shoes, and the baby horse was able to talk, and the horse said to Francesca, francesca, thanks for following the tracks and for finding me. I know you thought I was a unicorn at first, but really, I'm just a magic kind of horse. And the princess horse told Francesca that the princess horse's mama was a queen horse and her dad was a king horse. And they came from a horse kingdom where the king and queen horse, the baby horse's mom and dad were in charge, and everyone in the kingdom was a horsey, and they got to go as fast as they wanted on rides to different places. And Francesca asked the horse how she could go to that horsey kingdom. And the baby horse said that maybe if he becomes Francesca's pet, just like a doggie or a kitty, but it would be a horse pet, and the horse would be allowed inside the house. Then the baby princess horse would tell Francesca how to get to the horse kingdom. And Francesca asked her mom if that was okay to have a horse in the house as a pet. And Francesca's? Mama said I'm not sure. It might make a mess in the house. But the baby princess horse said, don't worry, because I'm a very clean horse, and I won't make a mess. So Francesca's mom had to say yes. Well, Francesca and her mom brought the horse back to their house in Glendale, California. And when they got inside the house, they saw that the princess horse was really starting to get bigger. It got so big that it was big enough for a seven or eight year old girl to ride it. And Francesca said to the princess horse, am I allowed to have a horsey ride on you when it's my birthday? Because it's about to be my birthday. And the princess horse said to Francesca, when it's your birthday, you could get a horsey ride on me? Well, soon enough, it was Francesca's birthday. And when Francesca got out of bed, even before saying, yippee and yay, it's my birthday, francesca went right up to the princess horse that had the gold shoes and wore the crown. And Francesca asked the princess horse to have a special ride. And the princess horse said, is it your birthday today, Francesca? And Francesca said, yes. So the princess horse let Francesca go for a ride. And when Francesca went on the princess horse, she realized that there was some magic, because anyone who rides the horse becomes a princess or a prince. So, buddy, do you know what happened to Francesca? She turned into a princess. She turned into a princess and suddenly got a princess dress on, and she became an expert horse rider, one of the best in the whole world. And so she rode the horse through her house outside of the front door, and when she got outside, she started to do big jumps. And this horse, the princess horse, since its mom was the queen of all horses and its dad was the king of all horses, it was able to jump so high and it could jump with Francesca on it over a bush. And Francesca was able to hold on and the princess horse was able to go over obstacles and it was able to go through water. And soon enough, everyone from Francesca's town kept coming to cheer. And all of Francesca's friends and all of the friends of Francesca's friends and their families came to start cheering because Francesca was putting on such a good horse show. Well, Francesca told the princess horse that they could take a break and start to eat. But do you know what, bud? The princess horse said, I only eat snow. And Francesca said, but it doesn't snow so much over here in Glendale, California. And the princess horse said, don't worry. I know how to make it snow. And Francesca said, how do I make it snow? And the princess horse showed Francesca that if Francesca just rubbed on the princess horse's crown, then it started to snow. And Francesca took her hand, and she started rubbing it on the golden twinkly horsey princess crown, and it started to snow. And snow is falling down from the sky. As the snow fell down, the princess horse started to eat the snow. And when the princess horse ate the snow, it got magic powers. And soon, the princess horse was so so magical that it told Francesca it could turn a whole forest worth of trees into chocolate trees. And the princess horse said, avra kevra we bolibogibel. And suddenly, the whole forest that was next to Glendale, California, turned into a chocolate forest. Everyone went right to it to eat everything. Yes. And all of the kids in Glendale, California, came running. They started running and going towards the chocolate forest. And all the parents were like, wait for us. Wait for us. And even some without socks and shoes on. Yeah. And some of the kids didn't even have socks and shoes on. And the parents would say, wait for us before you go to the chocolate forest. And the kids would use their bicycles and their scooters, and they tried. Even if a kid had a power wheels, it would race to the chocolate forest. And then Francesca made the rules in the magic forest, which was made of chocolate. And all of the kids had to listen to her. And Francesca was so happy, and she had a great 8th birthday. And Francesca and her family and all of the kids in Glendale, California, lived happily ever after, including underwear. What? No. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.