Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Dylan. Dylan was so happy because he and his mom were going to sleep in a cabin in the woods with their dad. When Dylan and his parents arrived at the cabin, they saw that the door had a special doorknob. The doorknob was shaped like a unicorn and had unicorn hair. To open the door, you had to pull the unicorn hair. So Dylan went right up to the door, pulled the unicorn tail, and the door to the cabin opened.

Inside the cabin, Dylan saw that the lights were disco lights. When you turned them on, lots of different disco lights danced all over the house. Dylan also saw that his bed said "Magical bed." He told his parents they should have an early dinner so he could sleep in the magic bed. Dylan's parents agreed, so Dylan quickly ate his dinner and drank some water. Then he went to the bathroom, put on his pajamas, brushed his teeth, and got ready for bed. When it was time for his bedtime, Dylan's mom and dad sang him a song and played Makeup Stories as Dylan lay down in his bed with his head on the pillow of the magic bed. Dylan started to fall asleep while listening to Makeup Stories on the magic bed.

When Dylan fell asleep on the magic bed, he woke up in a place filled with dinosaurs. These dinosaurs didn't have regular legs; instead, they had wheels where their toes should be. But they still had regular dinosaur legs and tails. Some of them could even fly like velociraptors or pterodactyls. There were so many dinosaurs where Dylan woke up after sleeping in the magic bed. Some of the dinosaurs had lots of teeth. One of them was a kid T-Rex who wasn't yet grown up. The T-Rex walked right up to Dylan, and Dylan could tell it was friendly because it looked like it wanted to play.

The T-Rex told Dylan that he had an emergency and needed Dylan's help. The T-Rex said that every night his mama tried to brush his teeth with toothpaste that didn't taste yummy. The T-Rex really wanted Dylan's help to go to the toothpaste factory and find yummier toothpaste. Dylan said, "But I just woke up in this dinosaur land. I don't know how we could get different dinosaur toothpaste." The dinosaur said, "Please, it's so important because dinosaurs have more teeth than people. So the toothpaste lasts so long in my dinosaur mouth." Dylan said, "I have an idea." The little dinosaur asked, "What is your idea?" Dylan said, "We need to find an alligator to help us."

So Dylan and the kid T-Rex started walking around. The kid T-Rex had wheels on his toes, so he used his wheels to get around until they found a pond with an alligator named Ally the Alligator. Ally was a big girl alligator who loved to tell jokes. She also liked the kind of toothpaste that dinosaurs didn't like. Ally told the T-Rex, "How about I sneakily take your toothpaste from your mama and dada, and you sneakily take my toothpaste from my mama and dada? Then you'll get yummy toothpaste for a dinosaur, and I'll get yummy toothpaste for an alligator?" Dylan said that was a good plan.

Dylan and the T-Rex went back to the T-Rex's house, which was in a giant museum because regular houses were too small for a T-Rex. When they got to the museum, Dylan saw that there was so much toothpaste because dinosaurs needed a lot of toothpaste. Ally the Alligator whispered to Dylan, "I'm going to sneak this toothpaste out of the museum and back to my alligator house by the pond." Dylan agreed, and before the dinosaur's mama came back, Ally snuck all the toothpaste away to her alligator house. Then she came back to the museum and brought all of her alligator toothpaste to trade.

When the T-Rex's mama came back home to the museum, she asked the T-Rex what he did that day. The T-Rex said, "Well, I just met a person named Dylan." The T-Rex's mama asked if Dylan was on a magic bed, and the T-Rex said yes because Dylan did wake up in a magic bed. The T-Rex's mama told Dylan that the magic bed allowed him to be awake while he was still sleeping and go anywhere he wanted in his dreams. That's why Dylan went to a dinosaur place in his dreams.

Dylan explained to the T-Rex's mama how his magical bed worked. The T-Rex also said, "Mom, we did something silly. We switched toothpaste." The T-Rex's mama looked at the new toothpaste and asked if it was a yummy kind for the T-Rex. The kid T-Rex said yes, and the mama decided it was a good trade. She also showed the baby T-Rex her new dinosaur car. Dinosaur cars were silly because these dinosaurs already had wheels on their legs. The dinosaur put his feet under the car, turned on the engine, and the wheels moved faster.

But Dylan realized that he had been in the magic bed for so long that he wanted to wake up in the cabin again to tell his parents. So Dylan said, "Wake up. Wake up." And he woke up in the magic bed in the cabin in the woods that had the unicorn as the doorknob. Dylan and his family lived happily ever after. The end.