Welcome to makeup stories. My name is AraDNA. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends my freeze old. I live in Australia. I want a story about a faith, a regica, and dark. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Dylan who lives in Melbourne, Australia, and who turned four years old yesterday on April 4. And so we want to say happy birthday, Dylan. Happy birthday, Dylan. And Dylan asked for us to make up a story that includes a thief, which is somebody who takes things without permission, a race car and a dinosaur. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Dylan. Dylan was so happy because Dylan and his mom were going to sleep with their dad also in a cabin in the woods. And when Dylan and his parents got to the cabin in the woods, they saw that the door of the cabin had a special doorknob. The doorknob was so special because it was in the shape of a unicorn and had unicorn hair. And if you wanted to open the door to get into the cabin in middle of the woods where Dylan and his family were staying, you had to pull the unicorn hair. So Dylan went right up to the door, and instead of turning a doorknob, he pulled the unicorn tail and the door to the cabin opened. Once the door to the cabin opened, dylan saw that the lights were disco lights. And whenever you turned on the lights, there were lots of different disco lights that went all over the house. And then Dylan saw that his bed said Magical bed. So he told his parents they should have an early dinner and then he would sleep in the magic bed. Dylan's parents said, okay, so Dylan gobbled down some dinner as quickly as he could and he drank some water. And then he went to the bathroom and put on his pajamas and he got ready for bed and he brushed his teeth. When it was time for his bedtime, dylan's mom and dad started singing him a song and they put on makesup Stories as Dylan was laying down in his bed and laying with his head on his pillow on the magic bed. And Dylan started to fall asleep as he was listening to makeup stories on the magic bed. And when Dylan fell asleep on the magic bed, he woke up and he was somewhere else in the place where Dylan woke up. There were so many dinosaurs. And all of the dinosaurs didn't have regular dinosaur legs, but instead they had wheels where their toes were supposed to be. But they still had regular dinosaur legs and regular dinosaur tails. And they were big like dinosaurs. And some of them could fly like the flying dinosaurs, like a velociraptor or pterodactyl or pterodactyl. And there were so many dinosaurs where Dylan woke up after sleeping in the magic bed. And some of the dinosaurs had so many teeth. And there was one dino, like a Trex? Yeah, like a trex. And there was a kid Trex who wasn't yet grown up, who walked right up to Dylan. And Dylan could tell it was a friendly T. Rex because this Trex looks like he wanted to play. And the Trex told Dylan that he had an emergency and needed some of Dylan's help. And Dylan said, what is it? What is it? And the Trex told Dylan that every night the Trex's mama tries to brush the Trex's teeth with toothpaste that doesn't taste yummy. And the Trex really wanted some help from Dylan to go to the toothpaste factory and to find a place where the toothpaste is yummier. So Dylan said, But I just woke up in this dinosaur land. I don't know how we could get different dinosaur toothpaste. And the dinosaur said, Please, it's so important because dinosaurs have more teeth than people. So the toothpaste lasts so long in my dinosaur mouth. And Dylan said, I have an idea. And the little dinosaur said, what is your idea? And Dylan said, we need to find an alligator to help us. And so Dylan and the kid Trex started walking around. The kid Trex had wheels on his toes, so he used his wheels to get around until they found a pond where there was an alligator named Ally the Alligator. And Ally the Alligator was also a big girl alligator, but she was so silly because she loved to do so many jokes. And also the kind of toothpaste that dinosaurs don't like. That's the same kind of toothpaste that alligators do like. And alligators also have a lot of teeth. And Ally the Alligator told the dinosaur the Trex, how about I sneakily steal your toothpaste from your mama and dada and then you sneakily steal my toothpaste from my mama and dada, and then you'll get yummy toothpaste for a dinosaur, and I'll get yummy toothpaste for an alligator? And Dylan said that was a good plan. So Dylan went with the Trex back to the Trex's house. The Trex's house was so big, it was in a giant museum because there wasn't a lot of room in a regular house for a Trex. Regular houses are too small. When the Trex got to the museum, dylan saw that there was so much toothpaste because a person could just put a little bit of toothpaste to brush their teeth. But dinosaurs need a lot of toothpaste. And Ally, the alligator was following. So Ally the Alligator whispered into Dylan's ears, dylan, I'm going to sneak this toothpaste out of the museum and back to my alligator house by the pond. And Dylan said, okay. And before the dinosaur's mama came back, ally the Alligator snuck all the toothpaste away to her alligator house. And then she came back to the museum and brought all of her alligator toothpaste to the museum. So it was a trade. And then the Trex's mama came back home to the museum, and the Trex's mama said to the T Rex, what did you do today? And the Trex said, Well, I just met a person and his name is Dylan. And the T Rex's mama said, was that person on a magic bed? And the Trex said yes, because Dylan did wake up in a magic bed. And the Trex's mama told Dylan that the magic bed allows you to be awake while you're still sleeping, and you could go anywhere you want in your dreams. And so the reason that Dylan went to a dinosaur place in his dreams is because that's what he was thinking about. So if you're on a magic bed, and this is most beds are not magical. So in regular kid beds, you don't even have to try it, it's not going to work. But there are some kid beds that work as magical beds, where you could just dream about something and then it could be real while you're dreaming it. So that's how Dylan's magical bed worked. And Dylan explained it to the Trex's mama. And the Trex also said, mom, we did something so silly, we switched toothpaste. And the T Rex's mama looked at the new toothpaste and said, is that a yummy kind for you? And the kid? T rex said yes. And the mama decided it was a good trade, and she said Good job. And the mama Trex also showed the baby Trex it's actually a big kid Trex that she got a new dinosaur car. Dinosaur cars are very silly because dinosaurs already have these kinds of dinosaurs have wheels on their legs. So the way dinosaur cars go is the dinosaur puts his feet under the car, and then he puts the key in the engine, and when it turns on, the dinosaur sits in the dinosaur car and then the wheels move faster. So that's how dinosaur cars work. But Dylan realized that he was in the magic bed for so long that he wanted to wake up in the cabin again to tell his parents. So Dylan said, wake up. Wake up. And he woke up in the magic bed in the cabin in the woods that had the unicorn as the doorknob. And Dylan and his family lived happily ever after. The end. You thanks for listening to Makeup Stories, the best podcast ever. Sell your friends.