Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived in an igloo in the North Pole. Igloos are like houses with round tops, made out of blocks of ice, and they're all white. Jonah and Jesse had lots of fun things inside their igloo. One of the most exciting things was a secret train station. Because they lived in the North Pole, the train station went all the way to Santa's toy factory. Jonah and Jesse were never allowed to actually go in the train station. Their parents said they could only go if it was Christmas or their birthday, and they had to wear a blindfold over their eyes, so they couldn't even see anything. It felt a bit like a magic train ride, and they always wanted to see what was happening.

Another cool thing about their igloo was that there was a bakery inside. In the bakery, they made lots of treats like chocolate chip cookies and donuts. The bakery was the biggest one in the whole town. Sometimes, Jonah and Jesse got to eat cookies, donuts, or other yummy things like cakes that they made in the bakery. But they were still a little sad that they couldn't go on the train more often because sometimes, as they were falling asleep, they would hear the train under the igloo go, and they always wanted to go on it.

One day, they heard a ding-dong on the doorbell from their house, and Jesse opened the door. He saw that it was the mailman. The mailman asked if Jesse's name was Jesse, and Jesse confirmed that he was Jesse. The mailman told him that Jesse had a special letter addressed just to him. He said there was another letter for Jonah, and he gave one letter to Jesse and one letter to Jonah. Jesse said, "Thank you," and the mailman left.

When Jesse went inside, the piece of mail started to float in the air inside their igloo as if there was a wind that went in with the door when Jesse closed it. The mail floated all the way past Jesse and all the way past Jonah, right into the bakery, into some yummy dough where they were putting in chocolate chips for cookies. Jesse and Jonah ran over to the bowl where the dough was with the chocolate chip cookies to get their mail. But their mom told them not to put their fingers inside the bowl with the dough and the chocolate chip cookies because it could be dangerous and it could get the chocolate chips or the dough a little dirty.

Jonah and Jesse asked what they could do, and Jesse's mom said that she would take the envelopes out. She took both of the envelopes out of the dough with the chocolate chip cookies. Jesse and Jonah got some scissors to open the envelopes, and they cut the envelopes with their special scissors. They opened them and saw that there were tickets inside. Jesse asked Jonah what the tickets said. Jonah started to read the ticket, and as he read it, his voice changed. Jonah's voice sounded like a wizard's voice. Instead of reading, "Free ticket to the North Pole Factory," Jonah read it in a wizard's voice, "Free ticket to the North Pole Factory." Jesse tried it too, and when he looked at the letter, it read by itself, even though Jesse couldn't read yet. It read in a wizard's voice for Jesse also.

Jesse's mom and Jonah's mom were looking at this and said they didn't know the kids knew how to read like grown-ups. Jonah and Jesse said that the mailman gave them the letters, and they asked if that meant they could go to the train station that night. Jesse's mom said, "Okay." Under the bakery, there was a secret drawer. When they opened up the drawer, a part of the floor opened up. Jesse pulled the drawer open, and the floor next to the bakery opened up, revealing a hole inside. Jesse and Jonah went down a circular, spinny, twirly slide and got all the way down to the train station.

When they got to the train station, they saw that there were lots of lights, and the lights were surrounded by ice cubes that would blink. When they blinked, they made the ice look like pretty colors. The train tracks were not made of regular pieces of metal; they were made of ice also. The train itself looked like it was made out of paper, but when you touched it, it was very hard and a little bit sticky.

Jesse and Jonah showed their ticket to the conductor, and the ticket floated up. Before the conductor could read it, it read itself, saying, "Free train rides to the North Pole Factory." The door to the train opened up magically. The conductor said "abaluda," which means "all aboard" in the North Pole language. Jonah and Jesse saw that there was a little tiny escalator that went onto the train, and they went onto the escalator onto the train. It was a really fun escalator because it didn't just go straight up; it also went side to side a little bit.

When Jesse and Jonah got on the train, they asked if they had to cover their eyes and wear a blindfold like they did when it was their birthday or Christmas time. The conductor of the train said that they didn't have to. When Jesse and Jonah looked around for the first time, they saw that there were a lot of cool things in the train. The part of the train they were in was where all of the butterflies lived. There were lots of butterflies flying around the train, but these butterflies were also able to speak, and they made silly noises like the kind of noise that Jonah made earlier.

The butterflies told Jonah and Jesse that when butterflies are born, they start as caterpillars, but then they turn into butterflies. These butterflies told Jonah and Jesse that after they turn into butterflies, they go into the bellies of mamas, and then they turn into people. They were special kinds of butterflies: first, they were caterpillars, then they were butterflies, and then they could be born into people. Jonah and Jesse weren't sure if the butterflies were tricking them because the butterflies used to laugh so much on that train.

The butterflies started to flap their wings, and when they flapped their wings, the train floated above the ice track, and it was off to the toy factory. Jesse and Jonah were so happy that they finally got to go to the toy factory. I'll have to tell you a different time what they found in that toy factory because this story is getting a little long. Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end.