Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is elian. Go to makeupstory.com to join the makeup club. Nayo AI. Okay, jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? A male that can say stuff by itself. Mail, like a letter in an envelope that could say stuff all by itself. And Jonah, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? I want it to be about something that makes a noise like pew. Okay. Jonah wants it to be about something that makes a noise like pew. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named jonah and jesse. And jonah and jesse lived in an igloo in the north pole. Igloos are like houses that have round tops, and the houses are built out of blocks of ice, and they're all white. And Jonah and Jesse, they had a lot of fun things inside of the igloo. And one of the funnest things that was inside of the igloo was there was a secret train station. And because they lived in the north pole, the train station went all the way to santa's toy factory. And jonah and Jesse, they were never allowed to actually go in the train station. Their parents said, except if it was like christmas or their birthday, and if it was christmas or their birthday, then they were allowed to go on the train for a quick ride to the biggest toy factory in the whole north pole. But they had to wear a blindfold on top of their eyes, so they couldn't even see anything. And so it felt a little bit like a magic train ride, and they always wanted to see what was going on. And another cool thing about the igloo that they lived in was that there was a bakery inside of the igloo. And in the bakery, they made lots of things like chocolate chip cookies and donuts, and the bakery was the biggest bakery in the whole town. And so sometimes jonah and jesse got to eat, like, cookies or donuts or other yummy things like cakes that they made in the bakery. But they were still a little bit sad that they couldn't go in the train more times, because sometimes as they were falling asleep, they would hear, like, the train under the igloo go, and they always wanted to go on it. Well, one day, they heard a ding dong on the doorbell from their house, and jesse opened up the door, and he saw that it was the mailman. And the mailman said, is your name jesse? And jesse said that he was jesse. And the mailman told him that jesse had a special letter that was addressed just to him. And he said there was another letter for jonah, and he gave one letter to jesse and one letter to jonah, and Jesse said, thank you, and the mailman left. And then when jesse went inside, the piece of mail started like there was a wind that went in with the door when Jesse closed the door and the piece of mail started to float in the wind in the air inside their Igloo. And it floated all the way past Jesse and all the way past Jonah, right into the bakery, into some yummy dough where they were putting in chocolate chips for cookies. And Jesse and Jonah ran over to the bowl where the dough was with the chocolate chip cookies to get their mail. But their mom told them not to put their fingers inside the bowl with the dough and the chocolate chip cookies because, well, one, that could be dangerous, and two, it could get the chocolate chips or the dough a little bit dirty. And so Jonah and Jesse said, well, what can we even do? And Jesse's mom said that she would take it out. And so she took both of the envelopes out of the dough with the chocolate chip cookies. And then Jesse and Jonah got some scissors to open it and they cut the envelopes with their special scissors and they opened it and they saw that there were tickets inside. And Jesse said to Jonah, well, what do the tickets even say? And Jonah started to read the ticket. And it said out loud, while Jonah was reading it, jonah's voice changed. And Jonah's voice sort of sounded like a wizard's voice, like instead of when Jonah what the ticket said is free ticket to the North Pole Factory. But instead of Jonah reading it like, free ticket to the North Pole Factory. When Jonah started to read it, his voice changed into a wizard's voice, and it said, free ticket to the North Pole Factory. And then Jesse said, hey, let me try that. And when Jesse looked at the letter, it read by itself, even though Jesse couldn't read yet. And it read in a wizard's voice for Jesse also. And Jesse's mom. And Jonah's mom was looking at this and she was like, I didn't know you guys knew how to read like grownups. I thought, Jonah, you could read like a kid. And Jesse, you're still learning to read. And Jesse and Jonah said that the mailman gave them that letter and they asked if that meant that they could go to the train station that night. And Jesse's mom said, okay, so under the bakery there is a secret drawer. And when you opened up the drawer, there was a part of the floor that opened up. So Jesse pulled the drawer open and then the floor next to the bakery opened up and there was a hole inside. And Jesse and Jonah went down a circle, like spinny, twirly, slide, and they got all the way down to the train station. When they got to the train station, they saw that there were lots of lights in the train station, and the lights were surrounded by ice cubes and they would blink. And when it blinked it made the ice look nice colors. And on the bottom, the train tracks were not made of regular pieces of metal. The train tracks in this train station, they were made of ice also. And the train itself, it looked like it was made out of paper, but when you touched it, it was very hard, and it was also a little bit sticky. And so Jesse and Jonah showed their ticket to the conductor, and the ticket floated up, and before the conductor could read it, it read itself, and it said, free train rides to the north pole factory. And the door to the train opened up magically. And the conductor said abaluda, which means all aboard in the north Pole language. And then Jonah and Jesse saw that there was a little tiny escalator that went onto the train, and they went onto the escalator, onto the train. And it was a really fun escalator, because it was the kind of escalator that didn't just go straight up. It also went side to side a little bit. Well, when Jesse and Jonah got on the train, they asked if they had to cover their eyes and wear a blindfold like they did when it was their birthday or Christmas time. And the conductor of the train said that they didn't have to. And when Jesse and Jonah looked around for the first time, they saw that there were a lot of cool things in the train. The part of the train that they were in was where all of the butterflies lived. And so there were lots of butterflies that were flying around the train, but those butterflies were also able to speak, and they made silly noises, like the kind of noise that Jonah made earlier. And the butterflies, they told Jonah and Jesse that butterflies, when they're born, they start off by being caterpillars, but then they turn into butterflies. And these butterflies told Jonah and Josie that after they turn into butterflies, then they go into the bellies of mamas, and then they turn into people. So there's special kinds of butterflies that first they're caterpillars, then they're butterflies, and then they could be born into people. And Jonah and Jesse weren't sure if the butterflies were tricking them, because the butterflies, they used to laugh so much in that train. Well, the butterflies started to flap their wings. And when they flapped their wings, the train floated above the ice track, and it was off to the toy factory. And Jesse and Jonah were so happy that they finally got to go to the toy factory. And I'll have to tell you a different time what they found in that toy factory, because this story is getting a little long. And Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end. My name is Yandin. Thanks for listening to the story. Make stories.com to join the cab. Tell your friends.