Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a five-year-old girl named Arusha. Sometimes, Arusha liked to wear a blue princess dress. Whenever she wore the princess dress, she would pretend to be a princess. Arusha and her parents would sometimes go to the playground while she was dressed up in her princess costume.

One day, when Arusha and her parents were going to the playground, they saw a little birdie that looked like it had fallen out of a tree. It was just a baby bird. Arusha picked up the baby bird and told it that everything would be okay. The baby bird went into Arusha's hands. Arusha asked her mom and dad if she could bring the birdie home to play with after the playground, and her parents said yes.

First, Arusha went to the playground. When she went down the slide, the little birdie went down the slide with her. When Arusha went on the swing, the little birdie sat in her lap. The little birdie was her friend and stayed next to her. All the other kids in the playground really wanted to touch Arusha's bird. Arusha shared, but she made everyone take their turn.

Soon, it was time for Arusha and her parents to go back home, and they brought the bird with them. When they got to their house, Arusha had to change out of her princess costume and put on some other big girl clothes. After Arusha got out of her princess costume, the little birdie decided to hop in it. Once the little birdie hopped into Arusha's blue princess costume, it started to get bigger. The little birdie's wings grew bigger and bigger until it was as big as a condor. It was still wearing Arusha's princess dress, which had also grown bigger. So, it became the biggest condor in the world, wearing Arusha's princess dress, while Arusha was wearing regular big girl clothes.

They went outside, and the giant condor told Arusha that they could be friends. Arusha and her parents asked the giant condor what it could do. The giant condor told them that they could put a car seat on its back, and it could fly them in the air all the way to a special monster truck rally. Arusha and her parents thought that was a good idea. They got Arusha's car seat out of their car and strapped it onto the giant condor. They also used ropes for seatbelts for Arusha's parents because birds don't have seatbelts. They decided to bring parachutes and nets just in case they fell off if the condor made a fast turn. But the condor was very good at flying, and they had a fun and safe ride until they got to the monster truck rally.

At the monster truck rally, one of the monster trucks had an engine that stopped working. The condor flew there and was so strong that it picked up the monster truck. After the condor put the monster truck back, the owner was able to fix the engine. The condor was still getting bigger and stronger as Arusha was going for a ride, so it had to fly high in the sky. When the condor flapped its wings, the wing flaps were so strong that it made tornadoes on the ground. Some people were swooped off the ground. Arusha and her parents told the condor to be careful and slow down. When the condor squawked, it sounded like thunder. Arusha told the condor to slow down because it was making big storms on the ground. The condor agreed.

Arusha asked the condor why it was sad and angry. The condor said it had a friend who was a Triceratops, a dinosaur with three horns. The Triceratops wasn't sharing a ball, and the condor wanted to play soccer with it. The Triceratops wanted to use the ball to play catch. The condor needed to fly very fast to tell the Triceratops's mom that it was getting in trouble. Arusha said she would tell her parents, and they could talk to the Triceratops's parents.

Arusha told her parents about the Triceratops not sharing the ball. Her parents talked to the Triceratops's parents, and they told the Triceratops to share. The Triceratops apologized and said there was a secret treasure map under the ball. Arusha said they could all look at the treasure map together. The Triceratops agreed and shared the ball with the condor and Arusha, and they all looked at the treasure map.

When they looked at the treasure map, part of it was twinkly. Arusha had a little flashlight, and when she shined it onto the treasure map, part of it looked like it was made out of gold. Arusha asked the condor if it knew where the treasure map led. The condor said it led to a ChuChu train in Tilden Park. Arusha asked her parents where Tilden Park was, and they told the condor to fly to the forest where the ChuChu train was. They all flew to Tilden Park, where there was a little ChuChu train for them to go on and share with the condor.

It was getting late, so Arusha had to go home. She said goodbye to the condor, the Triceratops, and the conductor of the train, who was a prince. Arusha went home and lived happily ever after. The end.