Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Murphy. Makeup Story is the best podcast ever. My name is Arusha. I live in Berkeley, California. I work, and I have a brother named I'd like a story about I'd like to tell you about a condor, a Trace, Sarajas, and a prince and princess. I love your story. I listen to them every night. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a girl named Arusha and her two year old brother Sam, who live in Berkeley, California. And Arusha turns five today on January 18. And so I want to say happy birthday, Arusha. And Arusha asks for us to make up a story that is about a condor, triceratops, which is a kind of dinosaur, and a prince and a princess. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a five year old girl whose name was Arusha. Sometimes Arusha liked to wear a blue princess dress. And whenever Arusha would wear the princess dress, she would like to play and pretend that she was a princess. And Arusha and her parents would sometimes go to the playground while Arusha was dressed up in her princess costume. One day, when Arusha and her parents were going to the playground, they saw a little birdie that looked like it had fallen out of the tree, and it was just a baby bird. And Arusha picked up the baby bird and told the baby bird that it would be okay. And the baby bird went in Arusha's hands. Arusha asked her mom and her dad if she could bring the birdie home to play with after the playground, and Arusha's parents said yes. So first, Arusha went to the playground, and when Arusha went down the slide, the little birdie went down the slide with her. And when Arusha went on the swing, the little birdie sat in Arusha's lap. And whatever Arusha did, the little birdie would be her friend and stay next to her. And all of the other kids in the playground really wanted to touch Arusha's bird. And Arusha got to decide who got permission. And Arusha shared, but she made everyone take their turn. Well, soon it was time for Arusha and her parents to go back home, and they brought the bird with them. When Arusha and her parents got to their house, arusha had to change out of her princess costume, and she needed to put on some other big girl clothes. After Arusha got out of her princess costume, the little birdie decided to hop in it. Once the little birdie hopped into Arusha's blue princess costume, what happened was the little birdie started to get bigger. The little birdie's wings started first to be not like a little bird, but like as big as a pigeon. And then the wings kept growing, and then they were as big as, like a hawks wings, and they kept growing, and they were as big as an eagle's wings, and it kept growing. And growing until the little birdie that Arusha found outside, next to a tree was it as big as a condor? It was as big as a condor. And it was still wearing Arusha's princess dress, because as the bird got bigger, the princess dress that it was wearing, which was really Arusha's princess dress, got bigger, too. And so it became the biggest condor in the world, and it was wearing Arusha's princess dress, and Arusha was wearing regular big girl clothes. They went outside, and the little bird, which was now a giant condor, told Arusha that they could be friends. And Arusha said, okay, well, Arusha and her parents told the giant condor that they wanted to see what it could do. So the giant condor told Arusha and her parents that they could put a car seat on the back of the condor, and it could fly with them in the air all the way to a special monster truck rally. And Arusha and her parents said, that's a good idea. So they got Arusha's car seat out of their car, and they strapped it onto the giant condor. And they also used ropes for seatbelts for Arusha's parents, because birds don't really have seatbelts on them. And they also decided to bring parachutes and nets just in case they fell off if the condor made a fast turn. But the condor was very good at flying, and really, they had a fun and safe ride until they got to a monster truck rally. At the monster truck rally, one of the monster trucks had an engine that stopped working. So do you know what the condor did? Bud? He flew there. He flew there, and he was so strong, he was able to pick up a monster truck. And after the condor picked up the monster truck and put it back, the owner of the monster truck was able to fix the engine. And the condor was still getting bigger and stronger as Arusha was going for a ride. So they had to go out. Even so, it had to go out, and it started to fly high in the sky. And soon, when the condor flapped its wings, the wing flaps were so strong, it made like tornadoes on the ground, because it made so much wind, and some people were swooped off of the ground. So some people were kind of falling, and Arusha was saying, Be careful, condor. Be careful. And Arusha's parents were also saying, Slow down. But the condor squawked. And you know how when a bird makes a sound, usually it's like Tweet. Tweet. Or a big bird can make a bigger sound? When this condor squawked, it sounded like thunder. It was like a kaboom. And Arusha told the condor that it should slow down because it was making big storms under the clouds on the ground. And the condor said okay. And then the condor slowed down, and Arusha said, Condor, why did you get so sad? And so angry. And the condor said that he has a friend who is a Triceratops, and the Triceratops friend is a dinosaur that has three horns. And the condor said that the Triceratops wasn't sharing a ball, and the condor really wanted that ball because he liked to play soccer, and birds are good at soccer because they're allowed to carry the ball and hit it in the air. And the Triceratops was saying, no, you can't use that ball to play soccer, because I want to use that ball to play catch. And the condor was saying that he needed to fly very fast to get back to the Triceratops to tell the Triceratops's mom that it was getting in trouble. And Arusha told the condor that she will just tell her parents that the Triceratops wasn't sharing. And then Arusha's parents could talk to the Triceratops's parents, and then they could talk like parents, and the condor said that was a good idea. So Arusha told her parents that the Triceratops wasn't sharing the ball with the condor. And Arusha's parents talked to the Triceratops's parents, and they told the Triceratops it really needed to share. And the Triceratops said that he was sorry and that the reason he didn't want to share the ball is because that under the ball there was a secret treasure map. And Arousa said you could still share the ball with the Triceratops. I mean, Triceratops, you could still share the ball with the condor, and we can all look at the treasure map together. And so the Triceratops said he was sorry and he shared the ball with the condor and with Arusha, and they all looked at the treasure map. When they looked at the treasure map, they saw that part of it was twinkly, and Arusha even had a little flashlight with her. And when she shined the flashlight onto the treasure map, part of the treasure map looked like it was made out of gold. And Arusha asked the condor if it knew where the treasure map led. And the condor said he thinks that it leads to a ChuChu train in Tilden Park. And so Arusha asked her parents where Tilden Park was, and Arusha's parents told the Condor it needed to fly to that forest where the ChuChu train was. And Arusha and her parents flew the Condor all the way to Tilden Park, where there was a little ChuChu for them to go on and to share with the condor. And it was getting late, so Arusha had to go home. So she said goodbye to the Condor, to the Triceratops, and also to the conductor of the train, who was a prince. And Arusha went home and lived happily ever after. The end. It. Thanks for listening. If your birthday is in February or March, and you want me to make up a story for you, then go to the Makeup Stories Facebook page@facebook.com makeup stories, and follow the instructions for how to submit a story. Thanks for listening.