Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old girl named Rosie. Rosie was about to turn five years old, and the fair was coming to town. Rosie's mom told her, "Soon it's going to be your birthday, and the fair will be here." Rosie asked, "Will there be a circus?" Her mom said, "Yes." Rosie then asked, "Will there be rides?" Her mom said yes. Rosie also asked, "Will there be a volcano?" Her mom replied, "I don't know."

Soon enough, the fair arrived in town. Rosie and her mom saw lots of tents and plenty of space for everyone. At the fair, there were special candies like chocolate, cotton candy, and caramel-covered apples for kids to enjoy. There were also fun rides. One ride was a swing that went all the way around in a circle, and it had a seatbelt, so it wasn't scary. Another ride was a safe rocket ship that went up a little bit before the child fell into a pool, with lifeguards and parents watching.

As Rosie explored the fair, an old man with a blue wizard's hat and twinkly, shiny clothes approached her. Rosie and her mom asked who he was. The old man said he was an ancient magician named Maggie, the best magician to ever live, and the only person who knew how to live forever. Rosie and her mom asked, "What kind of magic tricks can you do, Maggie the Magician?"

Maggie told Rosie to look in his hat. Rosie found water bottles that turned into jars of jelly and candy when she picked them up. All the kids at the fair gathered to watch Maggie perform more magic tricks with water bottles.

Maggie the magician then told everyone, "I have an important announcement. I know the most special tricks. Can you all look at that mountain in front of you?" All the kids looked at the giant cone-shaped mountain. Maggie said, "I am going to do the best magic trick in the world." He said, "Kapoof. Kapoom." The mountain turned into a ketchup volcano, with ketchup flowing like lava. Maggie then made French fries, chicken nuggets, hot dogs, and vegetables appear for the kids to dip in the ketchup.

Maggie told Rosie he had an even better magic trick. He showed them the biggest trampoline in the world, made of many rubber bands. The trampoline was so strong that it let the kids jump all the way to the moon. On the moon, Rosie and her friends discovered a talking flower with cherries for eyes and a cucumber mouth.

Rosie asked, "How will we get down?" Maggie attached a magic rope from the moon to Earth for the kids to climb or slide down. Rosie thanked Maggie for the special tricks. Rosie's mom said it was time to go home, so they left the fair. Rosie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.