Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old girl whose name was Rosie. And Rosie was about to turn five years old, and the fair was coming into town. Rosie's mom told Rosie, "Soon it's going to be your birthday, and the fair will come into town." And Rosie said, "Will there be a circus?" And Rosie's mom said, "Yes." And Rosie asked, "Will there be rides?" And Rosie's mom said yes. And Rosie asked, "Will there be a volcano?" And Rosie's mom said, "I don't know."

Well, soon enough, the fair came to town. And Rosie and her mom saw there were lots of tents and there was plenty of space for all people to go around. And in the fair, there were lots of special candies, like chocolate and cotton candy and caramel-covered apples for kids to eat. There were also fun rides. There was a swing that didn't just go up and down a little bit, but you could go all the way around a whole circle in the air, and you got strapped on, so the swing would go all the way around. And it was a lot of fun for kids to go on. And it wasn't scary because there was a seatbelt. Another ride in the fair was something that attaches kids to a safe rocket ship. The rocket ship doesn't go all the way in space because it has a hose attached to it. And when the hose turns on, it makes the rocket ship go, but it only goes up a little bit, and then the kid falls into a pool, and the kid can swim. And there are lifeguards watching. And also parents.

Well, Rosie was looking around the special fair, looking for things to play with, when suddenly there was an old man that came up to her. The old man had a blue wizard's hat, and it also looked like his clothes were kind of twinkly and shiny. And Rosie and her mom asked the old man who he was. And the old man said that he was an ancient magician, the best magician to ever live, and that he was the only person that knew how to live forever. And Rosie looked at the magician and did see that he looked very old. And the magician said, "My name is Maggie the Magician. I am the oldest living magician in the whole world. I lived so far back, even before your grandparents and their parents and even their parents. And I can do the most amazing magic tricks in the whole world." And Rosie and her mom said, "Well, what kind of magic tricks can you do, Maggie the Magician?"

And the magician told Rosie to look in his hat. And do you know what Rosie saw in his hat? Rosie saw water bottles. And when she picked up one of the water bottles, instead of just having water in it, it turned into a jar that had jelly. And she said, "Wow, that's a cool magic trick." And the magician said, "Okay, put your hand in my hat again and see what comes out." And Rosie took another water bottle out of the magician's hat, and do you know what it turned into this time? A jar full of candy. And Rosie said she was so lucky. So all of the kids in the whole fair came up to watch this great magician named Maggie as Rosie told him to make so many candy jars out of water bottles.

But Maggie the magician told everyone, "Kids, I have an important announcement. Because I'm the oldest magician in the world, I know the most special tricks. Can you all look at that mountain that's in front of you?" And all of the kids looked at the great giant cone-shaped mountain that was in front of them. The mountain was the shape of an upside-down ice cream cone, and it was very big. And the magician said to the children, "I am going to do the best magic trick in the world." And Rosie said, "What's it going to be?" And the magician said, "Kapoof. Kapoom." And do you know what happened to that great giant, big mountain that was the shape of an upside-down ice cream cone? It turned into a volcano, and it was a ketchup volcano. And ketchup kept flowing like lava down that big, upside-down ice cream cone-shaped mountain. And there was ketchup that was splattering everywhere in all the cars and all of the rides in the fair.

And so the magician said, "Don't worry, kids." And the magician started to make French fries and chicken nuggets, and hot dogs appear. And the kids started to dip their chicken nuggets and French fries and hot dogs and other yummy foods and some vegetables, too, actually, in the ketchup. And it was so yummy. All of the kids were having such a fun time. But Maggie the magician told Rosie, "Rosie, I have an even better magic trick because I'm the oldest magician who has ever lived, and I learned the best magic trick." And Rosie and all of her friends said, "Even better than a volcano that explodes ketchup?" And Maggie the magician said, "Yes, even better."

And the magician said, "Okay, everyone, turn around and look behind you." And all of the kids turned around and looked behind. And when they saw what was behind them, they were very surprised. It was the biggest trampoline in the whole world. The trampoline was made out of so many rubber bands, and it looked like it might have taken a whole entire country to make it. And the magician named Maggie told Rosie and her friends they could all go on the trampoline. And do you know where they would jump to in that trampoline? The moon. The trampoline was such a strong, such a good trampoline that it let you jump all the way to the moon and land softly because there's not as much gravity in the moon. And so Rosie and her friends bounced on the trampoline all the way to the moon. And Rosie showed her friends that on the moon, in the part where it was dark that you couldn't see on the moon, sometimes there was a flower that lived there. And the flower that lived there, Maggie the magician showed Rosie, and Rosie showed her friends was able to walk and talk and had cherries for eyes and a cucumber mouth.

And then Rosie said, "Okay, how are we going to get down?" And the magician told everyone he's going to attach a magic rope from the moon all the way down to Earth, and you can climb the rope down. And there was also a pole in case you wanted to slide part of the way. And if you went too fast, then there was a break, and you can break and slow down as you went back down. And Rosie told the magician named Maggie that those were really special tricks. And Rosie's mom told her that it was getting late and they'd have to go home for the day. And so Rosie went home with her mom, and she and her family lived happily ever after. The end.