Welcome to make depth stories. My name is Wilder. Make Depth Stories is the best podcast ever. Thank you. Tell your friends about it. My name is Elena. I live in Alberta, Canada. I like my birthday is in April 4. I like story about grapes, cow, and moose. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Elena who lives in Alberta, Canada, and who turned five years old last week on April 4. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Elena. Happy birthday, Elena. And Elena asked for us to make up a story that includes a grape, a cow, and a moose. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl whose name was Elena. Under Elena's bed in her bedroom, there was a secret tunnel. And sometimes Elena would go in the secret tunnel that was under her bed and climb down the secret stairs after opening the secret hatch. And Elena would get to the part where there was a nightlight, and she would turn on the nightlight by pressing a button. And after you turned on the nightlight, elena saw that there was a big slide in the secret tunnel that was under her bed. So one night, Elena decided to slide all the way to the bottom of the slide. And when Elena got to the other side of the slide, it was very strange because she was in a totally different house. But the other house was also on top of the ground. And that didn't make any sense because Elena's house was on top of the ground. And how could the slide go from under Elena's bed under the ground and then still be on the top of another house? Well, Elena got off the slide. You know what? What? That house had to be underground. It could be. Elena got off the slide, and she decided she would look around the other house to see if there were any windows because if there are no windows, then it was definitely underground. And so Elena looked around, and she found a step stool. And Elena stepped on the stepstool, and she went to the kitchen window. And stepping with her tippy toes on top of the stepstool, elena saw that there was a window and that it was light outside. And the house wasn't underground because you could see the sky and the grass. And there were also some cows that lived in that place. So Elena decided to go off the stepstool and to walk around this secret, silly house at the end of the slide under Elena's bed. And she decided to open the front door of the house. When Elena opened the front door of the house, she could see that there were so many bubbles that were floating in the air. Elena looked on the ground, and she saw that there was a big bubble machine. And the bubble machine had four different tubes, and the tubes would dance around and there was some music that would play as the bubbles would go out of the bubble machine from the four different bubble pipes and the music played fun songs. Elena decided to dance in middle of the bubbles as the bubbles were going up and floating all around her. Well, Elena looked and she saw that the cows were coming closer. One of the cows came up to Elena and the cow went right next to Elena. And also it looked like it wanted Elena to go for a ride. So Elena pet the cow and asked if it was okay for her to go on the cow. And Elena said, Moo, is it okay if I go on a ride, Moo? And the cow said, Moo. Okay, Moo. And Elena went on the cow for a ride. The cow started taking Elena through the grassy part and Elena saw that in the distance there was a lot of snow. The cow told Elena that in this magical place which you could see the sun from in this magical place there was a snowy forest which had magical moose. And Elena was like, I've seen regular moose before in Canada, but I've never seen a magical moose. And the cow said, let's go on a ride. So the cow started going on a ride with Elena and they started going together past the grass away from the house and towards the snow. Elena and the cow went through the snow and they were so lucky because Elena remembered to bring a blanket and also some gloves. Soon they saw some moose. And moose are big animals and usually they have some big horns. These moose were also big animals. But instead of growing regular horns the moose had a type of horn where grapes would grow out of the ends. It was not like regular animal horn material. Their horns looked like branches. And the magical moose that could grow grapes from its antlers went right up to Elena and said elena, how did you find this magical land? And Elena and the cow told the moose the whole story of how Elena found the secret tunnel under her bed. And she took the slide and she turned the night light on and she went all the way to the house on the stepstool to look out the window. And she went outside and opened the door and met the cow and how she and the cow went all the way there to meet the magical moose. And the magic moose said he was so happy for Elena to visit. And the magic moose said that Elena and the cow could each have one magic grape. And Elena and the cow said, thank you very much. And then they decided to ride back to the magic house. And Elena and the cow started to go stomping through the snow all the way back. Did they have the magic grape yet? And they kept the magic grape, but they didn't eat it yet. And they kept holding their magic grapes as they stomped through the snow and got closer to the grass next to the magic house. And when they got to the magic house, elena asked the cow if the cow thought that she should eat the magic grape. And Elena was very surprised because the cow told Elena, wait to show it to your mommy. And Elena had an idea. She decided to climb up the slide that led to the magic house and then to go back to her bed. And so Elena was really good at climbing on slides because she practiced all the time. Elena's trick was to put her toes against the slide as she was holding with her fingers on top. And that's a good trick for how to get up slides. So Elena climbed up the slide and opened the secret latch that led to under her door. And Elena climbed back in her bed, and Elena went to sleep. The next morning when Elena woke up, she had a magic grape right under her pillow. And Elena brought the magic grape to her mom. And Elena's mom said what is that? Elena? And Elena told her mom that she found a secret hatch under her bed and that she took a slide to the magic land and how the moose gave her the magic grape and it grew from his antlers. And Elena's mom said, I don't think that's a magic grape. And Elena said, I really think it is. And Elena's mom said, okay, well, you could eat it. And Elena got ready to eat it. And Elena looked at the grape as she held it in her two fingers. And then Elena changed her mind and she decided she wanted to put the magic grape on a spoon and then to bite it while she was holding it with a spoon. And that's what Elena decided to do. Elena put the magic grape on a spoon and she held the spoon with one hand and she brought it up to her mouth and she chomped on the magic grape, and nothing happened. But then suddenly Elena felt like she needed to sneeze. And Elena said, ha ha, chu. And just as she said Hachu. A unicorn came out. And the unicorn was able to fly through the air. And from then on, Elena had magical pet unicorn. And Elena and her family lived happily ever after. The End my name is Elena makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends.