Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids, Jodha and Jesse, and Jonah. And Jesse used to sleep on a bunk bed. And the bunk bed that they slept on was made of wood. But one night while they were sleeping, Jesse woke up and he noticed that the bunk bed turned into rubber, and the top of the bunk bed was rubber and the bottom and the bar in between, and the whole thing was rubber. And there was a little earthquake, and the earthquake shook the house. And the bunk bed, because it was made of rubber, it jumped up, and then it jumped down, and it bounced off the floor so hard, it crashed through the ceiling and jumped up into outer space.

Jesse woke up Jonah and said, "Jonah, look." And Jonah saw that they were floating through outer space in their bunk bed made of rubber, and he asked what happened. And Jesse told him about the earthquake. And Jonah told Jesse that there's no way they would be able to get back to Earth because they didn't have any rocket ship with them and that they might be stuck there forever. And Jonah worried about running out of air and stuff because they had a little bit of air left saved up in their lungs, but they were running out of air real quickly. And Jesse tried to breathe in, and he saw that he was able to breathe in outer space even though there was no air. And Jonah also saw that he could breathe too. So he told Jesse that they needed to figure out some way to move in outer space.

And Jesse said, "Oh, I have an idea. Why not fly and breathe so hard that they move a little?" That was Jesse's idea. Jonah thought it was a good idea. So Jesse told Jonah that they could blow really hard in one direction. And if they blew air in one direction, then the bunk bed, which is made of rubber, would fly in the other direction. It has nothing really in it except like, well, outer space. It has nothing really. So if you make something move, it'll keep moving, unless like a sun, a black hole, or an asteroid, those are the main things that you could get caught in, and usually that will stop you.

Yes. And Jesse, what were you going to say? "My idea is go up a little bit so you can aim at the Earth, and then you could just breathe a lot without blowing, and then you could just move like this?" Yes. So Jesse and Jonah had different ideas about how to get back to earth. First, they started blowing, and it works like they didn't move so fast, but there was nothing blocking their way. And so the bunk bed did go pretty fast, even though they were just blowing, and they tried to aim it towards earth. But pretty soon, Jonah and Jesse ran out of breath.

So Jesse told Jonah that they needed to take the blankets off of the bed, and they should flap the blankets in outer space. And maybe if they flapped the blankets, then that would push the bed. And Jonah tried to do it, but there was no air in outer space. And so the blankets just kind of floated through outer space, and the blanket trick didn't work. And then Jesse and Jonah were wondering how they could even breathe in outer space, because, after all, there is no air in outer space. And that's why everything could move so easily. It doesn't bump into anything.

And Jesse told Jonah, "Look." And that's when he found that in one of their pillows, under Jesse's pillow, there was a special instrument that kept making more air. It's kind of like scuba divers use it sometimes, like a tank full of oxygen. And that tank full of oxygen must have been connected by their pillow to under their mattress. And they slept on air mattresses. And so it was getting air that was saved up in their mattresses. And there was a little hose that went out of the pillow and was blowing the air. And so that's why Jonah and Jesse were able to breathe. And how they were able to keep blowing for a little bit, even though the blanket couldn't swing in outer space. But it was still a big mystery for how they could finally get back to earth.

And Jonah and Jesse. Yes, sir. It would be really hard, but there's ways that you can actually use gravity or magnets to get back in outer space, because gravity will attract you. You also have to worry about gravity or think about gravity. That's why I stay on earth. So if they were able to get a magnet or something, so the bed moves toward it because it's going to have gravity, too, so it'll connect. But if you keep holding it out, it'll go to the author if you point it in that direction. Yes.

Jesse, what is our idea is that you could just break the bed apart and build it into a rocket ship. That's a good idea. Jesse and Jonah were having a lot of trouble trying to get their bed back to earth. And one thing that they tried was to jump up and down on the bed. Because the bed was made of rubber. And so they figured the more that you jump up and down the bed, that would stretch it each time. And if they would jump in the right direction, then maybe the bed would start moving towards Earth. But every time that they started to jump, they started to float away and the other brother would have to hold them back in. And so Jesse and Jonah realized they couldn't just jump the bed back to Earth.

Wait a minute. Since they are more important than the bed, why not just jump off of the bed to Earth? And that's when Jonah realized they didn't need to stay with the bed the whole time. They could have gotten off the bed if only they could land softly on Earth. But they didn't just want to jump off that rubber bed. Because if they did and they fell into earth, let's say they just crashed. So it was a real yeah. One of my ideas is if you bring like a space swimming suit, then you could just float and you could just swim in outer space and swim back to earth.

Well, that ends up actually being what happened. And so while they were wondering how to get back to earth, they saw that there is the International Space Station and it was floating right next to them. And Jonah and Jesse used to go to sleep with a little lantern. And the lantern is like a light that they could flash on and off. So Jonah told Jesse, "Jesse, quick, turn on and off the lantern." And they started turning on and off the lantern. And there were some astronauts that were in the International Space Station and they saw that Jonah and Jesse were flashing the light at them. And that's when they're like, "Oh, there's people there."

And the astronauts used their radio to radio back to Earth to say that there were two kids that because of an earthquake, they got all the way to outer space and that they needed to send help. And sure enough, Jonah and Jesse could see that there was a rocket ship launch that was from the state of Texas in the United States. And the rocket was coming right towards them. And when the rocket got really close to them, there was kind of like an explosion sound and a big, big net came out. And the net went all around their rubber bunk bed and it caught their rubber bunk bed. And then it started falling back down to earth and it fell faster and faster and faster.

And Jonah and Jesse were worried that maybe the rubber wouldn't even be so springy because it was all caught up in the net. But luckily as they got so close to earth, a parachute deployed. And it was such a big parachute, it was the size of like probably as big as a small city. And the parachute slowed them down so much that they kind of got like a slow ride back and forth. It was like being on a rubber band swing until they got back to Earth. And then finally the parachute landed, and it landed right near their house, where they took off in the first place. And there was a big crowd waiting and everyone was cheering, and they landed back safely. And Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.