Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six-year-old boy named Levi. Levi lived in a house right near the woods. Sometimes, when he was sleeping at night, he would hear some coyotes, and they would go "awoo." Levi would listen to the coyotes from his bed as he drifted off to sleep.

One morning, Levi woke up and told his mom that he thought there were coyotes in the woods. His mom said they should go on an adventure into the woods to find out. Levi and his mom held hands and started walking along a trail in the woods. The trail was made of dirt, and on both sides, there were big trees. Some of the trees had fallen down and were lying sideways on the ground, looking like huge logs with branches.

One of the fallen trees was quite small. Levi asked his mom if she could help him roll over the tree to see what was under it. His mom agreed. They rolled over the little tree, and beneath it, they found lots of Roly Pollies. The Roly Pollies they saw were colorful and lived right next to some ladybugs. The Roly Polys and the ladybugs could talk. These Roly Polys weren't ordinary ones that just curl up into a ball; they had little wings and wore sunglasses.

After Levi and his mom rolled over the log, all of the Roly Polys started to approach them, and they could talk. They couldn't talk very loudly because Roly Poly mouths are tiny, but they started whispering, and only Levi could hear them. One of the Roly Polys, named Ralphie, told Levi that there were secret things in the woods and that he could help give him directions. So Levi agreed. He put Ralphie the Roly Poly in his hand, and Ralphie began to crawl around Levi's hand. He told Levi that if he continued straight down the trail, he would see something shiny.

Levi told his mom to keep going straight down the trail. After walking for a little while, Levi saw something twinkling, like a star, but it wasn't in the sky. The twinkling thing was beside a bush. When he found it, he saw that it was a little kid's flashlight. Levi picked up the flashlight and read a sign next to it. The sign said "Roly Poly Kingdom Entrance." He saw that there was a big tunnel underground.

Levi told his mom that they found a flashlight and that they should use it to go into the secret tunnel underground to the Roly Poly kingdom. Ralphie, the Roly Poly in Levi's hand, said that Levi had permission. He just had to say the secret word as they entered. The gate to the secret tunnel opened, and some lights started to flash. Levi asked Ralphie for the password, and Ralphie, the Roly Poly, said that the password was "Dance, dance, Mclula." Levi said the password, and the gate opened. He turned on the flashlight and went with his mom underground.

Once they were underground, Levi saw that there were so many Roly Polys. There was a whole city made up of Roly Polys. In this underground city, Roly Polys lived in houses, slept on beds, and had stores with little pieces of Roly Poly food. There were buses for the Roly Polys to ride and playgrounds just for them. There was even a Roly Poly pool that looked like a sink. There were other fun things for Roly Polys, like a candy store with Roly Poly candy and Roly Polys in helicopters.

Levi and his mom reached a park in the city with underground grass and a pretend sun, which was a light bulb that lit up the whole area. Levi turned off his flashlight, and just as he got to the dance floor, he saw that two Roly Polys were wearing scarves, silly light-up Roly Poly shoes, and capes. Suddenly, music came on, and one of the Roly Polys got ready to dance. The Roly Poly squeezed up into a circle and then unsqueezed, walking on its feet. It jumped up so high that Levi had never seen a Roly Poly jump that high. It was all the way up to Levi's knees.

After the first Roly Poly danced, Ralphie Roly Poly told Levi that it was his turn to dance. They put on some music, and Levi danced to the song "Mary Had a Little Lamb." He did some silly dance moves, including twirling in a circle and doing Ring Around a Rosie. Ralphie the Roly Poly told Levi that he won the epic dance battle, and Levi was so happy.

Afterward, Levi and his mom left the Roly Poly underground tunnel, and he told the Roly Polys that he would visit them every day. As they went back, they found a campsite full of tents with friendly coyotes living in them. The coyotes wore regular people clothes and told Levi that they made the "awoo" sound during the night because that's what they said when they were hungry. They liked to eat alphabet soup and Princess Elsa soup for dinner.

The coyotes gave Levi a cookie, and he realized he didn't need to be scared of coyotes. He went back home with his mom, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.