Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six-year-old boy whose name was Levi. Levi lived in a house right near the woods. Sometimes, as he was sleeping at night, he would hear some coyotes, and the coyotes would go "awoo." Levi would listen in his bed to the coyotes as he was going to sleep.

One morning, Levi woke up and told his mom that he thought there were some coyotes in the woods. His mom said that they should go on an adventure into the woods to find out. Levi and his mom held each other's hands and started walking through a trail in the woods. The trail was made of dirt, and on both sides of the trail, there were big trees. Some of the trees had fallen down and were sideways on the ground. They looked like really big logs with branches.

One of the trees that fell down was pretty small. Levi asked his mom if she could help him roll over the tree to see what was under it. His mom said okay. They rolled over the little tree, and under the tree, they saw lots of Roly Pollies. The Roly Pollies that they saw under the tree were colorful Roly Pollies, and they lived right next to some ladybugs. The Roly Polys and the ladybugs were able to talk. The Roly Polys weren't regular Roly Polys that just curl up into a ball. These Roly Polys had little wings, and they wore sunglasses.

After Levi and his mom had rolled over the log that the Roly Polys were under, all of the Roly Polys started to go to Levi and his mom, and they were able to talk. They couldn't talk so loud because Roly Poly's mouths are so little, but they started whispering, and only Levi could hear them. One of the Roly Polys, named Ralphie, said to Levi that there were secret things in the woods and that Ralphie the Roly Poly could help give him directions. So Levi said okay. He put Ralphie the Roly Poly in his hand, and Ralphie the Roly Poly started to crawl around Levi's hand. He told Levi that if he kept going straight down the trail, he would see something shiny.

Levi told his mom to start going straight down the trail. After they went for a little bit, Levi saw something twinkling, like a star, but it wasn't in the sky. The twinkling thing was by the side of a bush. When he found what it was, he saw that it was a little kid's flashlight. Levi picked up the flashlight and read a sign right next to it. The sign said "Roly Poly Kingdom Entrance." He saw that there was a big tunnel underground.

Levi told his mom that they found a flashlight and that they should use the flashlight to go into the secret tunnel underground to the Roly Poly kingdom. Ralphie, the Roly Poly in Levi's hand, said that Levi had permission. He just had to say the secret word as he was going in. The gate to the secret tunnel opened, and some lights started to flash. Levi asked Ralphie for the password, and Ralphie, the Roly Poly, said that the password to the tunnel was "Dance, dance, Mclula." Levi said the password, and the gate opened. He turned on the flashlight and went with his mom underground.

Once they were underground, Levi saw that there were so many Roly Polys. There was a whole city made up of Roly Polys. In this underground city, Roly Polys lived in houses, slept on beds, and had stores with little pieces of Roly Poly food. There were buses for the Roly Polys to ride and playgrounds just for them. There was even a Roly Poly pool that looked like a sink. There were other fun things for Roly Polys, like a candy store with Roly Poly candy and Roly Polys in helicopters.

Levi and his mom reached a park in the city with underground grass and a pretend sun, which was a light bulb that lit up the whole area. Levi turned off his flashlight, and just as he got to the dance floor, he saw that two Roly Polys were wearing scarves, silly light-up Roly Poly shoes, and capes. Suddenly, music came on, and one of the Roly Polys got ready to dance. The Roly Poly squeezed up into a circle and then unsqueezed, walking on its feet. It jumped up so high that Levi had never seen a Roly Poly jump that high. It was all the way up to Levi's knees.

After the first Roly Poly danced, Ralphie Roly Poly told Levi that it was his turn to dance. They put on some music, and Levi danced to the song "Mary Had a Little Lamb." He did some silly dance moves, including twirling in a circle and doing Ring Around a Rosie. Ralphie the Roly Poly told Levi that he won the epic dance battle, and Levi was so happy.

Afterward, Levi and his mom left the Roly Poly underground tunnel, and he told the Roly Polys that he would visit them every day. As they went back, they found a campsite full of tents with nice coyotes living in them. The coyotes wore regular people clothes and told Levi that they made the "awoo" sound during the night because that's what they said when they were hungry. They liked to eat alphabet soup and Princess Elsa soup for dinner.

The coyotes gave Levi a cookie, and he realized he didn't need to be scared of coyotes. He went back home with his mom, and they all lived happily ever after. The end.