Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime stories. Podcast. I'm your host, Steve. If you like the story I'm about to tell, please subscribe and tell your friends. Tonight's Makeup Story request comes from a six year old boy named Levi. And Levi asked for us to make up a story that includes a campsite. A campsite is a place where you put some tents and you could sleep outside, and a Roly Poly, which is a very fun kind of bug, and a dance battle where people try to dance to see who is a more fun dancer. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six year old boy whose name was Levi. Levi lived in a house right near the woods. And sometimes as he was sleeping at night, he would hear some coyotes, and the coyotes would go, and Levi would listen in his bed to the coyotes as he was going to sleep. Well, one morning, Levi woke up and he told his mom that he thought there were some coyotes in the woods. And his mom said that they should go on adventure into the woods to find out. And so Levi and his mama held each other's hands, and they started walking through a trail in the woods. The trail was made of dirt, and on both sides of the trail, there were big trees. Some of the trees had fallen down and were sideways on the ground. They looked like really big logs with branches. One of the trees that fell down was pretty little. And Levi asked his mom if she could help him roll over the tree to see what was under it. And his mom said okay. So they rolled over the little tree, and under the tree they saw lots of Roly Pollies. The Roly Pollies that they saw under the tree were colorful Roly pollies, and they lived right next to some ladybugs, and the Roly Polys and the ladybugs were able to talk. And the Roly Polies also weren't regular Roly Polies that just curl up into a ball. These Roly Polys had little wings, and the Roly Polys also wore sunglasses. Well, after Levi and his mom had rolled over the log that the Roly Polys were under, all of the Roly Polys started to go to Levi and his mom, and they were able to talk. They couldn't talk so loud because Roli Polly's mouths are so little, but they started whispering, and only Levi could hear them. And one of the Roly Polys whose name was Ralphie, said to Levi that there were secret things in the woods and that Ralphie the Roly Poly could help give him directions. So Levi said okay. And Levi put Ralphie the Roly Poly in his hand, and Ralphie the Roly Poly started to crawl around Levi's hand, and he told Levi that if he kept going straight down the trail, then he would see something shiny. And Levi said, okay. So he told his mom to start going straight down the trail. After they went for a little bit, levi saw something that was twinkling, just like a star, but it wasn't in the sky. The thing that was twinkling was by the side of a bush. And when he found what it was, he saw that it was a little kid's flashlight. Levi picked up the flashlight, and he read a sign right next to it. And the sign right next to it said Roli Poly Kingdom Entrance. And he saw that there was a big tunnel underground. Levi told his mom that they found a flashlight and that they should use the flashlight to go into the secret tunnel underground to the Roly Poly kingdom. And the Roly Poly that Levi was holding, whose name was Ralphie, said that Levi had permission. He just had to say the secret word as he was going in. And so the gate to the secret tunnel opened, and some lights started to flash. And Levi said to his Roly Poly, ralphie, can you tell me the password? And Ralphie, the Roly Poly said that the password to the tunnel was Dance, dance, Mclula. And so Levi said, dance. Dance. Mclulh. And the gate opened, and Levi turned on the flashlight, and he went with his mama under the ground. After he got under the ground, levi saw that there were so many Roly Polys. There was a whole city made up of Roly Polis. And in this underground city, Roly Polis lived in houses, and they slept on beds. And there were Roly Poly stores which just had little pieces of Roly Poly food, which were so little. And there were buses that the Roly Polys used to go on. And there were even playgrounds just for Roly Polis. There were sand in the playground for the Roly Polis to dig in. And there also was a Roly Poly pool. Because Roly pollies are little. It wasn't as big as a people pool. The Roly Poly pool looked like a sink. And there were other fun things for Roly Polys. For example, there was a candy store which just had Roly Poly candy. And Levi even saw Roly Polys in helicopters in this underground city. And the helicopters went. And it was such a big city that Levi was so amazed, and he kept pointing his flashlight at different things. Finally, Levi got to a place in the city where there was a park. And the park had lots of underground grass, and it had even a pretend sun, which was really a light bulb that made the whole thing lit up. So Levi turned off his flashlight, and just as he got to the dance floor, he saw that two Roly Polys were wearing scarves and silly light up Roly Poly shoes, and they were dressed in silly Roly Poly capes. And suddenly some music came on. And as the music came on, one of the Roly Polys got ready to dance. And the roly Poly that got ready to dance first squeezed up into a circle and then suddenly unsquezed and started walking on his feet. And the Roly Poly jumped up so high. Levi had never seen a Roly poly jump that high. It was all the way up to Levi's knees. Now, most people think that's impossible for Roly Poly, that a Roly poly can't jump so high. But Levi saw it in this underground Roly poly city. And the roly polys started to dance. After the first one dance, ralphie roly Poly, who was still in Levi's hands, told Levi that it was Levi's turn to dance. And so Levi said, can you put on some music? And somebody put on some music. And it was the sound of the song london Bridge is falling down, falling down, falling down london Bridge is falling down, my fair lady and Levi said, no, that's not a good song for us to dance to. And then another song came on and it said mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb mary had a little lamb whose fleece was white as snow everywhere that Mary went that Mary went that Mary went everywhere that Mary went, her lamb would go as well. And Levi decided that he could dance to that song. So he put out his arm and then he stomped his foot. And then he said dance. Dance, Mcdancy, dance. And he started to do some silly, silly dance moves, which were so much fun and including Twirling in a circle and doing Ring Around a Rosie and doing lots of silly dances. Ralphie the Rody Poly, who is still in Levi's hand, told Levi that he won the epic dance battle. And Levi was so happy. Afterwards, Levi decided to go out of the Roly Poly underground tunnel and he left the flashlight where he found it. And he told the Roly polis that he would come visit them every day. And if his mama let, then he would go to the Roly Poly tunnel in the underground part of the woods where the secret flashlight was hidden all by himself. As Levi went back, he found a campsite. And the campsite was full of tents. And in these tents lived coyotes. And the coyotes that lived in these tents were really nice. Actually. These weren't mean coyotes. The coyotes wore regular people clothes. And they told Levi that they had to make the AWU sound during the night because that is what they said when they were hungry. And really, they just like to eat alphabet soup and also some Princess Elsa soup for dinner. And it wasn't a real Princess Elsa in the soup. It was just regular soup in the shape of Princess Elsa. And so the coyotes told Levi that as he walked by their campsite, he could have a cookie. And the coyotes gave Levi a cookie. And Levi realized he didn't need to be scared of coyotes. And he went back home with his mama and they all lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. Worry story ideas come from listeners just like you. So if you want me to make up a story for you, then just leave a review on itunes with your name, your age and two things you want in the story. If you want me to wish you a happy birthday on the podcast, then you can ask me to do that on Facebook, Twitter or Gmail, where my username is makeup stories. See you next time.