Yiddi. Diana. My name is Landon. My name is Nathaniel.com. You join the Makeup Stories club. One upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And it was going to be a big day for Jonah and Jesse. And so when they woke up that morning, they decided to eat breakfast extra special, fast, lickety split. They had some scrambled eggs and some Cheerios with milk and a little bit of sugar. And the Cheerios was very yummy. And the sugar that they had on the Cheerios was a pink kind of sugar. And the pink sugar that they put on the Cheerios that morning was a kind of sugar that made kids feel good for the whole day. And it was important for them to have that pink sugar because today was going to be the most important day of their lives. Well, the first thing that happened was they heard a knock on their door. And it felt like four different hands were knocking at the same time. Two hands in the top of the door and two hands in the bottom of the door. And as there was a knocking on the front door, suddenly all of the windows of their house started to have a ding dong. And there was a ringing. Even though there was no bell in the house from all of the windows, it sounded like somebody was tapping spoons against the windows. They knew that the day was beginning. Jesse was first to the front door. He rushed and he opened up the front door and he saw that the octopus was already there. The octopus was dressed in his raincoat and he was pushing a stroller. Inside the stroller was a beaver with a toy boat. And the beaver had a little beaver bottle next to him. And the toy boat was also kind of a pacifier because the beaver was just a baby. And the octopus said, Jonah and Jesse, are you guys ready? And Jonah and Jesse said that they were. They said goodbye to their parents. And first thing they did was they followed the octopus and the beaver that was in the stroller all the way back to the special van. The van was really special because instead of having wheels, it had a spider in each corner. And the spider was on the bottom of the van on all of the corners. And the van walked on the spider's legs. And the spider was kind of made of metal wires and it was attached to the motor. And so when the octopus wanted the van to move, all he would have to do was to press the pedal and then the spiders on the corners of the van would start to move their spider legs and the van would go. It was really good that the van didn't have any wheels because this van had to climb up a lot of different mountains. The adventure that Jonah and Jesse were going on was to the candy mountain of the world. And the candy mountain of the world is blocked by a lot of little mountains, and there are no roads to get on the mountains, so you can't have a regular van. While the octopus told them to put on their seatbelts, and the second that Jonah and Jesse strapped in their seatbelts, they could feel that the chairs that they were in the seats in the van started to float, and there was a rickety, dink little sound in the engine. And the spiders started to weave a web, and instead of going on the ground, the spiders on the bottom of the van made a web that the van could go on. And the web started in front of Jonah and Jesse's house, and it went all the way past the lake that lived near their house, and it went into the clouds, and it kept going through the sky with the van on top of it until it got to candy land. And candy land was a big mountain made of candy. And at the edge of the mountain, there was a big arm. And the arm sometimes went to the middle of the mountain, and it had a scooper in it. And when the arm went to the middle of the mountain, it scooped up some candy from the center of the mountain, and it picked it up in, like, a big shovel scooper, and it went to the top of the mountain. And then the shovel scooper would move down a twirly circular slide, and it would make the candy go down the slide. And the candy would slide all the way down the slide until in the bottom, it would get to an escalator. And then the candy would have to go piece by piece down the escalator. And sometimes there were, like, big escalator steps for, like, lollipops, and there were even smaller escalators that, like, caramel could go on, and all of the candy would go down the escalator steps until it got to the very bottom of the escalator. And at the bottom of the escalator, there were little boats, and the candy would fall into the boats, and the boats would float along a river. The river had no waves. Yes? Jonah, do you have a question? Was the whiffle made out of apple juice? Jonah asked if it was made out of apple juice. The river wasn't made out of apple juice. The thing that was special about this river is that whenever you touched it, whatever you touched it with would taste like cake. So if you were ever hungry but you didn't have any cake next to you, then you could put your hand in the river and then lick your fingers, and your fingers would taste like cake. But then after you licked it off, the taste would go away from your fingers, and you would have to dip it again. And if you want what you wanted it to taste like. Usually it was just cake. But if you thought about chocolate and said C, because that's the letter that chocolate starts with and thought of the whole word, then you could also make your fingers taste like chocolate when you lick them. And whatever you thought about, as long as you also said the first letter of that word out loud, then you could try to make it taste like it. But it took a lot of practice to get really complicated tastes. Like if you wanted to taste, let's say, like chocolate pudding, and just to lick to taste like chocolate pudding, then you had to have a lot of practice thinking and spelling as you put your hand in the river. But anyway, the candy would go down the candy boats that would float down the river. And at the very end of the river, there was a pipe. And all of the boats would float through the pipe. And when they got to the other side of the pipe, they got to the pile. Now, the pile is called the pile because it had so much candy in it. People used to think that it was like a giant candy stash that he was guarding. The pile was the largest pile of candy in the four corners of the world. And kids couldn't even climb up the pile, it was so high. Even if you had like 100 dump trucks, it still wouldn't be enough to fill all of the candy that was in this candy pile. And Jonah and Jesse were there on that day. The octopus with the beaver that was in the stroller, they went there specifically that day because Jonah and Jesse had a special assignment. The assignment that Jonah and Jesse had was apparently under the pile. There was a drain, and the drain was stuck. And because the drain was stuck, no candy was falling through that place in the sky to the real world. And so all of the candy factories in the real world, in all of the different continents, in all of the cities, they ran out of candy supplies because the drain in the sky where this big pile of candy used to fall out, well, that was clogged. And Jonah told Jesse that they would have no way of getting to the bottom of the pile to unclog the drain. And that's when Jesse had an idea. Jesse said, spider. And that is when he went all the way to the van, and he asked the octopus bus driver if the octopus bus driver could ask the spiders to come help. And the octopus bus driver said yes. So Jesse helped detach the spiders from where the wheels would be, and the spiders dug a hole through the pile all the way to the bottom where the drain was, and they unclogged the pile of candy. And suddenly the candy kept falling down to earth again. And Jesse and jonah saved the day because candy factories in all of the cities of the world finally had enough candy. And Jesse and Jonah went back home after that. And they lived happily ever after. The end the my name is Kencho. Thank you for listening to makeup stories. If you want to be part of the club, go to makeup threes.com. Tell your friends.