Welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime stories podcast. Get ready to listen to fun and non scary stories that I make up on the fly without preparing. I tell these stories to my five year old son as part of his bedtime routine. Thanks for listening. So this is a makeup about a sweet girl whose name was Erin, and she has a blue doll, and she goes to outer space on a rocket ship, and she visits a planet that has so many strawberries and a lot of ladybugs. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a three year old whose name was Erin. And Erin liked to dress in special princess dresses, and she liked to dance and also to listen to music. But Erin's favorite thing of all was eating popcorn. And Erin told her mom that she needed to get more popcorn because they were all out. And her mom said that it wasn't snack time, so Erin got sad. Erin looked through the refrigerator, and she saw there was no food. Not even yogurt, not even blueberries, not even strawberries. And then she told her mom and her dad to take her to the supermarket. And when Erin got to the supermarket, do you know what she saw? All of the shelves were empty, and there was no food in the supermarket. And Erin told her mom and dad that they had to go to different stores to look. And everywhere that Erin looked with her mom and her dad, there was no food. Something silly going on. Yeah. And so Erin told her mom, it sounds like something silly is going on. And her mom said yes. And Erin said that she had an idea that she could get food from another planet that had a lot of grocery stores and bring it back to earth. But Erin pointed out to her mom she didn't have a rocket ship, and she needed help building a rocket ship to get to the other planet. Well, her mom said, we don't have any tools to build rocket ships. And Erin said, I have an idea. Her idea was to take part of a tree that fell down and ask her dad to take out the wood from the middle of the tree so it was just an empty tree with a circle around it, and then on the top of the tree to build a compartment. That's a special place where she could sit down in the rocket. And she also told her dad that it needed to have windows so that she could see the stars in outer space and pass by the moon and to see if the moon was so big or so small and if it was a circle or just a fingernail. And her dad said, okay. So for two days, erin and her parents worked on turning a hollowed out tree. That means a tree that's empty inside into a rocket ship. And they made rocket ship seats, and they made special storage units, and there was even blast all. Well, there was even spaces for beds and also spaces a special seat for her blue doll. Well, Erin told her parents that the rocket ship was almost ready, but that it couldn't blast off because it had no rocket fuel. And Erin told her parents that they had to look in a store to buy rocket fuel so that the rocket could blast off to another planet. And her parents went with Erin. She went into car seat, and they drove to a different store, and they found no rocket fuel. The only thing they found was a microwave and some popcorn. And so Erin told her parents she had a good idea. Instead of using regular rocket fuel to power this tree rocket ship, they would instead use a bike wave at the bottom and blow up popcorn so that what would make the rocket ship go was a lot of popcorn. And the popcorn would go pop, and it would fall down out of the back of the rocket ship, and it would fall down so hard that it would make the rocket ship go up. And it would be so much popcorn and a microwave that was always on and had a hole in the bottom so that lots of popcorn could come out. And she told her mom and dad that she should name it the Popcorn Tree rocket Ship. And her parents said this was a good idea. And all of Erin's friends came around, and they said they wanted to paint it with her. So Erin decided that they should paint the rocket ship blue, because that was also the color of her dolly. All of her friends took turns painting the rocket ship, and they made rainbows on it and drew unicorns on it. And they made a lot of special smiley faces, and they even got to dip their hands in paint and to put their hands on the tree rocket ship. When it was all done, erin and her mom and dad put the microwave on the bottom and so many popcorn seeds. And then Erin went inside with her blue doll, and all of her friends counted down three, two, one, blastoff. And just as they said blastoff, erin pressed the blue button in her rocket ship, and so much popcorn came out of the bottom of the rocket ship, and it blasted off. And popcorn kept coming out. And Erin started to go through the clouds higher and higher uppie until she got to outer space. And while she was going up, so much popcorn fell that everyone in the world was able to eat popcorn because the rocket ship made so much popcorn for all her friends. And as she was going in outer space, erin finally saw that there was a planet in the distance that looked red. And she asked her blue doll, do you think that's Mars? Because Mars is a red planet. And her blue doll said, I don't think that's Mars, because that planet isn't just red. It also smells like something very yummy. And they saw that there was something buzzing around the planet. And so Erin told her doll it was time to land the rocket ship. And Erin pressed the green landing button. And when she pressed the button, a parachute came out. And the rocket went down very slowly onto the red planet. And the parachute helped cushion the fall, which means make it soft when it lands. And Erin got out of her special rocket ship seat and carried her dolly down onto this red planet. And there was a river on the planet which was so red, and she had never seen a red river before, and she saw a waterfall. Was the river made of strawberry juice? Yes. And there was also a red waterfall that was made of strawberry juice. Every water is strawberry juice. Yes. And then Erin decided to start to drink it, and she drank the strawberry juice and said, everyone, this is the yummiest strawberry juice ever. And she took a radio and radioed back to Earth and told all of her friends that she found a planet that had so much strawberry juice. And she looked in the air and saw that the clouds weren't white on this planet. The clouds were red, and it rained strawberry juice. Isn't that silly? Everything that's a liquid is just strawberry. Yes. And Erin walked around and she found that there were no ants and there were no roly polys, and there were no caterpillars, only ladybugs. And the ladybugs on this planet could talk. And the ladybugs said, he's a wiesa. He's a wiesa. We love Erin. And Erin said, how did you even know my name? And the ladybug said, because you have a blue dolly that told us your name is Erin. And Erin looked at her blue dolly and gave her a hug. Well, Erin told all of the ladybugs that on Earth there was not so much food and that they should pack up some food in her rocket to bring down to Earth so that they could be born in the supermarkets. And all of the ladybugs took turns flying and carrying a lot of food. So some of the ladybugs found strawberries, some of the ladybugs found yogurt to bring, and some of the ladybugs found some ice cream that they carried over. And usually ladybugs can't carry that much, but these ladybugs shared the work, and they all did teamwork and carried at the same time. So they packed the rocket ship up full of yummy food and cookies, and Erin told them, thank you so much. The cookies not made. It was just all the ingredients and cookie dough. Yeah, but the ladybugs didn't tell Erin where the cookies came from. So Erin told the ladybugs that she would visit again later, and she blasted off that planet using her popcorn tree rocket ship. And she went back to Earth. And when she landed in Earth, everyone was waiting. And when she landed softly, everyone was so happy to see her rainbow unicorn rocket ship made of a tree and her blue doll. And Erin came off the rocket ship. And Erin told everyone that they could now put food in the supermarkets. And if they ever ran out again, she would just take her popcorn rocket ship and go back to the other planet. And everyone said yay. Erin is our hero. And she lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. If you want me to make up special story for you then tell me three special things you want to be in the story and your name and write a review. I'll make up a special story just for you.