Once upon a time, long ago, there was a princess named Esmeralda. She was the prettiest princess in the whole world. She wore long dresses, had lots of colorful nail polish, and painted rainbows on her nails. She even got to wear a bracelet and a necklace, even though she was a kid. Princess Esmeralda had a lovely collection of beautiful rocks too.

Princess Esmeralda lived in a kingdom famous for its fancy unicorns. The unicorns in this kingdom weren't real; they were really just horses with pretend horns. But kids would get to go on rides on these pretend unicorns and pretend they were real. There was only one real unicorn in the whole kingdom, and it lived next to Princess Esmeralda's green pool. The unicorn's name was Fluffy. Fluffy was a bit of a sick unicorn. It used to cough a lot, and Princess Esmeralda couldn't ride it because it would just fall down.

Every day, after having breakfast, which was waffles and maple syrup, Princess Esmeralda would bring her comb to Fluffy and comb its mane to make it feel better. Even though Fluffy couldn't give people rides, it had a special power: it could sneeze out clouds! Sometimes, Princess Esmeralda would tickle Fluffy's nose, and it would sneeze out a cloud that would fly up into the air. You never knew what would rain out of the cloud.

One day, Princess Esmeralda finished her waffle and went downstairs to her green pool. She saw Fluffy hiding under a little table. She asked, "Fluffy, why are you hiding under a table?" Fluffy told Princess Esmeralda that an evil king was coming to take over the kingdom. He planned to trap all the kids, including Princess Esmeralda, and not let them play at any playgrounds or with any toys. The kids would only be allowed to eat cooked carrots and have just one French fry on their birthday, with no ketchup.

Princess Esmeralda asked where the king was coming from, and Fluffy told her about a secret tunnel under the road that led to the castle. One of the white lines in the middle of the road would open up and get bigger. The evil king would come out of the tunnel in a chariot, with horses dressed up like the kingdom's pretend unicorns. He would charge in with his whole army behind him and use many cages to catch all the kids and put them in his jail, where there were no toys and no fun allowed.

Princess Esmeralda grabbed her trumpet and blew it as loud as she could to warn her parents, the king and queen, about what was going to happen. Her dad, the king, looked out the window and asked, "Why did you blow the emergency trumpet, Princess Esmeralda?" She told him about the evil king coming from under the highway and using pretend unicorns to look like he belonged. She explained how he had a whole army behind him and brought many cages to trap all the kids and not let them play with any toys.

Her dad, the king, didn't believe her and said, "You're just pretending. That's not really going to happen. How could the road open up, and there are no evil kings that will ever come?" But while he wasn't looking, an arrow shot through the window, knocking off his crown. Suddenly, there were lots of drumming sounds, and people dressed in Lego costumes surrounded the royal palace. They shouted, "Surrender or else!" The king had to run back into the castle.

Princess Esmeralda hid under the table with Fluffy and asked, "What should we do?" Fluffy wished it could give her a ride, but it was too sick. Princess Esmeralda asked if its horn had any special powers. Fluffy closed its eyes and wagged its tail, trying to summon its horn's power, but it didn't work. That's when Princess Esmeralda had an idea. She told Fluffy to sneeze as hard as it could, and she held a sock in front of its face. Fluffy sneezed, and out came a cloud that went high up in the air and surrounded the royal palace.

Because it was a sock that made Fluffy sneeze, it started raining stinky socks! The socks fell all over the evil king's chariot and his Lego soldiers. A stinky sock landed on the evil king's head, and all the kids in the kingdom started laughing at him. The evil king was embarrassed, and his Lego soldiers were sad. They all ran away, never to be heard from again.

Princess Esmeralda hugged Fluffy and asked, "What else can the socks that fell down do?" Fluffy told her to pick up one of the socks and rub it on him. She did, and Fluffy got better! It wasn't sick anymore. Princess Esmeralda thanked Fluffy for making the magical socks that could do anything. Princess Esmeralda and her whole kingdom lived happily ever after. The end.