Yiddaya. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Olivo. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the makeup club. Yeah. Nayo AI. Tonight's makeup story is a request for my two kids, jonah and Jesse. And, Jesse, what did you want the story to be about? A sock that can do anything. A sock that could do anything. And Jonah, what did you want this story to be about? An evil king. An evil king? Once upon a time, long time ago, there was a princess whose name was Esmeralda, and Esmeralda was the prettiest princess in the whole world. She used to wear long dresses, and she had lots of colorful nail polish, and she used to paint rainbows on her nails. She even got to wear a bracelet and a necklace, even though she was a kid. And Princess Esmeralda had a nice collection of beautiful rocks. Princess Esmeralda lived in a kingdom that was famous for its fancy unicorns. The unicorns in this kingdom weren't real. They were really just horses, and they had to put pretend horns on the horses. But kids would get to go on rides in the unicorns, and they would get to pretend that the unicorns were real. There was only r1 unicorn in the whole kingdom, and the real unicorn was the one that lived next to Princess Esmeralda's green pool, and that unicorn's name was Fluffy. Fluffy was kind of a sick unicorn. It used to cough a lot, and Princess Esmeralda wasn't able to ride it because it would just fall down. And so Princess Esmeralda, after she had breakfast, which consisted of waffles and maple syrup, would always bring her comb down to the unicorn named Fluffy, and she would start combing it to make it feel better. Even though Fluffy couldn't give people rides, fluffy had a special power, and this special power was that it could sneeze out clouds. And so sometimes Princess Esmeralda would tickle its nose, and then Fluffy the unicorn would say, hot chew, and the cloud would come out of its nose, and it would fly up into the air, and you never knew what would rain out of the cloud. Well, one day, Princess Esmeralda finished her waffle, and she went downstairs next to her green pool, and she saw that her unicorn was there, and the unicorn was hiding under a little table. And Princess Esmeralda said, fluffy, why are you hiding under a table? And Fluffy the unicorn told Princess Esmeralda that there was going to be a bad day because there was an evil king that was coming to take over the kingdom. And the evil king was going to trap all of the kids and even Princess Esmeralda, and he wasn't going to let them go to any playgrounds, and he wasn't going to let the kids play with any toys. And all the kids were going to be able to do was to eat carrots that were cooked, and the kids were only going to be allowed to have one French fry on their birthday with no ketchup. Princess Esmeralda asked where the king was coming from, and Fluffy the unicorn told Princess Esmeralda that it was coming from the road that led to the castle. There was apparently a secret tunnel under the road. If you know the white lines that are sometimes in middle of roads and the highways that separate the lanes, one of those white lines was going to open up and get bigger. And from under that white line, the evil king was going to take a chariot, and he was going to dress up his horses so that they looked like the unicorns in the kingdom and put on pretend horns on the horses. And then he was going to charge in with his whole army behind him and use so many different cages to catch all of the kids and to put them in his jail, where there were no toys and no fun allowed. Princess Esmeralda got her trumpet, and she blew the trumpet as loud as she could because she needed to warn her parents, the king and queen, about what was going to happen. And she got the trumpet, and she blew the trumpet, and her dad, the king, looked out the window, and he said, why did you blow the emergency trumpet, Princess Esmeralda? And Princess Esmeralda told her dad about the evil king that was coming from under the highway, where there was that white line in between the lanes and how he was using pretend unicorns to look like he belonged. And how he had a whole army behind him and brought so many cages to trap all of the kids and not let them play with any toys. And Princess Esmeralda's dad, the king, said, you're just pretending. That's not really going to happen, because how could the road open up and there's no evil kings that will ever come? But while Princess Esmeralda's dad wasn't looking, an arrow shot through the window, and it made his crown fall off. And suddenly there was lots of drumming sounds, and there were people dressed in Lego costumes that were surrounding the royal palace. And the people dressed in Lego costumes said, Surrender or else. And Princess Esmeralda's dad had to run back into the castle. And Princess Esmeralda hid under the table with her unicorn, and she said, Fluffy, what should we do? And Fluffy told her that Fluffy would give Princess Esmeralda a ride if he were strong enough. But because he was a sick unicorn, and because he was a sick unicorn, he couldn't do that. And Princess Esmeralda said, how about your horn? Does it have any special power? And Fluffy the unicorn closed his unicorn eyes and wagged his tail and tried to summon all of his special power from his horn, but it didn't work. His horn was too old, and he couldn't do anything. And that's when Princess Esmeralda had an idea. She told Fluffy to sneeze as hard as he could. And she held a sock right in front of his face as he sneezed. And Fluffy sneezed. And out came a cloud that went high up in the air and surrounded the royal palace. Well, because it was a sock that made Fluffy sneeze, it started raining so many stinky socks. And the stinky socks fell all over the evil king's chariot. And all of his soldiers that were dressed as Lego men and the evil king's clown fell onto the top of the good king is more elder's dad. And his crown was replaced by a stinky sock. And the evil king's crown blew off in the big windstorm and it flew all the way up to the palace where Princess Esmeralda's dad, the king, was. And a stinky stock went on the evil king's head. And all of the kids in Princess Esmeralda's kingdom started to point at the evil king with the stinky sock and laugh. And they said Ha. And the evil king was embarrassed. And all of his Lego soldiers were sad. And so they started to run away, never to be heard from again. And Princess Esmeralda hugged her unicorn, fluffy and the socks that can do anything. And she said, what else can the socks that fell down do? And Fluffy the unicorn said, princess Esmeralda, can you pick up one of the socks? And Princess Esmeralda picked up one of the socks. And Fluffy the unicorn said, can you rub it on me? And Princess Esmeralda put the sock on the unicorn's horn and rubbed it. And then the unicorn got to be better. It wasn't sick anymore. And the unicorn said, princess Esmeralda, I am all better now. And Princess Esmeralda said, thank you Fluffy for making these magical socks that could do anything. And Princess Esmeralda and her whole kingdom lived happily ever after. The endo. AI. My name is Kencho. Thank you for listening to Makeups Threes. If you want to be part of the club, go to Makeup Threes.com. Tell your friends.