Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Marley. Marley and her parents ran the biggest toilet paper factory in the world. In this factory, they made all different kinds of toilet paper and wipes for the kids living in Texas. Some toilet paper had unicorns on them, some wipes had butterflies, and others had rainbows. The toilet paper in the factory was so, so long.

One day, a big storm came, bringing strong winds and rain to the factory. The wind blew so hard that all the toilet paper started to fly away. Soon, big rolls of toilet paper were flying around the houses in Hearst, Texas. Some landed on roofs, some on cars, and some on top of trees.

The next morning, Marley's friends woke up to find everything covered in toilet paper. There was toilet paper on the streets and sidewalks. All the kids in Hearst, Texas, wondered how the storm had blown so much toilet paper everywhere. Marley and her family came out of their factory and announced that all the toilet paper had blown away from the factory and landed all over the town.

One of the kids listening to the announcement said that the weatherman hadn't predicted a storm. People started to think that it wasn't a regular storm that had blown the toilet paper everywhere. They believed it was a giant who lived in the sky. The giant was trying to cool down his hot soup by blowing on his spoon, but he missed and blew all the way down to Earth. The wind from the giant's mouth was what had blown the toilet paper out of Marley's factory.

Marley told her parents that if the kid was right, the toilet paper might have gotten some magical qualities from the sky. She told her friends it was time to see if the toilet paper could do anything special. Marley picked up a piece of the rainbow unicorn toilet paper, and it floated all by itself in the air. If you wanted to make the toilet paper into a paper airplane, all you had to do was touch it and say "paper airplane," and it would turn into one.

There was enough magical toilet paper for everyone, so the kids didn't have to share. They made so many paper airplanes that they started to fly all around. The paper airplanes stayed in the air for a long time. Marley decided she needed a paper airplane airport.

Marley's airport for the paper airplanes had flashing lights. If a paper airplane got close to the flashing airport, it knew it needed to land straight. The paper airplanes were good at steering, even though they were just made of toilet paper.

All the kids in Hearst, Texas, picked up the pieces of toilet paper, and there were so many paper airplanes flying around. There were paper airplanes giving little grasshoppers and caterpillars rides. The caterpillars realized they could take an airplane ride wherever they wanted, so they didn't have to wait until they became butterflies to fly. Soon, caterpillars were taking paper airplane rides all over Hearst, Texas.

Marley also discovered that you could draw pictures on the toilet paper. If you drew pictures on the toilet paper, the lines could change colors and move by themselves. For example, if you drew a rainbow, it could change colors and shapes.

All the kids had lots of fun with the toilet paper until Marley's mom and dad asked how they would get it all back to the factory. Marley had a great idea. She told the kids to turn the rest of the toilet paper into a rocket ship. They made a big toilet paper rocket ship and counted down, "Three, two, one, blast off!" The rocket ship blasted off right back into the toilet paper factory.

Once the toilet paper was back in the factory, it still had the magic from the giant who had tried to cool down his hot soup but ended up causing a storm on Earth. Marley's factory became a magic factory that could make toys as well. Marley and her family lived happily ever after. The end.