Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Grayson. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi, my name is Marley, and I'll be four in May, and I want a story about Washington paper, a flashing airport in a moving picture. By tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a girl named Marley who lives in Hearst, Texas, and who turned four years old two weeks ago on May 16. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Marley. Marley. And Marley asked for us to make up a story that includes toilet paper, flashing airport, and a moving picture. And, buddy, were you going to add one thing to the story since it was your birthday yesterday? I want a magical carpet that can transform. And in case there's a bad guy, the bad guy will go and be a nice guy, okay? Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Marley. Marley and her parents were in charge of the biggest toilet paper factory in the world. And in the biggest toilet paper factory in the world, they sold all different kinds of toilet paper and wipes for all the kids who lived in Texas. And so there were some kinds of toilet paper that had unicorns on them. There were some types of wipes that had butterflies, and there were also some types that had rainbows. Some of the toilet paper in the toilet paper factory went around so, so long. Well, one day there was a big storm, and the storm made such big wind come, and it started to rain on top of the factories. And the wind started to blow and blow. And all of the toilet paper that was in the factory started to blow away in the wind. And soon enough, there were big rolls of toilet paper that were flying around the houses in Hearst, Texas. And some of the toilet paper landed on the roofs of the houses, and some of the toilet paper landed on cars in the neighborhood, and some of the toilet paper landed on top of trees. The next morning, when Marley's friends woke up, they saw that everything was covered in toilet paper. There was toilet paper on the streets, and there was toilet paper on the sidewalks. And all of the kids who lived in Hearst, Texas, were like, what happened? How did the storm blow so much toilet paper to get all over? And finally, Marley and her family came out of their factory, and they went to town, and they made in a big announcement that all of the toilet paper was missing from the factory, and it blew all over the cars and stuff. And one of the kids, as they were listening to the announcement, said that the weatherman didn't say that there was going to be a storm and that people were thinking that it wasn't a regular storm that happened the night before that blew the toilet paper. All over the town, people were saying that it was a giant. And it was a giant who lived in the sky and was blowing so hard because there was soup that was hot and he was trying to blow on his spoon to cool down the hot soup. But the giant missed and he blew all the way down to Earth. And that wind from the giant's mouth as he was trying to cool his hot soup, that was the wind that came and blew the toilet paper out of the factory that Marley lived in. Well, if that kid was right, Marley told her parents, then the toilet papers might have gotten some magical qualities from the sky. So Marley told her friends that it was time for them to see if the toilet paper could do anything special. And Marley picked up a piece of the rainbow unicorn toilet paper, and she saw that it floated all by itself in the air and that if you wanted to make the toilet paper into a paper airplane, all you had to do is touch it and say paper airplane. And then the toilet paper turned into a paper airplane. Yeah, bud. So could you say could you touch it and then say giant and it would turn into a walk? Well, if you touched the kind of toilet paper that fell because it was a giant that blew the wind that made it happen, it was a little bit magical. And so it couldn't turn into anything that you wanted. But if a kid kind of touched it as they were wishing for the toilet paper to do something, then it could turn into, like, a magic carpet, for example, that could fly. It had to be something that was little. Like you couldn't make a little piece of even the unicorn toilet paper. You couldn't turn into a whole elephant, but you could turn it into a piece of a magic carpet. Yeah, bud. Could you turn it into a cup? Because that's not too big? Yeah, you could turn it into a cup. And some of the kids decided that they would make a lot of paper airplanes because that was the easiest. All you had to do was touch the toilet paper. And there were so much on top of cars, on the sidewalks, on the roofs of houses, toilet paper and trees, if you just touched it, then it turned into a paper airplane. Yeah, bud. So, like, kids didn't have to share all at that time, I bet. No, there was enough for everyone. And anyway, because there were so many paper airplanes that were made out of the toilet paper, the paper airplanes started to fly all around because the kind of paper airplanes that it made stayed in the air for a long time. And that's when Marley decided she needed a paper airplane. Airport. Yeah, bud. But what if the plane landed in a bad mode and it crashed if the paper airplane crashed? Well, that's a good question, Bud. Marley's airport for the paper airplanes was flashing. And so if a paper airplane was getting close to the flashing airport, then it could see that it needed to land straight. And also the paper airplanes, even though they were just made of toilet paper because it was a special kind of toilet paper, they were good at steering. And so all of the kids who lived in Hearst, Texas, picked up all of the pieces of toilet paper. And there were so many paper airplanes flying around. There were paper airplanes that were flying in circles. On top of Hearst, Texas, there were lines of paper airplanes that were giving little grasshoppers and caterpillars rides. Because if a caterpillar wants to get somewhere, like across town, then it's not nice for them to just have to wait until they become a butterfly and then they could fly there. So all the caterpillars realized all they had to do was go onto a paper airplane and then they can take an airplane ride wherever they wanted. And suddenly, all over Hearst, Texas, there were caterpillars taking paper airplane rides. And another thing that Marley started to do is she realized that you could draw pictures onto the toilet paper. And if you drew pictures on the toilet paper, then the lines of the pictures that you drew, if it was with crayon or with marker, the lines could change colors by themselves and the lines could move. So let's say you drew a picture of, let's say, a rainbow, and you did like red in it and green and some blue and stuff like that in the rainbow. Then the rainbow could change colors as it was there, and the lines could change, so the rainbow could also be a different shape. And so all of the kids were having a lot of fun with all of the toilet paper until Marley's mom and dad said, how are we going to get it all back to the toilet paper factory? And that's when Marley had a really good idea. Marley told all of the kids that they needed to turn the rest of the toilet paper into a rocket ship. And they made a big toilet paper rocket ship and they said, Three, two, one, blast off. And it blasted off right back into the toilet paper factory. And after it got back in the toilet paper factory, it still had the kind of magic that it got from the giant who is trying to blow on his hot soup, but ended up causing a storm on Earth. And the magic that it had meant. Yebud. But the giant wasn't trying to be mean. No, the giant was not trying to be mean. He just had hot soup and he was trying to blow on the hot soup to cool it down, but he missed the spoon and it blew down to earth. And that's what caused that kind of windstorm. But it ended up being that Marley's factory became a magic factory and was able to make toys as well. And Marley and her family lived happily ever after. The end.