Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a boy whose name was Isaac. Isaac's house looked like a regular house, and Isaac slept on what looked like a regular bed. Isaac had a regular pillow and a regular comfy blanket. And everything about Isaac's house looked regular. But in Isaac's house, there was a secret door. The secret door was inside of a closet, and it was behind some old stuff. The secret door was little, and the grownups in Isaac's house didn't even know there was a secret door. But Isaac one day saw it. While he was playing in a closet, Isaac pushed aside an old suitcase, and he saw that behind the suitcase there was a magic door. The magic door was full of glitter on it. And the magic door also had a doorknob which was made out of a lollipop. And there was a lollipop key that went in the lollipop doorknob to open it up.

Well, Isaac told his big sister Violet that they should go together through the magic door on an adventure. So Isaac and Violet packed a snack, and then they went and opened the magic door. On the other side of the magic door, Isaac and his sister Violet saw that there was a waterfall. And the waterfall was making orange juice go down. It was not regular water. And you know what? I think the reason it said do not go is so no one fell down into the waterfall. It could be bad. And Isaac found an orange juice waterfall, and there was also a rainbow behind the magic door. And after they opened up the magic door and they saw the orange juice waterfall and the rainbow, they saw that there were so many penguins, and one of the penguins was in charge. And the penguin who was in charge of the place behind the secret door said, Isaac, Violet, you guys could come in. And Isaac and Violet stepped inside the magical land on the other side of the secret door.

When they stepped inside the magic land, they saw that there was ketchup on the floor, and their feet got all red with ketchup. Isaac asked his sister Violet, "Violet, why is there so much ketchup on the floor?" And one of the penguins overheard Isaac ask that, and the penguin said, "Because penguins love ketchup." And Isaac said, "Oh."

Well, the penguins said it was time for a penguin dinner and that Isaac and Violet could join them for their special penguin dinner. Isaac had never eaten dinner with penguins before, and the penguins had some special rules for dinner. At penguin dinners, usually you have dessert first. In people dinners, you could have dessert only sometimes, and that's after. But penguins like to have desserts first. And then in penguin dinners, penguins really like after they have dessert, to have the yummiest kind of ice cream noodle. Now, the kind of ice cream noodle that the penguins like is really good for the North Pole and for the South Pole and any cold place where penguins live, because ice cream noodles, they stay cold if it's cold outside and it is cold in the North Pole and South Pole.

Well, Isaac asked the penguins if he could try some of the ice cream noodles, and the penguins said, okay. So Isaac and Violet started to eat some yummy yummy ice cream noodles with the penguins. And then the penguin said that usually when people eat dinner, they sit down and they go around a table. But the penguin said that in penguin Land, if you want to have a dinner, you have to have the dinner while you are splashing around in puddles with your feet. And so Isaac and Violet got up, and they started splashing in the ketchup puddles as they were eating the ice cream noodles. And all of the penguins were starting to clap, and the penguins were playing different instruments, like one penguin was playing the drums, and one penguin was playing the piano, and there was a different penguin playing the guitar. And all of the penguins started to say, "Party time, party time." Because in the penguin land, the rule was every time after dinner, because you didn't have dessert after dinner. After dinner was party time. And when it's party time, the penguins got to turn on a disco ball, which made different lights go all around their penguin cave. And then they got to dance. And some of the penguins liked to do party time after dinner with their pajamas on. And some of the penguins were just wearing their regular clothes, and not all penguins wear clothing, so some penguins were just dancing naked. And all of the penguins brought toys with them. And some of the penguins were doing a ChuChu dance. And they would hold on to each other and say and then they would all laugh. Good job, Bud.

And just as all of the penguins were having the most fun of all, they saw that up in the sky in the Magic Land, there were some helicopters. And the helicopters looked like firefighter helicopters because they were red helicopters, and they had red hoses attached to them. And Isaac asked his sister Violet why there were firefighter helicopters there. And Violet said, "I don't know." And Violet asked a penguin if there was a fire. And the penguin told Violet and Isaac that the firefighter helicopter just squirts out ketchup in case they run out. And that's why it's a red firefighter helicopter. And that's why it has a red hose, because it has to squirt out enough ketchup, because sometimes if penguins run out of ketchup, then you know what happens? Uhoh, they get sad.

So there was a firefighter helicopter that started to spray so much ketchup near the floor. And just as the firefighter helicopter was doing that, some police helicopters came by. And the police helicopters had sirens on top of the helicopters. And the part on top of the helicopter, the rotors of propellers, those looked like forks. And it was a police fork helicopter that was going in the air, and it was saying, "Alert. Notice everyone in the Magic Kingdom. Soon it's going to be bedtime." And Violet told Isaac that that announcement meant that they would have to go back through the magic door.

So why would it be oh, no, it's almost bedtime. Why would it be alert? Because the police helicopter needed to do a bedtime alert, so all the kids knew to go back out of the Magic Kingdom so that they could get pajamas on and go to bed.

Well, Isaac and Violet went back through the magic door into their regular house, and they told their parents about their wonderful adventure. And they got on pajamas, and then they went to sleep. And Isaac and Violet and their family lived happily ever after. The end.