Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of makeup stories. And I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use. Bye. Welcome to makeup stories.com. My name is Kencho. Makeup stories is the best in the whole wide world. Jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? A water bottle that when you press the button on water bottle to open it, it opens. And then when it opens, you go in there, and then it shuts, and then you're stuck in there. Then your mom tries to get you out by pressing the button, and then she's stuck in there. What a water bottle? That when you open it, you fall inside and get stuck and trapped. And then when your mom tries to save you to get you out, she gets stuck and trapped in the water bottle, too. And Jonah, is there anything that you want to be in the story? A rat that can turn into a robot. And Jonah wants there to be a rat that can turn into a robot. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse were very excited because they were going to a toy store that day. And they were both sitting in their car seats in the back of the car, looking out the window. And Jesse noticed on his way to the toy store that some of the clouds had polka dots growing in them. They were like big purple circles that were growing in the clouds. And he told jonah, and Jonah tried to look out his window of the car to see the clouds. And when Jonah looked at it, he saw that the polka dots were kind of moving around the clouds. They told their parents, and the grownups weren't able to see it. And soon, Steve parked their car right by the toy store. Jonah and Jesse got out of their car, and they held their parents hands, and they went into the toy store. The toy store had all sorts of toys. For example, there was a robot toy. There was also a bunch of lego, and there were some dolls and teddy bears. There were some puzzles. There was also some light up jump ropes. There were race cars. There was magnetic sand and lots of different toys. And Jonah and Jesse looked through all of the toys, and they asked their parents which one they could get. And steve told Jonah and Jesse that they could each choose one toy to share and they would trade in a different toy that they had. So Jonah and Jesse were walking around the store, and as they were walking around the store, suddenly the lights of the store turned off and it got pretty dark. It was a blackout, like they couldn't see. All they could see was black. Yes, it was a blackout. And they couldn't really see anything except like some of the toys had eyes that lit up and they were able to see those toys'eyes. And when Jonah and Jesse looked out, they could see that it was starting to rain a kind of purple paint where the purple paint was coming out of the clouds that had those polka dots. And the purple paint was spilling up and it was going all over the road and it was getting the tires of their car, like the bottoms of the tires were getting purple. Jonah and Jesse were inside the store and it was so dark, so they asked their parents if they could go out of the store. And Steve turned on the flashlight on his phone, and when he turned on the flashlight on his phone, he could see that there is one of the toy rats in the store had come alive and was starting to crawl around the shelves. And it jumped off of the shelf and started walking right around the feet of Jonah and Jesse. And then it climbed up all the way onto Jesse's shirt. So Jesse pushed the rat off of his shirt and it went down and it started to climb up Jonah's shirt. And when the rat got on Jonah's shirt, jonah also pushed it off. But this time the rat ran away and it opened the door, the front door to the toy store. And it went outside and it went on the purple paint that came out of the polka dot clouds. When the rat got that purple paint on it, its tail started to split into two and it got some kind of metal limbs that started to grow from it. And the rat started to turn into a big purple robot. And suddenly there were little purple robots that started to grow out of the puddles of purple paint that were all over the parking lot and the road in front of the toy store. And lots of different robots started to get bigger and bigger. And Jonah and Jesse were looking at those robots and the robots turned on lights behind their eyes so that the robots could see. And they started to make some noise and they said, we are robots and we like to play. And Jonah and Jesse knew that those robots, they wanted to go into the toy store because they wanted to get all of the toys from the toy store and bring it to a robot town where all the robots did all day was not work, not go to school, just play. Yeah, like all they did was play. That was not healthy for them. So some of the robots just broke down. And the robots wanted to take all of the toys from the toy store back to a robot town where all they did was play. And that wasn't so healthy. And some of the robots broke down. They didn't have their vegetables. They didn't do anything that they didn't even build houses. They just stayed all day outside playing. Yeah, they just go boom, boom, like toys, and they just go race. Yeah, they would race their toys so much and they wouldn't even go to sleep. And they would be so tired and cranky the next day. And that's why Jonah told Jesse that they were going to have to guard the toy store to make sure that the robots didn't get all of the toys. So Jonah and Jesse stood in front. Jesse decided while Joan was blocking the toy store, jesse started to build a brick wall for half of the store. And he got that, and he made another door right there. And then Jesse opened that door, and then the world was called room. They got hump too free. Hump too free. And then they took all the toys in there, and John locked the door, and he let his mom and his dad in and then locked the door. And then he put robots on the sign, and then he did X over robots and the world's go. So Jesse and Jonah were outside, and Jesse realized that he could build a brick wall in front of the toy store so that the robots wouldn't go in the toy store. And Jesse built a brick wall with Jonah's help and Steve and Amanda's help. And the brick wall led to a tunnel, and all of the robots followed the brick wall down into the tunnel. And when they got into the tunnel, that's when Jesse opened up his water bottle, because he brought a water bottle with him, and he started to take a sip of the water bottle. And his idea was that if he just, like, drank enough water while the robots were going down the tunnel, then afterwards, he could close the brick wall and he could ask Jonah to write a message on some paper for the robots to say. Robots, you can't just play with toys all day. Sometimes you have to eat vegetables and do stuff like that. And so Jesse finished drinking his water, and he used his water to the rest of the water that was in his sippy cup. He poured it on a piece of paper. And then Jonah got a marker, and he drew a note on that piece of wet paper. And because the paper was wet, the ink in the marker started to spread out all over. And it made a secret message to the robots that the robots wanted to listen to so they wouldn't break into the toy store and take all of the toys to play with it all day. And then when Jonah was finished writing the secret letter with the magic ink, jesse put it down the brick tunnel and the robots read it. After the robots read it, they told Jesse and Jonah that they were so grateful and thankful to Jonah and Jesse for teaching them that they could also do nice things and not just play all day. That they were going to give Jesse a magical water bottle that he could go in whenever he wanted. Didn't have real water in it. It had a kind of magic water. Some bullies wanted to kid wanted to just fight him. Then Jesse could just go in that wood bottle and they would try to punch the water bottle. And since the wood bottle was made of titanium, they would just hold the self instead of Jesse. Well, nobody really tried to hurt Jesse, but just in case, there was, like a magic water bottle that Jesse could go into, and it would protect him and his mom and his dad and Jonah, and Jesse and Jonah and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after in the world. But it could even fit five people. Yep. Thanks for listening to makeup stores that come. My name is Lena. How are your friends? Close. Close.