Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived an eight-year-old girl named Stella. Stella didn't live in a regular city with a lot of buildings. She also didn't live in a place with a lot of houses. Stella grew up far away in a jungle, living in a hut. A hut is like a house, but it doesn't have so many rooms. Often, the hut is made of straw or just a little bit of wood or bamboo. The hut is not so strong if there's a big rainstorm or if it's so, so windy. So Stella and her parents used to always make sure that if it was rainy, they would go underground. They liked where they lived because they lived in the middle of the forest, and there were lots of interesting animals in the forest.

One of the interesting animals was a leopard. The leopards in this forest were so fast and so good at hunting, but they were really nice. What they would do is they would sneak up on animals that they wanted to get. For example, if they wanted to get a piggy, they would sneak up on the piggy and hide behind some trees, and then they would pounce on the animal they were trying to get. But instead of eating them, because these were nice leopards, the leopards would give the animals toys. The leopards in this forest kept giving out toys to so many different animals, and all of the animals in this forest were happy. So Stella and her parents loved to live in this forest.

There were also places where they went fishing. The fish that they caught in this kind of forest were really silly-looking fish. One of the fish that Stella once caught had legs, and the fish could even walk, but it couldn't walk on the land because it couldn't breathe on the land. The fish that Stella caught in this forest had legs and could walk in water. So Stella told her parents, "We should always stay in this forest." And her parents told Stella, "We are pregnant with a baby, and you are going to have a new baby sister soon." Stella said, "That's such good news. I always wanted to have a baby sister." And her mom's belly got bigger as time went by.

New days came and went, and soon Emma's mama was so pregnant. Emma was getting a little bit lonely because she didn't want to wait for the baby to come out. So Emma's dad, Max, told Emma that they could go search through the forest to find an animal to be Stella's pet. Stella and her dad brought some nets with them, and they went into the forest. They also decided to bring some animal candy. Animal candy is a special kind of candy because people candy has a lot of sugar in it. But animal candy, the kind that Stella and her dad, Max, used, had a lot of protein in it. The animal candy smelled so good to different animals. So Stella and her dad's idea was that they would hunt around for animals, and then they would put their animal candy out. When an animal came to try to get the animal candy, they would put it in a net, not to be mean, but just so they could take it home to take care of it and be nice to it.

As they walked through the forest, Stella heard some monkeys going in the forest, and she also heard some birds tweeting about and singing some silly bird songs that went like this. But Stella decided that she didn't want to bring a bird home as a pet. So she kept looking around, and as she kept looking, she saw something kind of furry under a bush. Her dad said, "Did you just see what I saw?" And Stella said, "I think so." Her dad showed her that there was a kitty cat under the bush. The kitty cat was furry, but it had rainbow-colored fur and looked a little bit like it had bird wings. But the kitty cat didn't really have bird wings; it just looked like that.

Well, Stella caught the kitty cat in her net, and she and her dad brought the kitty home. When Stella brought the kitty back to their hut, the mama said, "Oh, I'm so glad that you caught a kitty cat, Stella, because I was also feeling a little bit lonely until the new baby comes." Stella brought the kitty cat back home. When the kitty cat got in the hut, the kitty cat said, "Meow, meow." And it made such a cute little meow. Stella told the kitty cat that they could be best friends forever.

But when Stella turned around, she saw that the kitty cat's wings came out. This was a special kind of parrot birdie kitty cat. The kitty cat was able to copy what people say. This kitty cat, because it had bird wings and looked like a colorful rainbow parrot, was able to copy people and say people words. So Stella taught the birdie kitty cat to say "baby baby." And whenever Stella would say "baby," the rainbow parrot kitty cat would say "baby, baby." It would try to copy what Stella said, but in a kind of parrot voice.

The next day when Stella woke up, her mom said that her tummy was hurting. Stella asked her mom what it was, and her mom said that she thinks the baby's going to come out. So Stella went with her dad, Max, to go to the doctor. Now, in the middle of the jungle, they don't have regular doctors in doctor offices with stethoscopes and thermometers and other kinds of instruments. In the jungle, there is a special kind of kangaroo doctor. A kangaroo is an animal that likes to jump and has two legs and kind of stands up, and it has a pouch in its belly button to carry its babies.

Max and Stella set off for the kangaroo doctor, and they found the kangaroo doctor on a hammock, which is a lot of pieces of ropes tied together and suspended between trees. They told the kangaroo doctor to come because Stella's mama, Emma, needed help getting the baby out. The kangaroo doctor said, "Spring away," and he started hopping and jumping all the way to Stella's hut. When he got to Stella's hut, the kangaroo doctor told Emma, Stella's mom, that the baby was coming out. The baby came out, and it was so good. The mama was happy, and the baby was happy, and Max, the dad, was happy, and Stella was so happy.

The baby kitty cat parrot liked to copy everything that it heard. So when the baby said, "WA," the kitty cat parrot started to copy and it also cried and it said, "wow." Stella was really happy because now she had a baby sister and the whole family. The baby sister was kind of silly and always loved to get milk from mama. Stella told her mom that she's pretty sure that the kangaroo doctor helped so much that this is going to be a good baby. Her mama said this baby's name could be Estella. Stella liked it because it rhymed with her name, Stella.

As the baby became a toddler, Stella noticed something very interesting about this baby. She noticed that this baby would sometimes sneakily, when her parents, Emma and Max, weren't looking, turn into a grownup. The baby was a baby during the day, but sometimes when grownups weren't looking, it secretly turned into a grownup. Because Estella became a grownup baby when the parents weren't looking, Estella and Stella, the two sisters, would go on walks through the forest together. One time they got lost because there were so many trees in the forest, and they didn't leave any trail, including no Cheerios or nuts, to mark how they got there. When they got so lost, Stella told her little baby sister Estella, who was a grownup because parents weren't looking, to look on her phone to find directions home.

Estella picked up her phone because she was a grownup baby and looked at her phone for directions to how to get back to the hut, and she found directions, and they got all the way back to the hut. Estella kept becoming a secret grownup whenever other grownups weren't looking. Stella and Estella and their family lived happily ever after. The end.