Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old boy whose name was Kaden. Kaden lived next to a big forest, and there were so many trees in the forest, and there were also deer that lived in the forest and that would go around and hide. But sometimes Kaden could see them. And there were mountain lions in the forest, and there were bunny rabbits in the forest. And there were also coyotes. So Kaden never went in the forest all by himself? Usually, he went with his mama or his dad or a teacher or some friends.

Well, one day it was getting close to Halloween, and Kaden was walking, wearing a special costume, and the costume was a monster truck costume. And he was walking with his mom through the forest. And when they were walking through the forest, Kaden saw a spooky tree. The spooky tree had an owl on it, and the owl was on a branch in the tree and it had yellow owl eyes. And it looked at Kaden and it said, and Kaden told his mom he spotted an owl. And his mama looked at the owl and she couldn't even see it. And Kaden said to his mom, "Mom, you have to believe me. I really did see an owl on the tree." And Kaden looked up at the branch and the owl was still there. And it looked at Kaden in his monster truck costume, and it said, and Kaden said, "Mom, can't you see it now?" And he pointed to the branch where the owl was. And Kaden's mom said she still couldn't see it. Sometimes there are things that kids could see that they imagine that grownups can't see.

Well, Kaden looked even more carefully at the tree, and he saw that right next to the owl, there were some leaves that were made up of cotton candy. Yeah. And Kaden thought that maybe the owl was trying to share some of the cotton candy or wanted to eat the cotton candy by himself. Well, Kaden looked at the other side of the tree, and he saw that some branches were not made of wood, and they didn't have bark because those branches were made out of candy cane. Is that where the cotton candy leaves were coming from? Yes. And the cotton candy leaves were coming out of the candy cane branches. Well, if you looked at the top of the tree, usually some trees have a branch that goes the highest, but this tree didn't. This tree had a lollipop at the very top of the tree. And sometimes trees have bark, but this tree had no bark on it. Instead, it had gummy bears. It was the yummiest, sugariest tree. And it was also a little spooky because it had some Halloween decorations next to it. For example, it had a pretend spider.

Kaden told his mom to look again at the tree, and he said, "Look, look, there's so much candy." And his mom looked at the tree and she said, "I think it's just a regular tree." And Kaden was like, "No, mom, really. It has so much candy. It has cotton candy, and it has candy cane for branches, and there's a lollipop on top. And I think the owl is in charge of the candy." And just as Kaden said that, the owl said. And suddenly the tree started dropping candy and the leaves came off and the cotton candy started falling down to the ground, and the gummy bears started falling down, and it got windy, and the wind was blowing the candy that was falling from the tree all over the ground. And there was so much candy on the ground that it was making a big, big mess.

Finally, Kaden's mom said that she saw all of the candy. And Kaden said, "See, mom, you should have believed me." Well, it was very important for her to believe Kaden because too much candy is not good to have in a forest because let's say the mountain lion gets the candy, or let's say the coyotes get the candy, that could give them a tummy ache. Because if a mountain lion or if a coyote or if a rabbit eats too much candy, do you know what happens? Tummy ache.

So Kaden decided they would need to figure out a way to clean up all of the candy. But it was too much candy to clean up. And they didn't have a broom and they didn't have anything that they could use to clean up with. And so Kaden told his mom they had to think about how to clean it up. And his mom said, "Well, this is way too big a mess for us to clean up." And just as Kaden's mama said that, Kaden looked down on the ground and right under some of the candy, he found magic glasses. And Kaden picked up the magic glasses and he put the magic glasses on his face in front of his eyes. And do you know what happened when he put the magic glasses on? What? What happened was he made bugs appear. And do you know what bugs like to do what? They love to eat sugar.

And so whenever Kaden put the magic glasses on, all he had to do is think of a bug. And whatever bug he thought of would come and crawl on the ground. So first Kaden decided to make a roly poly come, and he put on the glasses and said, "Roly poly." And just as he said roly poly, like 17 or even maybe 18 different rolly polys started to come. And then Kaden looked somewhere else with his magic glasses, and he said, "Caterpillars." And right when he said caterpillars, there were like seven different caterpillars that appeared. And Kaden said, "Worms." And he looked with his magic glasses under a rock, and there were so many worms under the rock. And then Kaden said, "ladybugs." And just as he said ladybugs, he found so many ladybugs on the grass.

And then Kaden decided he needed to keep getting different bugs to come because you know what bugs are so good at doing? Eating candy. And the bugs would help clean up all the candy. So Kaden decided that he wanted grasshoppers to come. And he looked with his glasses, his magic, magic glasses, and said, "Grasshoppers." And suddenly a lot of grasshoppers came, and he said, "Bees." And a lot of friendly bees that didn't sting came. And then like, bees that just stung for predators and stuff. Yeah, it was bees that would only sting predators and stuff, not people and not especially not kids.

Well, once all of the bugs and the roly polys and the caterpillars and the worms and the ladybugs and the butterflies and the grasshoppers and the bees, once they all came, Kaden said, "Attention, everyone. I have an important announcement for all the bugs. The spooky tree has too much candy falling from it, and it's making a mess. So the bug's jobs are to eat up all the candy and to save some for me, and I'll bring some back for other kids and friends." And all of the bugs were so happy because bugs don't really get a tummy ache if they eat candy. And so the roly polys and caterpillars and worms and ladybugs and butterflies and grasshoppers and bees started to eat so much candy.

And Kaden and his mom found an empty bag, and they saved up a lot of the candy that the bugs didn't eat. And they put it in the bag and they went on home, and Kaden had a bag of candy that he saved, and he even got to eat some of the candy cane. And Kaden and his mama decided they would share some candy with friends. And they did that. And Kaden's friends were so happy. And Kaden and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to the story because they will like it.