Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big kid named Saul. Saul was seven years old, and she lived on a volcano. The volcano she lived on was the biggest volcano in the world. But on one side of the volcano, the lava never fell. And on that side of the volcano, she had a farm. Saul's farm was a really special farm because on the farm, they had little sheep, little ponies, little goats, and there were houses all over the farm in the trees, and those houses were for chickens. And there was one of the chickens that was a rainbow-colored chicken, and who Saul taught how to talk. And this chicken, the rainbow-colored chicken, was named Chiggy, and it could speak.

One day, Saul and Chiggy chicken were going for a walk, and as they were going for a walk, they decided to climb up to the top of the volcano because Chiggy chicken had never been there before. And Chiggy chicken said that they had a way to be safe, and there were some grownups who would be watching. So Saul said, okay. And Saul and Chiggy chicken went off Saul's farm, and they started going on the trail that led to the top of the volcano.

As they got higher up the trail and were approaching the top of the volcano, Saul noticed something really special. She noticed that there was a wire attached to a tree near the top of the volcano. And the wire had something that you could hold on to with your hands. And there were some harnesses next to it that you could put on your body to strap you in. And you can hold on to those things on the cables, on the ropes, and you can go wee and hold on and go for a fun ride as you would swing across from the top of the volcano down to the beach. And Saul went up to this, and it was called a zip line. And Chiggy the chicken also followed.

As they were going up, they found that there was a sheep named Sheppy. And Sheppy the sheep wanted to come along with them. And then as they passed a little pond, there was a duck named David. And David the duck wanted to quack along, too. So Saul ended up leading so many different animals to the tree that was near the top of the volcano. And she wasn't worried that the volcano would erupt because this volcano was dormant. It hadn't erupted in a long time, so it wasn't dangerous.

Well, when she and her animal friends got to the top of the volcano where the tree was, they saw that there was a big chicken. And this chicken was the size of a tree. And this chicken was also rainbow-colored. And this chicken said to Chiggy that it is Chiggy chicken's Dada. And Saul said, "Yay, Chiggy Chicken, now you found your dada." And Chiggy Chicken said, "Hip hip hooray!" And they started to flap their chicken wings. As they did that, David Ducky and all of the other animals like Sheppy the sheep started saying, "Hip hip hooray!" And they did an animal dance where they stomped their feet and went up and down and also sprinkled confetti. And Saul was so happy, and the big chicken said to Chiggy Chicken and all the other animals and Saul that they could get rides on the zip line.

And so they went on the zip line and started to get strapped in for their fun ride from the tree on top of the volcano to the beach. Well, Saul went first, and she said "wee" as she held onto the zip line. And the rope took her all the way down in a fun, fast ride to the beach where she landed safely and smoothly. Soon after she landed, all of the chickens came down the zip line too. And then David the ducky also was strapped in. And the ducky didn't have any hands that he could hold on to the rope with, and so there was just something that attached him. And all the animals came down the zip line. And they were having so much fun.

When they got to the beach on the other side of the zip line, they saw that the beach was really special because there was an old box that was kind of under the sand, and it looked like it was maybe a pirate treasure or something like that. And so Saul told all of her animal friends that they should start digging. And a kitty cat came and started meowing as they were digging. And they dug and they got to the bottom, and what they found was this box had something shiny in it. So they opened up the box and they saw that it was full of gold and that pirates must have left that there a long time ago.

And Saul asked Chiggy Chicken if they're allowed to keep some of the treasure that they found. And Chiggy Chicken said that they should attach the treasure to the zip line and bring it back to the top of the volcano and have it get a ride there. And then the big rainbow chicken would say if it's okay to keep some. And so they attached the treasure box to the zip line, and they all took turns going back up the volcano mountain, and they asked the big chicken on top. And the big chicken said that it was okay for Saul to keep a gold coin and for Chiggy Chicken to have a gold coin and for David Ducky to have a gold coin and for Sheppy, the sheep, to have a gold coin and for all the animals to keep one. And they said that they would save up the rest and bury it again in case the pirates came back.

So they went back down to the beach and they used some shovels to dig in the sand, and they found a good spot to hide it, and they put the treasure back in there. And they also left a note that told the pirates that they each took one because there was plenty for everyone. And Saul then went back to her parents and told her parents that she had a great adventure going on the zip line by the volcano. And Chiggy chicken came along too. And they had so much fun in Saul's farm on the side of the volcano. And Saul and her family lived happily ever after. The end.