Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Esme. One night, as Esme was falling asleep, she saw some balloons float through her window. A magical wind blew the balloons into her room, and because they were magic, they tied themselves to Esme's bed. With the balloons attached, Esme's bed floated out of her house, over Canberra, Australia, and all the way to the North Pole.

When Esme woke up, she saw that she was still on her bed, held in the air by the red and blue balloons. It was cold outside, so she was glad she had her blankets and pajamas on. Esme saw lots of snow and realized she was at the North Pole. But when she looked up, it seemed like she had traveled back in time because the clouds were made of milk and sugar.

Esme wondered what would happen if her parents weren't alive yet. The balloons had taken her to a magical time before people existed. She saw big clouds made of milk and sugar floating in the sky like cotton candy. As Esme lay in her bed, wondering why the balloons had brought her to this strange place, it started to snow ice cream! The ice cream snow must have come from the milk and sugar clouds.

As the ice cream snow fell, Esme saw big piles of ice cream on the North Pole. Then, a strong wind blew, and the ice cream snowstorm stopped. Some seeds flew in the wind and landed in the piles of ice cream. They were magical flower seeds! In the olden days, there was a special flower that grew in ice cream called the orange ice cream flower. That's what was being planted now.

Esme watched as the wind carried the orange seeds into the ice cream, and right away, orange ice cream flowers began to grow. These flowers had legs and arms and could walk around. They got very hungry and loved to eat candy. So, the orange ice cream flowers started to dance around the North Pole, looking for candy.

Esme climbed down from her bed onto a pile of ice cream. One of the ice cream flowers came up to her and asked, "Esme, do you have any candy?" Esme reached into her pillow and found some M&M's. She gave them to the ice cream flowers, and as they ate, they changed colors to match the M&M's they ate. The M&M ice cream flowers were so happy with Esme.

One of the ice cream flowers asked Esme if she wanted to go fishing. Esme said she did, but she didn't know how to fish at the North Pole. An orange M&M ice cream flower told her to reach into her pillow and pull out a magic fishing rod made of pipe cleaners. Esme did, and all the flowers started to sing a song about a rainbow, a sailor, a princess, and a butterfly that did a silly hopping dance.

As the flowers sang, Esme touched her special pipe cleaner fishing rod, and a magical fishing line reached up to the milk clouds in the sky. In the olden days, fish lived in clouds instead of water. The fish in the milk and sugar clouds were funny because they had wings and straws for mouths. They sipped milkshakes from the clouds when they were hungry. Some of these fish later fell into the ocean and became whales, sharks, or other fish like Nemo. Some even turned into gummy fish or gummy bears.

Esme was so happy because she caught many different kinds of fish with her pipe cleaner fishing rod. She didn't catch the mean shark fish, though. She told it to be nicer, and it promised to be better in the future. Esme put the fish she caught in her magic pillow, where they could breathe.

Finally, Esme's bed floated back to her house in Canberra, Australia, with the help of the magic balloons. Esme and her family lived happily ever after. The end.