Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Esme. Esme went to sleep one night on her bed and as she was falling asleep, she saw some balloons come through her window. And there was a magic kind of wind that blew the balloons through the window into her house. Because the balloons were magic, they tied themselves to Esme's bed. And Esme floated away in her bed out of her house over Canberra, Australia and floated through the air until she got towards the North Pole.

When Esme woke up, she saw that she was still on her bed and the bed was still held in the air by the red and blue balloons. She saw that it was cold outside. So she was so happy she still had her blankets on her and also her pajamas. And Esme saw that there was so much snow and it looked like she was in the North Pole. But when she looked up, she saw that it looked like it was probably the olden days before there were so many people and that the magic balloons might have taken her back in time because when she looked up, she saw that the clouds were made.

So what happens if her parents weren't alive yet? Well, Esme was. The balloons took her to a magical time before her parents or any people were really alive. And when she looked up she saw big clouds that were made of milk and sugar. And the clouds were floating in the sky like pieces of cotton candy. And suddenly as Esme was laying down in her bed and wondering why the balloons carried her bed to this strange place, she saw that it started to snow ice cream. And the ice cream snow probably came from the clouds that were made of milk and sugar. And it didn't just rain milk and sugar because they were in the North Pole. So it started to snow ice cream.

As it snowed ice cream, Esme saw that there were big piles of ice cream that were landing on top of the North Pole. And then she saw that there was a big wind coming, and the ice cream snowstorm stopped, and some seeds were flying in the wind, and the seeds got planted in the big pile of ice cream. And they were magical flower seeds. Sometimes the best way to grow a flower is to put a seed in some dirt. But there's also a kind of flower that used to exist in the olden days that people are still trying to find in the North Pole, but nobody knows if it's still there. And that's the kind of flower that was being planted in the ice cream. It's called an orange ice cream flower. And the orange ice cream flower is what happens when you put an orange flower seed in some ice cream.

And Esme saw that the wind was carrying all of the orange seeds in the ice cream, and right away, orange ice cream flowers were starting to grow. The ice cream flowers had legs and they could walk around. And the ice cream flowers also had arms, and they were able to walk. The ice cream flowers got so hungry. And when the ice cream flowers wanted to eat, the thing that they loved to eat the most was yummy candy. And so the orange ice cream flowers started to walk around and dance around the North Pole looking for candy.

Esme got off of her bed and she climbed down onto a pile of ice cream. She sat down, and one of the ice cream flowers came up to her. And the ice cream flower asked Esme, "Esme, do you have any candy?" And Esme put her hand in her pillow that was on her bed, and in the pillow she found some M&M's. So Esme gave the M&M's to the ice cream orange flowers. And as the ice cream flowers ate the M&M's, they started changing colors. And instead of being orange ice cream flowers, they turned into the color of M&M that they ate. And so some flowers turned red, and some flowers turned blue, and some flowers turned yellow. And all of the M&M ice cream flowers were so happy with Esme.

One of the ice cream flowers asked Esme if she wanted to go fishing. And Esme said she really did. But she didn't know if there was a fishing rod to go fishing with or how they could even go fishing in the North Pole because there weren't lakes. And that's when one of the M&M ice cream flowers that was orange said to Esme, "Esme, if you put your hand in the pillow, you're going to get a magic fishing rod made out of pipe cleaners. Pull the magic fishing rod that's made out of pipe cleaners out of your pillow." And Esme stuck her hand in the pillow, and she found that there was a fishing rod made out of popsicle sticks and also special pipe cleaners. And she picked it up, and all of the flowers started to sing a song. And the song was about a rainbow and a sailor and a princess and a butterfly that used to do a silly kind of hopping dance.

And as the flowers were singing their special song, Esme touched her special pipe cleaner popsicle stick fishing rod, and it made a magical fishing line go all the way to the milk clouds in the sky. Because in the olden days, fish didn't live in the water in lakes or in the ocean or in ponds, and there were no fish tanks. So all of the fish in the olden days used to live in the clouds. And clouds are made of water, so that's how fish could live there.

Well, in the olden days, before fish fell down into the oceans and while they were still swimming around the clouds, the kinds of fish that liked the ice cream clouds, that were made of milk and sugar were the funniest kinds of fish because those fish also had little wings so that they could float and stay in the air. And they also, instead of having regular mouths, the fish that lived in the clouds had kind of straws that came out of their mouths. And this way, whenever they got hungry, they just sipped on the straw and some milkshake started to come out of the clouds and that's what the fish ate. And some of those fish ended up falling into the ocean and becoming whales. And one of them, which was not the nicest fish, fell into the ocean and became a shark. But most of the fish became really nice fishes and were named Nemo and other kinds of fishes. And some of the fish decided to turn into gummy fishes. And some of the fish even they climbed down from the cloud on an airplane a different day. And when they got down, they turned into gummy bears.

Well, Esme was so happy because using her popsicle stick pipe cleaner fishing rod she caught various different kinds of fish and all of the fish that she caught were able to go in her bed. Did she catch that mean shark fish? She decided Esme decided not to catch the mean sharkfish because that fish had big teeth. And she told the mean sharkfish that it had to be nicer. And it said that it would be nicer in the future. And it also said, sorry, that it was mean.

And Esme went back and she carried some fish in her magic pillow. And the fish were able to breathe in her magic pillow. And Esme's bed floated back with Esme using the magic balloons all the way back to her house in Canberra, Australia. And Esme and her family lived happily ever after. The end.