Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Olivia. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Hello. My name is Stephanie. I am six years old and I live in Aubrey, Australia. I would like a story about a turtle, a volcano and a mermaid. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Daphne who lives in New South Wales, Australia, and who just turned six years old a couple of weeks ago. And so we want to say Happy birthday Daphne. Happy birthday Daphne. Daphne and Daphne asked for us to make up a story that includes a turtle, a volcano and a mermaid. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Daphne. Daphne was born with some special powers, but not everybody knew about it and not everybody believed her. But when Daphne was a kid, she knew that she was going to be something special when she got bigger. And she always wondered what her adventure would be. One day, when Daphne was by a playground playing with some of her friends, she went down a slide. And at the bottom of the slide she saw there was a new rock that had never been at the bottom of the slide before. And the rock looked a little bit like it was the shape of an egg, but it was much bigger. Daphne tried to pick up the rock, but she couldn't lift it all by herself. And so she asked her mom to come help yabud. I think Daphne should ask her mom and get the thing that is to pump up a tile like a pump but doesn't pump ale, but has like a springy thing on the bottom that you push it down to go up and it will fling off. Daphne told her mom that she had a good idea for how to lift the heavy, heavy rock. She said there's no way that a person could lift it because it was too big for a regular person to lift the rock. So she told her mom that what they needed to do is to dig a little hole under the rock. And then after they started to dig the hole under the rock, they needed to squirt a hose in the hole. And if they kept squirting the hose and they did the hose on maximum power, the hose would kind of make the rock go up because it would be squirting so hard. And so Daphne attached a hose to something that was near the playground and she started to dig a hole. Soon the rock got up and to everyone's surprise, it started to move around. This was it. This was the moment that Daphne had been waiting for. The magical thing that she knew she would one day do. Because it turns out that the rock wasn't really a rock. It was a kind of old turtle. And the turtle was such an old turtle that its shell was made of a real rock. It was the strongest kind of turtle in the world. It was the kind of turtle that doesn't just go in ponds, that doesn't just go in lakes, and that doesn't just swim in the ocean. This was a lava turtle. Lava turtles are kinds of turtles that existed in dinosaur times. Most of them aren't alive anymore. But if you look near playgrounds and you check out the rocks, and if you look for special patterns on the rocks, then sometimes you can find an old lava turtle. Yeah, bud. What happens if there's a pad on it? Will they come out, or is it just their shells and the turtles just walked off and grew new ones? Well, no, it's not just their shells, because the turtles could really wake up, but they only wake up if certain kids come next to them. And it has to be one of the kids that has the magic power. And Daphne was one of those kids, which is what she always thought, anyway. And so the turtle got up out of the ground, and it wasn't even a rock. It just looked like a rock, like its shell was made of a rock. But this kind of turtle was able to go so deep in the ground, it could go all the way to the center of the Earth. It could go under volcanoes all the way into the magma. And its special shell helped protect it from the extreme heat. These kinds of turtles are very sneaky, and that's why it's hard to find them, because if they see people coming, they'll dig little holes but leave part of the rock on top, and they could go all the way to the other side of the world. There was once a time, and Daphne had heard this story when she was really little, when an explorer went to the North Pole, and in the white snow, he saw one of those rocks, and the rock turned out to be a turtle. And it was one of those lava turtles that existed in dinosaur times. And when the lava turtle saw the explorer, it went under the snow and went through the Earth all the way from the North Pole to the South Pole. Daphne didn't want this turtle to go because this kind of lava turtle was really special. So Daphne told her friends to give the turtle a little bit of space. And then Daphne had an idea. She decided to put little pieces of candy out for the turtle, because if the turtle really was from dinosaur times, well, then, guess what? It probably never even ate candy before, because dinosaurs didn't have candy stores, only people do. So Daphne told her mom to get out some of the Gummy Bears that they were saving up. And Daphne got the Gummy Bears from the Gummy Bear bag, and she put them in a line right in front of the old lava turtle. And the old lava turtle stuck out its head and it turned out that it had a rainbow head. And the old lava turtle had such a big head, and its head was kind of like an owl's head because it could turn it all the way around, not behind it like an owl. But the lava turtle could stick its head up to the side all the way down, and it was a really cool rainbow head. And then the lava turtle stuck out its legs, and those were cool rainbow legs, and it was eating the gummy bears. And then it went up to Daphne and said, daphne, do you want a ride? And Daphne said that she did. And Daphne said, mom, do you mind if I go on the lava turtle for a little bit? And Daphne's mom said, well, because it's so rare and so uncommon to find a lava turtle, if you guys stay close, then you could go for a ride. And Daphne told the lava turtle that it needed to stay near the playground. That's when the lava turtle told Daphne that even though she didn't know about it, there was a secret lake under the ground under the playground. And in the lake there lived a mermaid. And the lava turtle told Daphne that they were going to go under the ground, under the slides, under the swings to the secret lake where the mermaid lived. And the lava turtle dug under the ground and Daphne just held onto its back as it went all the way down to the secret part underground, under the playground, where there were so many special glow in the dark stars on the ceiling of the underground cave and on in the water. There was some kind of like it looks like a king that was holding a big fork. And there were also mermaids that were dancing about. And it looked like there was kind of a bubble bath factory in the distance because you could see soap a little bit and you can see factory equipment. And it looked like bubbles were coming out of the top. And Daphne also saw that they had pipes that were connected to all of the houses. And it seemed like the mermaids could travel wherever they wanted through these underground caves that were under playgrounds. And Daphne asked the turtle if that was really true. And the turtle started to whistle. And when the lava turtle whistled, all of the mermaids came. And they came right up to Daphne and they told Daphne that she was special and they sang a magical song that made Daphne's voice also a little bit magical. And then the mermaid said that because Daphne was a person and her mom was probably waiting on top of the ground and also her dad, that they were going to let Daphne go and she could go back a different day. So Daphne climbed back on top of the lava turtle, and the lava turtle took her back to the top of the ground where the playground was, and then the turtle turned back into a rock. And Daphne told the turtle that she would visit the turtle and the mermaids a different day. And Daphne and her family lived happily ever after. The end.