Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl named Ayla. One morning, Ayla woke up, took off her blanket, and got out of bed. She ran to her mom and dad's room and said, "Mom, dad, guess what? It's my birthday!" Ayla's mom replied, "Really? I didn't remember. It's your birthday?" Ayla said, "Mom, really, it is my birthday. I'm turning five years old today." So Ayla's mom got out of bed, gave Ayla a big hug, and said, "Ayla, okay, we can celebrate your birthday today."

Ayla shouted, "Yippee," and jumped up and down in her pajamas. Her dad also gave her a big hug and said he would go to the store to get a special birthday cake. Ayla asked if she could go with her dad, and soon they were in the car, driving past traffic lights all the way to the birthday cake store.

At the store, Ayla found a really special shopping cart shaped like a bus, with a big seat for kids and a pretend steering wheel. Ayla saw that the steering wheel really worked, and when she turned it, her dad had to turn the special shopping cart all the way to the best birthday cakes in the whole store.

Ayla found a beautiful flower-shaped birthday cake with pink and blue frosting and five sparkly candles. She told her dad that she chose this special cake, and he put it in the shopping cart. Ayla honked the horn in the shopping cart and steered it to the front of the store.

The cashier at the front of the store said it must be Ayla's birthday, and Ayla agreed. The cashier also gave Ayla a birthday balloon with a picture of a flower on it. Ayla happily held the special balloon by its string.

They went back to the car, and Ayla carefully placed the birthday cake on the floor next to her car seat. She told her dad to drive carefully on the streets as they went home. On the way, Ayla saw some kangaroos jumping on the street, stopping at red lights and going at green lights, just like cars. Some of the kangaroos even started to follow Ayla's car back to their house, maybe because they smelled the special birthday cake.

When the kangaroos arrived at Ayla's house, she asked her parents to help her carry in the birthday cake. One kangaroo tried to hold the balloon with its little hands, but it wasn't fast enough. Ayla's mom held the special balloon, and they brought it inside the house. Ayla asked her mom if they could let one of the baby kangaroos come inside, and her mom agreed.

Once inside, Ayla's parents said it was time for the birthday party. They lit the sparkly candles on Ayla's special flower birthday cake and sang "Happy Birthday." All the kangaroos jumped up and down, and Ayla decided to blow out the sparkling candles.

As Ayla blew out the candles, she made a wish to control the wind. Suddenly, she had wind power! She could make a big wind by blowing just a little bit. Ayla started to eat some of the yummy pink and blue frosting with her fingers, just because it was her birthday.

The kangaroos knocked on the door, wanting some cake too. Ayla went outside and asked her parents if she could share the cake with the kangaroos. Her parents weren't sure if kangaroos could eat cake, but the kangaroos just wanted to play with the helium balloon. Ayla took the balloon outside and used her special wind power to blow the clouds around, creating a storm with colorful clouds.

Sprinkles started to fall from the clouds, and the kangaroos loved the rainbow sprinkles. Ayla blew a black cloud closer to the house, and it started to rain chocolate. Everyone in Adelaide, Australia, had so much fun because it had never rained sprinkles or chocolate before. Kangaroos don't like to eat chocolate, but they love to play in it.

Soon, all the kids in Ayla's neighborhood brought spoons and shovels to collect the chocolate and sprinkles. One kid said he would sell the chocolate and trade it for more balloons. Ayla thought that was a great idea, and everyone had so much fun.

The whole town sang "Happy Birthday" to Ayla, and she and her family lived happily ever after.