Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a girl whose name was Ayla. Ayla woke up one morning, she took off her blanket, and she got out of bed. She ran to her mom and dad's room, and Ayla said, "Mom, dad, guess what? It's my birthday." And Ayla's mom said, "Really? I didn't remember. It's your birthday." And Ayla said, "Mom, really, it is my birthday. I'm going to be five years old today." And so Ayla's mom got out of bed and gave Ayla a big hug, and her mom said, "Ayla, okay, we could have your birthday today."

So Ayla said, "Yippee," and she jumped up and down in her pajamas. Ayla's dad also gave Ayla a big hug, and he said that he would go to the store to get a special birthday cake. Ayla asked if she could go with her dad, and soon Ayla was in her car seat in her dad and mom's car, and they were off driving on the road past some traffic lights all the way to the birthday cake store.

When they got to the birthday cake store, Ayla found a really special shopping cart that she was able to sit in. The shopping cart was the shape of a bus, and it had a big seat for kids to sit in and a pretend steering wheel that you could turn around. Ayla saw that the pretend steering wheel really worked. And if she would turn the steering wheel, then her dad would have to turn the special shopping cart that was in the shape of a bus all the way to the best birthday cakes in the whole store.

There was one birthday cake that looked really special. It looked like a flower birthday cake, and it had so much pink and blue frosting on the sides, and the birthday cake even had special birthday candles in it. It had five birthday candles, and it looked like the birthday candles would be kind of sparkly. So Ayla told her dad that she chose the sparkly special flower-shaped birthday cake with the pink and the blue frosting. And her dad lifted up the big special birthday cake from the shelf. He put it in the shopping cart, and Ayla honked the horn in the shopping cart, and she started to steer it all the way to the front of the store.

When she got to the front of the store, the cashier, who's the person at the front of the store that takes the money, said it must be Ayla's birthday. And Ayla said it is. It's her birthday. And she really liked the kinds of candles on this cake. And the person who was the cashier also told Ayla that she could have a birthday balloon. The birthday balloon also had a picture of a flower on it. So Ayla said yippee. And she held the special balloon with the string.

They went back to Ayla's car, and Ayla went in her car seat, and she put the birthday cake on the floor next to her. She was very careful because she didn't want it to fall over or spill. And so she told her dad to drive carefully on the streets as they were going home. As they were driving home, Ayla saw that there were some kangaroos that were jumping on the street. And the kangaroos were kind of acting like cars, because when there was a red light, all the kangaroos would stop. And when there was a green light, the kangaroos would go, just like the cars. Some of the kangaroos even started to follow Ayla's parents' car back to their house. Maybe they smelled the special birthday cake.

When the kangaroos got to Ayla's house, Ayla opened the door of her car, and she asked her parents if they could help her carry in the birthday cake. One of the kangaroos saw the balloon, and it tried to hold it with its little kangaroo hands. But the kangaroo wasn't fast enough. Ayla's mom held the special balloon, and they brought it inside the house. And Ayla told her mom that they should let one of the baby kangaroos also go in her house. And Ayla's mom said okay.

Well, when they got in the house, Ayla's parents said it was time for the birthday party. And so they started to light the candles on top of Ayla's special flower birthday cake that had the pink and blue frosting. And when they lit the candles, they could see that the candles were sparkly. And Ayla's parents started to sing Happy Birthday. And after they were done singing Happy Birthday, all of the kangaroos were jumping up and down. And Ayla decided she would blow out the sparkling candles.

When Ayla tried to blow out the sparkling candles, she could feel that she would also be able to make a wish. So as she was blowing out the sparkling candles, Ayla said, "My birthday wish is that I could control the wind." And then Ayla blew out the birthday candles, but she saw that it wasn't like regular air that was coming from her mouth. Ayla now had wind power, and if she blew just a little bit, she could make a big wind. And so all of the candles went out, and Ayla started to eat some of the yummy pink and blue frosting first. Her parents even let her eat a little bit of the frosting with her fingers just because it was her birthday.

All of the kangaroos were, like, knocking on the door because they wanted some of the cake, too. And Ayla went outside and she asked her parents if she could share the birthday cake with the kangaroos. And Ayla's parents said that they weren't sure if kangaroos were able to eat birthday cake. But the kangaroos were really silly. They didn't really want to eat the birthday cake. They kind of wanted to play around with the helium balloon. So Ayla took the balloon outside and she used her special wind power to huff and to puff. And she took a deep breath in and she went. And then as Ayla blew out, she saw that she was able to blow so far into the sky that she blew into the clouds. And she was able to start making the clouds turn around. And there was a storm that was coming.

And the storm didn't look like a regular storm because these were colorful clouds. And Ayla blew the clouds in the direction of her house. And suddenly sprinkles started to fall out of the clouds, and the sprinkles fell all over the kangaroo party. And kangaroos love sprinkles, especially rainbow sprinkles. So Ayla told the kangaroos that she would blow even more and she blew from far away a kind of black cloud. And the cloud got so close to the house. And then it started to rain some chocolate from that cloud.

And everyone who lived in Adelaide, Australia, was having such a fun time because it had never rained sprinkles and it had never rained chocolate ever before. Kangaroos, they don't like to eat chocolate, but they really love to play in chocolate. And so the kangaroos were jumping around and having so much fun in the chocolate. Soon all of the kids that lived in Ayla's neighborhood, they brought over spoons. One of the kids even brought a shovel and started to shovel up some of the chocolate and the sprinkles and put it in big buckets. And the kid told Ayla that he would sell the chocolate and then he would trade it in for so many more balloons. And Ayla told the kid that that was a really good idea while everyone was having so much fun.

And the whole town started to sing Happy Birthday to Ayla. And Ayla and her family lived happily ever after.