Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Leonidas and Diego. And Leonidas and Diego loved to play. One of their favorite things to do was to race around with ChuChu trains and cars. They would always try to see which was faster: a ChuChu train on a track or a car on a racetrack. But the car would have to pull something to see which was really faster because trains really carry a lot.

One day, as Leonidas and Diego were playing that game, they saw a butterfly float through their window. Now, this seemed pretty magical because butterflies can be on one side of a window or the other side of a window, but usually they can't float through a window. So it was Diego, who was three years old, who said, "Look, Leonidas, there is a butterfly that just floated through our window." And Leonidas went to get his mom and dad, and Leonidas's mom and dad saw the magic butterfly, and the magic butterfly started to go through walls. The magic butterfly was rainbow-colored and could go like in the middle of walls and fly.

Leonidas and Diego got some butterfly nets, and they started running around the house, trying to catch the magic butterfly. But whenever the magic butterfly got in their net, it could just go right through. The magic butterfly was hungry, so it went through the refrigerator door, into the refrigerator. They couldn't stop it no matter what they did. And so Leonidas and Diego were thinking with their parents, "What can we do to stop this magic butterfly from going through all our windows and all our walls and all our refrigerators and all our freezers and all our toys? And it could get through anything." Leonida's dad said, "Well, maybe titanium, because that's a very strong kind of metal. You could try to build a titanium net." And Diego said, "Okay." And Leonidas and Diego started to build a butterfly trap that was made out of a shiny, strong, heavy metal called titanium.

Just as they were doing that, they heard the sound of a race car going. Leonidas had never heard a race car right outside of his window. So he said, "Diego, what's that race car doing outside?" And they looked outside their window, and they saw a big black race car that looked like Batman's race car. And out of the race car came Batman. Batman was wearing a Bat cape and a Batman mask. He came out of his Batmobile race car and said, "Leonidas, Diego, did anything special happen to you guys?" And Leonidas and Diego said, "Yes. There was a magic butterfly that's flying around our house. And it went right through the windows. The butterfly can go through the walls, and the butterfly can go right in the refrigerator, and it could even go in the shower by itself. And it could do so many things." Batman said, "Okay, I know how to trap these kinds of butterflies and put them back in a magic kingdom." Leonida asked, "How are you going to do it, Batman?" Batman said, "All I have to do is say 'Batman magic.' And then if I say 'magic' at the end of it, then the whole house will turn into glue. And then the butterfly will go on the glue. And very gently, I'll take the butterfly off the glue, and then I'll bring it up to the magic kingdom."

But guess what ended up happening after Batman said the magic words? It didn't turn into glue. The whole house that Leonidas and Diego lived in turned into chocolate. Accidentally, everyone saw chocolate all around them. The walls were made of chocolate. The refrigerator was made of chocolate. The windows were made of a different kind of see-through chocolate. And do you know what happened? Everyone wanted to eat it. And even the butterfly wanted to eat some chocolate. So the butterfly couldn't even go through the chocolate. This was a magic butterfly that could go through windows and walls, not chocolate, because walls aren't made of chocolate.

And so while the butterfly was eating some of the chocolate, and there were you know where there was chocolate, even Bud, the sink was made of chocolate. There was a chocolate bathtub, their pajama drawer was made of chocolate. The water that came out was a special kind of watermelon juice, which was yummy. And there was a fountain, like they had a water fountain by their house. And instead of water coming out, chocolate came out of the water fountain. Melted chocolate came out? Yeah, melted chocolate came out. It was really special.

But anyway, Batman was able to get the magical butterfly, and the magical butterfly started to talk. And it said, "Leonidas, Diego, I'm sorry that I had to fly through so many walls and glass. I just wanted to come visit. Thanks for all the chocolate." And Leonidos and Diego told the magic butterfly that it was okay, but then they wouldn't have a house because everyone was eating it.

Yes, but then Leonidas and Diego were worried, "Well, what's going to happen to the house because it's chocolate and everyone's going to want to eat the house?" And so they heard a ding-dong at the front door. And Leonidas opened the front door. And do you know what he saw? He saw a construction chef. Now, a regular chef is somebody who makes food. And a regular construction worker is somebody who builds things. Well, this was called a construction chef. And his specialty, he said, when he opened the door, he said that he could cook a whole house. He could make a house out of food. And you can choose if you wanted like a cake house, or if you wanted to have a cookie house, or if you wanted to have a house that is made out of lollipops. Like different people want different kinds of houses. And this construction chef was in charge of building houses out of the right kinds of candy that are sturdy.

So the construction chef ended up baking a whole house out of cake. And then he put like wood and cement on the outside so that it wouldn't fall down. And people would think it's a regular house. But the secret in Leonida San Diego's house is that the inside of the whole house was made of yummy treats. The kids that went in would eat it, and the kids that went in didn't know. And Leonida San Diego always kept that a secret that inside their house, there were so many yummy treats, and it didn't get old or spoil. It always stayed yummy. And so Leonidas and Diego lived happily ever after. The end.