Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime womb is hi, my name is Narnitas, and I'm five years old, and my brother is named Diego, and he's three years old. And I will want a story about fire I mean, Batman, race car, and a chef. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story request comes from a five year old boy named Leonidas and his three year old brother Diego, who live in Greece. And Leonidas and Diego asked for us to make up a story that includes Batman, a race car, and a chef, which is somebody who cooks. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Leonidas and Diego. And Leonidas and Diego loved to play. One of their favorite things to do was to race around ChuChu trains and cars. And they would always try to see which is faster a ChuChu train on a track or a car on a racetrack. But the car would have to pull something to see which is really faster, because trains really carry a lot. One day, as Leonidas and Diego were playing that game, they saw a butterfly float through their window. Now, this seemed pretty magical, because butterflies can be on one side of a window or the other side of a window, but usually they can't float through a window. So it was Diego who was three years old. Diego said, look, Leonidas, there is a butterfly that just floated through our window. And Leonidas went to get his mom and dad, and Leonidas's mom and dad saw the magic butterfly, and the magic butterfly started to go through walls. And the magic butterfly, it could just fly right through walls. And the magic butterfly was rainbow colored, could go, like, in middle of walls and fly. Yeah, the magic butterfly was able to go in middle of the walls and fly. And Leonidas and Diego got some butterfly nets, and they started running around the house, able to get right through the net. Yes, they started running around their house. Leonido San Diego started running around their house with their butterfly nets, trying to catch the magic butterfly. But whenever the magic butterfly got in their net, it could just go right through. And the magic butterfly was hungry, so he went through the refrigerator door, into the refrigerator. How are they able to stop him? They couldn't stop him no matter what they did. And so Leonidas and Diego were thinking with their parents, what can we do to stop this magic butterfly from going through all our windows and all our walls and all our refrigerators and all our freezers and all our toys? And it could get through anything. And Leonida's dad said, well, maybe titanium, because that's a very strong kind of metal. You could try to build a titanium net. And Diego said, okay. And Leonidas and Diego started to build a butterfly trap that was made out of a shiny, strong, heavy metal called titanium. And just as they were doing that, they heard the sound of a race car going. And Leonidas had never heard a race car right outside of his window. So he said, Diego, what's that race car doing outside? And they looked outside their window, and they saw a big black race car that looked like Batman's race car. And out of the race car came Batman. Is he trying to catch the butterfly? And Batman was wearing a Bat cape and a Batman mask. And he came out of his Batmobile race car, and he said, Leonidas, Diego, did anything special happen to you guys? And Leonidas. And Diego said yes. There was a magic butterfly that's flying around our house. And it went right through the windows. And the butterfly can go through the walls, and the butterfly can go right in the refrigerator, and it could even go in the shower by itself. And it could do so many things. And Batman said, okay, I know how to trap these kinds of butterflies and put them back in a magic kingdom. And Leonida said, how are you going to do it, Batman? And Batman said, all I have to do is say Batman magic. And then if I say magic at the end of it, then the whole house will turn into glue. And then the butterfly will go on the glue. And very gently, I'll take the butterfly off the glue, and then I'll bring it up to the magic kingdom. How will they get it not get stuck in glue? Well, so that's what Batman was really good at, being delicate, making sure that it wasn't stuck in glue. And so Batman said, nina. Nina. Nina. And the glue. That's a good question. And the way that Batman made sure that visitors to the house and the kids wouldn't get stuck is it was a special kind of glue that didn't stick to people. How like a hurricane or something? Yeah, something like that might do it. But guess what ended up happening after Batman said no magic. It didn't turn into glue. The whole house that Leonidas and Diego lived in turned into chocolate. It didn't work. The magic, instead of the house turning in accidentally, everyone got attracted onto chocolate. Yes, accidentally. Everyone saw chocolate all around them. And the walls were made of chocolate. And the refrigerator was made of chocolate. And the windows were made of a different kind of see through chocolate. And do you know what happened? Including even the parents ate some. What happened was everyone wanted to eat it. And even the butterfly wanted to eat some chocolate. So the butterfly couldn't even go through the chocolate. This was a magic butterfly that could go through windows and walls, not chocolate, because walls aren't made of chocolate. And so while the butterfly was eating some of the chocolate, and there were you know where there was chocolate, even Bud, the sink was made of chocolate. There was a chocolate bathtub their pajama drawer was made of chocolate. The water that came out, was it orange juice or was it real water? It was a special kind of watermelon juice, which was yummy. And there was a fountain, like they had a water fountain by their house. And instead of water coming out, chocolate came out of the water fountain. Melted chocolate came out? Yeah, melted chocolate came out. It was really special. But anyway, Batman was able to get the magical butterfly, and the magical butterfly started to talk. And it said, Leonidas, Diego, I'm sorry that I had to fly through so many walls and glass. I just wanted to come visit. Thanks for all the chocolate. And Leonidos and Diego told the magic butterfly that it was okay, but then they wouldn't have a house because everyone was eating it. Yes, but then Leonidas and Diego were worried, well, what's going to happen to the house because it's chocolate and everyone's going to want to eat the house. And so they heard a ding dong at the front door. And Leonidas opened the front door. And do you know what he saw? What? He saw a construction chef. Now, a regular chef is somebody who makes food. And a regular construction worker is somebody who builds things. Well, this was called a construction chef. And his specialty, he said, when he opened the door, he said that he could cook a whole house. He could make a house out of food. And you can choose if you wanted like a cake house, or if you wanted to have a cookie house, or if you wanted to have a house that is made out of lollipops. Like different people want different kinds of houses. And this construction chef was in charge of building houses out of the right kinds of candy that are sturdy. So chocolate is not so sturdy. And people would eat the whole thing anyway. A kind of candy that they have to lick. Yeah, like a kind of candy that they have to and so the construction person ended up a construction chef. He ended up baking a whole house out of cake. And then he put like wood and cement on the outside so that it wouldn't fall down. And people would think it's a regular house. But the secret, it would be yummy. Yeah, but the secret in Leonida San Diego's house is that the inside of the whole house was made of yummy treats. The kids that went in would eat it, and the kids that went in didn't know. And Leonida San Diego always kept that a secret that inside their house, there were so many yummy treats, and it didn't get old or spoil. It always stayed yummy. And so Leonidas and Diego lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to listen to makeup. It because they like it.