Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Grayson. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Tonight's Makeup Story is about a young boy who is a king, and his name was King Jonah. And King Jonah lived in a kingdom where houses floated on balloons, where kids drove Power Wheels through the streets and grownups couldn't drive, and grownups had to sit in grownup seats in the back of the Power Wheels. And in King Jonah's kingdom, there were also rainbows that could come out of white fire hydrants, and there were unicorns, and there was a mountain that was hollowed out and turned into a big candy factory. Jonah's kingdom was full of wonderful surprises. Sometimes butterflies would come down from the sky and pick kids up to take them for a fun ride. There was a forest with the troll bridge in King Jonah's kingdom, and there were a lot of special things. But one day, as King Jonah was walking around his kingdom, right next to some stores which sold different kinds of candy that were made in the mountain, jonah was looking at one of the pieces of candy, which was a kind of cotton candy that tasted a little bit like chocolate also. And when you licked the cotton candy or tried to bite it, it turned into ice cream in your mouth. And King Jonah was looking at it. It was right across the street from him on the sidewalk. And King Jonah looked up at the sky and he saw that the sun was starting to shake. He looked around him, and nothing in his kingdom was shaking. And that's when a wizard came over to Jonah, and the wizard said, King Jonah, King Jonah, there's an emergency. And King Jonah said, what's the emergency? And the wizard said he had lived for 10,000 years, and that in the 10,000 years that the wizard had lived, this happened only once before. At that time, it was King Jonah's great great grandpa who was the king. And what happened then, the wizard said, was the sky started to shake. It was a sky quake. And the wizard told King Jonah that there was a skyquake happening again. Skyquakes are like earthquakes, but when earthquakes shake, it's the land that shakes. When there's a sky quake, it's the sky that shakes. And King Jonah looked up at the sky, and it was kind of dark outside, and very quickly the sun was setting and a lot of colors were in the sky, pretty sunset colors. And soon the sky was dark, and there were all of the stars that you could regularly see, but the stars were shaking all over, and the moon was also wobbling back and forth. The moon seemed like a big soccer ball that was getting closer and then going farther away, and you couldn't tell who was really kicking it. And the wizard said this doesn't usually happen, and that it must have had to do with something that happened in the forest with one of the beanstalks that were growing all the way up to the sky. The wizard said that maybe the beanstalk got so high in the sky that it went to outer space, to the edge of the universe, and it started to tickle everything. And that is why the sky started to shake. And king jonah asked if things would fall because he didn't want the moon to fall on his kingdom. That would be really, really not good, because if the moon fell, it would crush all of the castles, and the people would have to live in caves underground. The caves were kind of good caves because they were glow in the dark. But still, it would be much nicer to live in castles and in floating houses and not have the moon fall down during the sky quake. Jonah asked the wizard what he can do. And the wizard told king jonah that he had to go back to the castle, and if he looked in the castle on the bottom floor after going down some stairs, the wizard told king jonah there was a secret maze. So king jonah rushed back to his castle with all of his royal guards following him. And king jonah opened the door to his castle, and he went inside. And all of the people who were following king jonah watched as king jonah, wearing his special king's crown and his cape, went down the stairs to the basement of the castle. When king jonah got to the basement of the castle, king jonah saw that there was a painting, and the painting was of a candy mountain. King jonah had seen this painting before. He used to show it to other kings when they would come to visit and to queens and princesses when they would come visit as well. And everyone loved the painting of the candy mountain. Well, this time, king jonah knew a secret. He had an idea that maybe what the wizard was saying is that behind that picture of the candy mountain, there was a secret maze. And at the end of the secret maze, there might be a key or a treasure or something that could get the sky to stop, to shake. And king jonah first tried to push aside the picture of the candy mountain, but at first it wouldn't move. It was too heavy. And then king jonah told everyone to watch him. And king jonah looked around the frame of the painting, and he saw that on the bottom there was a little gold button. He pressed the gold button, and suddenly the picture of the candy mountain disappeared. There was a little smoke as it went, but it wasn't really clear where it went to. And the wizard told king jonah that it was probably part of the magic. And king jonah told all of the people to follow him as he went through the tunnel that was behind the picture. Of the candy mountain. And King Jonah crawled through the tunnel until he got to a big field underground where there was a little waterfall that had some of the grape juice that must have rained out of a cloud. And King Jonah saw that there were birds in this underground place and that the birds were tweeting nice songs. And King Jonah also saw that there were lots of kitty cats that secretly lived there. And even though King Jonah lived on top of this in the regular part of the castle, he never knew about this secret part before. So King Jonah showed all of his friends, and then he saw that right behind the waterfall was the secret maze. King Jonah told everyone that he would have to go by himself but that they should stay and watch, and that if he didn't come back in two minutes, they should go in to check. And King Jonah went into the maze, and when he got into the maze, there was kind of a swing that pulled him up, and King Jonah was standing on the swing, and it was going back and forth. And then at the right moment, king Jonah jumped into a pile of sand. When he got into the pile of sand, he saw that he would need to do a somersault to get off the other side, and he did a somersault and slid down the rest of the pile on the other side. And when King Jonah got to the other side of the big sand pile, king Jonah found a treasure box. The treasure box didn't look like a regular treasure box because the treasure box had kind of a unicorn horn that was coming out of the middle of the treasure box, and it didn't have any hole for a key. But King Jonah had an idea. King Jonah took out the treasure box, and he went back through the maze. And everyone who saw King Jonah holding the treasure box was cheering and saying, Yay. Yay. And King Jonah told them he had an idea. And everyone followed King Jonah as he went out of the castle. And when he got to the garden outside of the castle, king Jonah whistled for a unicorn to come, and a unicorn started flying out of the air next to some butterflies, and the unicorn came, and King Jonah showed the unicorn the treasure box and that the treasure box had a unicorn horn. And the unicorn told King Jonah that he knew what to do. The unicorn then stood up on its back two legs, and the unicorn got really high in the air. And then slowly the unicorn put its legs down right on top of the treasure box, and there were secret compartments that fit just unicorn feet. And the unicorn put its little hooves down, and it opened the treasure box. The treasure box then started glowing, and the sky was still shaking, and in the treasure box, there was an on and off switch. And King Jonah saw that he needed to turn the switch off to get the sky to stop shaking because a magician far away might have made that switch turn on, which started the sky quake. So King Jonah flipped the switch off and suddenly the moon stayed still, the stars went back into place, and the sun started rising to a new day in King Jonah's kingdom. And King Jonah and everyone who lived in his kingdom lived happily ever after. The end.