Once upon a time, there was a five-year-old boy named Pierre. Pierre loved to play with things and try to invent new things. His favorite food was whipped cream because it was very yummy, and lots of kids loved to have whipped cream. One day, Pierre was playing with a toy motorcycle, and he realized that he could make it go without a motor. Pierre's mom said, "Pierre, I don't think you can make a motorcycle go without a motor because motorcycles really do need motors." Pierre said, "No, look, I'll attach the whipped cream bottle to the motorcycle, and then whenever you press down the white button at the end of the whipped cream bottle, whipped cream will come out, and that's what will make the motorcycle go." Pierre tried to do it, but one bottle of whipped cream was not strong enough to make the motorcycle go.

So Pierre told his mom they needed to go to the supermarket to get lots of bottles of whipped cream. Pierre and his mom went to the supermarket, and they found the section that had whipped cream, and there were nine different bottles of whipped cream. Pierre told his mom it was important for them to buy all of the whipped cream in the whole store and bring it home and then attach it to the motorcycle that he built because, with nine bottles of whipped cream, that would be enough force to make a toy motorcycle go. Pierre's mom said, "That's a good idea." So they bought all the whipped cream in the whole store. Then no one else could have it. They told the owner of the store that they would need to order more whipped cream in the store in case other boys and girls wanted to buy whipped cream, too. The owner of the store said, "Okay."

Pierre and his mom brought all the whipped cream home, and they attached it using tape to the toy motorcycle. They used some string and a switch. If you switched the switch, it pushed on the string, and it made the ends of the bottles of whipped cream shoot out whipped cream. That made the motorcycle go. And guess what? This time, it worked because there were so many bottles of whipped cream attached to the motorcycle. Pierre's whipped cream motorcycle started to go, and he decided to make it go outside on the sidewalk. He brought it outside on the sidewalk, and just as he did that, all of the kids from the whole city of Oakland started to see that there was a big, big pile of whipped cream. Wherever the motorcycle went, there was so much whipped cream. All of the kids started running after Pierre's motorcycle and saying, "We want whipped cream! We want whipped cream!" They didn't even have spoons. They used their hands to pick some up and then started eating the whipped cream with their hands. They just got it in their hands and yum, yum, yum did. All of the kids were so happy with Pierre.

One of the grown-ups said, "Pierre, this whipped cream motorcycle is a really good invention. We really think that you guys should go camping and show it to people across the country." Pierre said, "Okay, but we're going to need a trailer." Luckily for Pierre, Pierre's dad had a trailer. Pierre's dad told Pierre that they could use the trailer. But Pierre looked inside the trailer, and there was no room for a motorcycle. So Pierre told his parents that they would have to attach the motorcycle to the top of the trailer, and they would attach the trailer to a pickup truck, and then they could go like that. He also told his parents because many kids would want to watch how the whipped cream motorcycle worked; they needed to put toys in the trailer. Pierre told his parents they needed to go to a toy store. They went to a toy store, and they bought so many toys and put all the toys in the trailer so that whenever a kid would see Pierre's motorcycle, they could also have a toy. That way, all the kids in the whole world would love Pierre.

Well, off they went on their trip with so many toys, including toy cars, toy trucks, toy fire trucks, toy Lightning McQueens, dolls, and so many things and unicorns. They even had a machine that gave out chocolate. Pierre and his parents brought their sleeping bags and tents, and they started to go, and they were driving and driving until they got to a different city called San Francisco. San Francisco was on the other side of a bridge. When they got to San Francisco, it was a different bridge called the Bay Bridge, but it was near the Golden Gate Bridge. When they got to San Francisco, so many kids were waiting for them. All of the kids who were waiting for Pierre said, "Look, there's a motorcycle on top of the trailer." Pierre told his parents it was time to take the motorcycle down. They took the motorcycle down from the top of the trailer, and all the kids said, "We want to see how it works! We want to see how it works!" But just as the kids said that, there was a fire. The fire was in an ice cream store. That is not a good place for a fire because nobody wants all the ice cream to melt. When fire is near ice cream, it makes the ice cream melt.

Well, the fire was getting big, and everyone had to run out of the ice cream store, including the person who served the ice cream when, luckily, some fire ninjas came. Now, fire ninjas are kind of like firemen, but they're much faster than firemen, and they're sneakier. They're hard to see. So if kids want to find fire ninjas, they have to use binoculars. Kids should look at fire trucks very carefully when they pass by to see if there are some fire ninjas riding on the fire truck to help put out the fire. The fire ninjas came to help, and they said, "We'll put out the fire super fast." They tried to get some hoses to put out the fire, and there wasn't enough water. Then another kid said, "Well, you should also just attach a hose to the top of a shower, and then you should connect it to your hose and put out the fire that way." They tried to do it, and guess what? It still didn't put out the fire.

Pierre had an idea. Pierre said, "I have an idea. Fire ninjas, let's use the whipped cream motorcycle." He turned on his whipped cream motorcycle and drove right by the ice cream store and pressed all the buttons, and so much whipped cream came out, and the whipped cream came all over the fire. It went all over the fire, and the fire went out, and there was a big puddle on the bottom of the store of melted ice cream and whipped cream. All of the kids went straight to the store, and the fire ninja said, "Wait, it's not safe over here. There was just a fire." Pierre said, "Kids, I know you really want to eat up that whipped cream, but I'll just do more with my motorcycle, and I'll make a big pile away from there, and then you can have it from the big pile." All the kids said, "Hip, hip, hooray!" They started to eat the whipped cream from the big pile. All the kids also wanted to check out and go inside Pierre's trailer because they loved the toys, and they also loved the machine that made chocolate.

Well, Pierre gave one of the toys to each kid. Pierre was so good at sharing all the toys because he had so many. So, Pierre, even after he shared them, still had a lot of toys. Pierre's parents told him it was getting late. He looked at the sky and saw it was kind of orange, and the sun was setting. His parents said, "Alright, time to go back over the bridge to Oakland." They went back over the bridge and went to Oakland. Pierre went to sleep that night and had a very good dream. He realized that he was the hero who saved the day. Pierre and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to Make Up because they will like it.