Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a princess whose name was Bella. Bella lived in a kingdom where there was no dirt because all of the dirt was made of gold, and all of the stones in the kingdom were made of diamond. There were no regular houses in this kingdom. All there were were castles. And because Princess Bella and her parents were in charge of the kingdom, they lived in the largest castle of all. It was a pink castle. And the pink castle had a flower flag on top. And inside the pink castle, there was a merry-go-round and a carousel. Princess Bella had the coolest room in the world because there were secret tunnels in her room. And you could open a door under Bella's bed to hide in a place that was just for kids and no grownups allowed. Bella loved her special castle. It was such a nice pink castle. And she looked up at the sky one day, and she looked at the beautiful blue sky when suddenly she saw that there were some black clouds that were rolling in from the side of the sky. These looked like big clouds. They didn't even look like regular storm clouds because regular storm clouds are gray. Soon, the black clouds were all over the top of the kingdom. Bella told all of the people who lived in the kingdom that they needed to use their umbrellas. And all of the kids who had special umbrellas used their special umbrellas. Bella had a watermelon umbrella. It was really special because she was the princess. But soon it started to rain, and the black clouds in the kingdom made it rain black rain. The black rain got Bella's pink castle so dirty; it stopped being pink. And now it was a black castle. The black rain fell all over the gold and made the gold black. It fell all over the diamonds in the kingdom and made them dirty. It fell all over the flowers, and the flowers didn't look so pretty anymore. So Bella told all of the kids to go inside because it was an emergency. And she rushed right back into her castle, and she folded up her watermelon umbrella, and she went to get her parents. Bella told her mom about the black rain. And her mom said that she thought Bella was tricking because rain is never black. But Bella asked her mom to hold her hand. And Bella led her mom to the window of their castle. And Bella's mom saw that it really was raining black rain. The black rain was a real problem because as the Black rain fell, Bella's pink castle was getting smaller. The black rain was a kind of rain that started to melt things. And some of the gold that got covered by the Black Rain started to get smaller. Some of the diamonds that used to be rocks had gotten so small; they were like as small as an ant. And that's not a fun kind of diamond. So Bella asked her mom what they should do. And Bella's mom asked Bella if she knew about any secret passages in her castle. Bella knew about the secret passageway under her bed, but she also thought that was just for kids, so she wasn't supposed to tell her mom. But Bella's mom said it was important. So Bella led her mom into her bedroom and showed her the secret passageway just for kids that was under her bed. When they got through the secret passageway, Bella saw that there was a new visitor that was hiding in the fort. It was a pillow fort, and there were lots of blankets on top. But the new thing that was there was a black kitty cat. When the black kitty cat saw Bella first, it tried to hide. It hid on the other side of the fort, where it was hard for Bella to see. And Bella's mom had trouble fitting into this because the fort was just for kids. But Bella told her mom that she should get some special kind of kitty treats to convince the black cat to go out of the fort through the passageway into Bella's bedroom. And she told her mom to do it fast because the castle that she lived in was still melting. Well, Bella's mom got the yummiest kinds of kitty treats, and she said and the kitty followed Bella's mom. And Bella followed the kitty out of the secret passageway under Bella's bed into her room. The kitty had a kind of twinkle in its eye. When the kitty looked at Bella, Bella could tell that it had person eyes. And the kitty said meow. And Bella told her mom that she thought that because it was a black kitty and because its eyes looked kind of special, maybe the kitty knew why there was black rain coming down from those big storm clouds. So Bella said, Kitty, can you help us? And Bella's mom also said, kitty cat, it's an emergency because the whole kingdom is getting so dirty. And the gold is going away and the diamond is getting so small. And all of the flowers are getting dirty. And the pink castle that we live in is getting so small. Soon it will be the size of an igloo. And the kitty cat looked like it kind of understood, even though Bella and her mom were talking in person language. The kitty started to meow, and that's when Bella realized that the kitty cat was thirsty. So she told her mom to get the kitty cat milk. Well, Bella's mom had some milk in the refrigerator that she saved up for breakfast and cereal. And Bella's mom poured some of the milk in a bowl, and the kitty looked at the bowl, and the kitty started walking over to the bowl, and it smelled the milk. And when the kitty smelled the milk, it thought it was yummy. The kitty started licking the milk. And just as the kitty started to lick the milk and drink it all up, Bella could see that outside, the clouds were turning into a white kind of color, and it wasn't raining that black stuff anymore. It was raining milk. So that gave Bella an idea. Bella told her mom that if they wanted it to just rain regular water, that she should pour a bowl of water and give it to the kitty cat. Because when the kitty cat drank milk, that's when it started raining milk. So Bella's mom poured some water into a bowl, and she gave the kitty cat some of the water. When the kitty cat started to drink the water, it started to rain regular rain. Bella looked out the window, and she could see that the regular rain that was dripping down was cleaning off all of the gold, and it was making the diamonds bigger again. And the flowers were starting to be pretty again and starting to grow. And Bella even saw that her pink castle was getting big again. There was enough space for the merry go round. There were so many things that were starting to be special again. So Bella wanted to know what happened, and she asked the kitty cat what happened. And then she got a clue. She saw that the kitty cat had a little bit of black juice on it, and that's when she realized what happened was the kitty cat drank something black. And because it was a magic kitty cat, that's what caused the storm. Now, Bella had a way of making it regular rain again, and soon it was sunshine. And everyone in her kingdom was so happy that she saved the day. Bella told the kids that they could still use their umbrellas because it was just going to be regular rain from now on. And Bella kept the kitty cat as a special pet, and Bella and her family lived happily ever after. The end.