Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Emilio. Emilio went to preschool every day and played with his friends. Sometimes, some friends were a little mean, but most of the time, they were nice. One day, Emilio arrived at preschool, and his teacher wasn't there. Instead, there was a substitute teacher named Miss Magic Mermaid Marie. She had such long hair that it went all the way down her back, all the way to her feet. Miss Magic Mermaid Marie told the kids that the next day would be a pajama adventure day. All the kids told their parents that night, so they had to dress in pajamas for school the next day.

That night, Emilio's mama dressed him in pajamas and didn't change him in the morning. So Emilio stayed in his pajamas and went to school with all his friends from the Elms, his preschool class. When he got to school, all his friends were wearing pajamas too. Miss Magic Mermaid Marie, the teacher with the long, long hair, showed them a school bus and said they were going on an adventure. Luckily, Emilio and his friends had packed snacks for the day. They went single file up the stairs of the bus and found seats. This school bus was interesting because it had a special empty space in the back called the seatbelt dance party section. In the back, there were chairs that could turn around, and kids could ride on them while still strapped into the seatbelt, so it was safe. They took turns going on the Magic Turning Chair ride in the back of the school bus.

Emilio looked outside and saw they had gone on some highways and were pulling up next to a grass field with a big sign that said Magic Amusement Park. Miss Magic Mermaid Marie told Emilio and his friends that they had arrived at an amusement park. Some friends didn't know what an amusement park was, so she explained that they were about to have a lot of fun.

The kids got off the bus and started to explore the amusement park. Emilio was the first to see the merry-go-round with little animals attached to it. It went around in circles and sang songs. One of Emilio's friends, Nancy, found climbing courses with ropes, easy sections, medium sections, and hard sections. Emilio also saw a big swing ride with straps, so you couldn't fall off. It went really high up and really down low. There was also a Ferris wheel in the amusement park. Emilio looked at the Ferris wheel, and one of his friends pointed at it with him. They saw a giant wheel in the sky with seats attached to it. People could sit in the Ferris wheel seats, and it would turn around, going higher and higher until it reached the top. Then it started going down slowly, so it wasn't scary. Emilio also saw cotton candy and bumper cars and go-carts, which were special cars that kids could ride in. They didn't go too fast, so there was no need to worry about getting hurt. Bumper cars had big rubber bumpers to make sure it didn't hurt if you crashed.

Emilio was so excited about the magical amusement park, and all his friends said, "Hip, hip, hooray!" They thanked Miss Magic Mermaid Marie. She suggested they have a snack before going on the rides. Emilio thought that was a good idea because he was thirsty. All the kids, still in their pajamas, sat down at picnic benches and took out the snacks their parents had packed for them. They started eating when Miss Magic Mermaid Marie said it was okay. She flipped her hair, and it looked really silly since she had so much hair.

As they ate snacks, Emilio noticed something funny on the main street in the amusement park. Cars had toilet paper instead of regular wheels, and they left a trail of colorful toilet paper wherever they went. A kitty cat played with the toilet paper, making a big mess on the street. Emilio and his friends were having their snack when a wizard appeared. He said, "My name is Superhero McWizard, and I have a special magic trick for you." Emilio and his friends asked to see the trick. The wizard told them to look the other way, and then he said a magic spell. When the kids turned back around, they saw eyes on the toilet paper. Emilio checked and found they were just pretend googly eyes glued onto the toilet paper. He told his friends, and they all thought it was silly. They continued eating their snacks when the wizard said, "Poof!" and turned all their snacks into chocolate chip cookies. The kids thought it was funny and ate the cookies, never knowing how the wizard did the trick.

Later that day, after going on some rides, Miss Magic Mermaid Marie took them back on the bus home. They told their parents what a fun time they had on the adventure to the magical amusement park. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to this story because they'll like it.