Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Emilio. And Emilio used to go to his preschool every day and he would play with his friends. Sometimes, some of his friends were a little bit mean, but most of the times the friends were nice. One day when Emilio got to his preschool, his teacher wasn't there. And there was a substitute teacher whose name was Miss Magic Mermaid Marie. The substitute teacher was a girl and she had such long hair that it went all the way down her back, all the way down to her feet. And Miss Magic Mermaid Marie told the kids that the next day would be a pajama adventure day. And all of the kids told their parents that night that they had to dress them in pajamas for school tomorrow.

That night, Emilio's mama dressed him in pajamas and didn't take him out of the pajamas in the morning. So Emilio stayed in his pajamas and went to school the next day with all of his friends from the Elms. That's the preschool class. And when he got to school, all of his friends were wearing pajamas too. And the teacher with the long, long hair named Miss Magic Mermaid Marie showed them that there was a school bus and she said that they're going to go on an adventure in the school bus. Luckily for Emilio, he and all of his friends had packed some snacks for the day. And when Emilio got onto the school bus, they went single file up the stairs and they all found seats. They thought that this was an interesting school bus because it had a special empty space in the back that was called the seatbelt dance party section. And in the back of the school bus, there were chairs that could turn around and around and that you could go on rides on, but you were still strapped into the seatbelt so it couldn't move and it was still safe. And kids would take turns while they were on the school bus going on the Magic Turning Chair ride in the back of the school bus.

Well, they looked outside and Emilio saw that they had gone on some highways and they were pulling up next to a grass field to a big sign that said Magic Amusement Park. And Emilio's teacher, Miss Magic Mermaid Marie, told Emilio and all of his friends that they just arrived at an amusement park. Some of Emilio's friends didn't know what an amusement park was. So Miss Magic Mermaid Marie told the kids that they were about to have a lot of fun.

The kids got out of the bus and they started to walk around the amusement park. Emilia was the first one to see the merry-go-round. There was such a fun merry-go-round that had little animals attached to it that you could go on, and it went around in circles and sang songs. Well, one of Emilio's friends, named Nancy, also found climbing courses where there are ropes and kids could climb up, and there were easy sections, and there were medium sections, and there were hard sections. And Emilio also saw that there was a big swing ride, and the swing had straps in it so you couldn't fall off. And it went really high up and really down low. And there was also a Ferris wheel in this amusement park. Emilia looked at the Ferris wheel, and one of his friends pointed at it with him. And what they saw was this giant, giant wheel in the sky that had seats attached to it. And people could sit in the Ferris wheel seats and the Ferris wheel would turn around and the seats would go higher, higher up into the sky until it got to the top of the Ferris wheel. And then it started going down slowly so that it wasn't scary. And Emilio also saw that in this amusement park they had some cotton candy, which is a yummy kind of thing that kids like to eat. And the most exciting thing was that there were bumper cars and go-carts. Those are special kinds of cars that kids could go in and that they could get rides in. And it doesn't go so fast, so you don't have to worry about a boo-boo. And bumper cars have big rubber around them in the bumpers to make sure that it doesn't hurt if you get into a crash.

So Emilio was so excited about the magical amusement park, and all of Emilio's friends said, "Hip, hip hooray." And they thanked their substitute teacher, Miss Magic Mermaid Marie. Well, Miss Magic Mermaid Marie told them that they should probably have a snack right before they started to go on all of the amusement park rides. And Emilio thought that was a good idea because he was kind of thirsty. And so all of Emilio's friends, the Elms, started to sit down around some picnic benches, and they all took out their snacks that their mama had packed for them and also their daddy. And they took it out of their backpacks. And all of the kids were still wearing pajamas because that was the rule for today, that it was a pajama amusement park day. And the kids took out their snacks and they started to eat it when Miss Magic Mermaid Marie said it was okay. And she flipped her hair, and it looked really silly since she had so much hair.

As they were eating snacks, Amelia noticed something funny going through the main street in the amusement park. The cars on this street looked like cars, but instead of having regular car wheels, they had toilet paper on the bottom where the wheels were supposed to be. And toilet paper is round. And so the car was able to go just like a regular car. But wherever it would go, it would leave some toilet paper in its trail because the wheels, which were toilet paper wheels, would turn around and some toilet paper would make a big mess on the street. And the cars would go down the street and Emilio was watching them as they made so much toilet paper go all over the street. It wasn't regular white toilet paper that you see sometimes in your bathroom at home or in your parents' bathroom. This kind of toilet paper was colorful. And so the cars had colorful toilet paper wheels that went all over the street and made a big mess. And there was a kitty cat that liked the toilet paper because sometimes kitty cats like to play with toilet paper and paper towels and paper. And the kitty cat was making a big mess and scratching all of the toilet paper with his paws right in the street just as Emilio and his friends were having their snack.

And suddenly a wizard came up to their bench where Emilio and all of his friends were having their snacks. And the wizard said, "My name is Superhero McWizard, and I have a special magic trick that I can do for you." And Emilio and all of his friends said, "Show us. Show us. We want to see the magic trick." And as Emilio and his friends were sitting down on the picnic benches by the magic amusement park, the wizard Mikhiro decided to show them a trick. He said, "All of the kids have to look in the other direction." And all of the kids turned around and then the wizard said, "Magic. Magic. Abra cadabra avra KIDDA avra." And suddenly, just as he said that, he told the kids they could turn around. And all of the kids saw eyes on the toilet paper, which was on the street, which the kitty cat was playing with and making a mess. And Emilio said, "How did you do that? How are there eyes on the toilet paper?" And all of the kids told Emilio he should go check. And Emilio got permission from his special substitute teacher, Miss Magic Mermaid Marie. And she said that he could go on the street and he checked and really they were just pretend googly eyes that were glued onto the toilet paper. So Amelia went back to his friends and told them that it was just pretend eyes that were on the toilet paper. And all of his friends thought that was so silly. And then they started eating their snack again. And the wizard hero said, "Poof." And he turned all of their snacks into chocolate chip cookies. And the kids thought that was so funny and he said that they could eat them for real and the kids never did know how he did that trick but they ate their chocolate chip cookies and they thought it was so yummy.

And later that day, after they went on some rides, their substitute teacher Miss Magic Mermaid Marie took them back on the bus home and they told their parents what a fun time they had on this adventure to the magical amusement park. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to Makeup because they like it.