Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They took a trip to the local zoo in Wanuka. This zoo was really special because it was famous for having animals that could change shapes. There was a cat that could be a kitty cat, but you could press a button, and it would turn into a lion. There was a parrot where you could press a button, and it would turn into a penguin. There was also a cow where you could press a button, and the cow would just turn into a duck.

Jesse and Jonah entered the zoo and started to look around at the different animals. They saw that one of the cages was empty. They asked the zookeeper if they could go in the cage. Jonah and Jesse went in the cage, and when they went in the cage, there was another kid that was looking at them inside the cage. The kid saw that there was a button on the outside of the cage and pressed the button. Do you know what happened? Jesse and Jonah turned into a kind of animal called a dean.

Jesse and Jonah were in the cage, and because they were animals, they weren't able to talk. The dean is like half person, half animal, but they can't talk. Jesse and Jonah's parents were in the middle of getting some chicken nuggets and French fries for them for lunch, so they couldn't even do anything to help. Jesse and Jonah were trying to tell the kid on the other side that they were really people, but the kid who pressed the button had already run away because he was scared of Jesse and Jonah, the dean animals that were orange and looked kind of like monkeys.

Jesse tried to communicate with Jonah, but when he talked, it just sounded like gibberish. However, Jonah understood what Jesse was saying because it sounded a little bit like words. Jonah suggested they try to jump out of the cage, but they discovered that there was a net on top of the cage, and there was no way they could jump through the net. They tried to jump through the cage, but that didn't work either.

Jesse decided to try chomping through the cage. He started biting the cage and realized that he was able to bite right through the metal bars. He bit all the way through the metal bars, and Jesse and Jonah were able to escape. When they got out in the zoo, they were still orange, and they still looked like these kind of orange monkey things that were half person, half monkey. All of the other kids were kind of scared of them.

Jesse and Jonah ran to their dad, who had some chicken nuggets. Jesse grabbed the chicken nuggets because he was so hungry. His dad tried to grab back the chicken nuggets, but Jesse bit the chicken nugget so hard it broke in half, and he gobbled it right up. Jesse realized that he didn't just want to eat that; he also wanted to eat everything he could see. He could eat all sorts of different yummy food, and anything that he could see, he could eat because his teeth were so strong.

Jonah and Jesse didn't want to scare everyone. Some kids thought they were wearing costumes, but really they weren't. Jonah and Jesse were trying to tell their dad that he should go with them to the cage because they wanted to go back into the cage that they escaped from and have their dad press a button again so that they would turn back into people. But they couldn't speak regularly. They could only say things like gibberish, and they were trying to say, "Dad, we need you to go to the cage and press a button." But it didn't come out quite right.

Jesse and Jonah tried to tug their dad's arm, and their dad was tugging back. They had a kind of tug of war with their dad. Back and forth, back and forth. They decided to go to the gift shop of the zoo because, in the gift shop of the zoo, there was a bubble machine where if you pressed the button, then bubbles would come out of it. Whatever you said, it would understand. So the letters that you said would come into the bubbles, and then the bubbles would come out, like saying, "Press the button."

Jesse and Jonah went right into the gift shop, and they got the little bubble machine. The person who was in charge of the gift shop let them take it and didn't even make them pay any money. Jesse and Jonah realized that when they talked into the bubbles, if they said a word in a bubble, then the letters of that word would get trapped in the bubble. They said a lot of words to their dad, like, "Put me back." That meant the letters spelled out, "Put me back in the cage and press the button."

Jesse and Jonah's dad, Steve, was wondering where Jesse and Jonah were. When Jesse said, "Put me back in the cage" into the bubble machine, Steve immediately knew that's why he liked chicken nuggets so much because it really was Jesse. He held Jesse and Jonah's hand, even though they looked like monkeys and had orange fur, and he went all the way back to the cage with them. When he went to the cage, he pressed the button on the cage. When he pressed the button, Jesse and Jonah turned right back into regular people.

When they turned back into regular kids, they asked their dad why he didn't know it was them the whole time. Steve said that it was because they looked like that kind of animal, the dean, which is half person, half monkey with orange fur. Jesse and Jonah said they wanted to always have that power, that they could chomp anything, and their mouth would be so strong it could even bite through titanium, which is a really strong metal. But it was also fun for them to be regular kids.

They continued looking at the amazing zoo until they got so tired. Jesse and Jonah eventually went home and lived happily ever after. The end.