Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup Stories, and I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use. Bye. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Issa. Go to makeupstories.com if you want to be in the club. Okay, Jesse, what do you want tonight's Makeup Story to be about? The animal that's called a dean. And powers is that it can chomp through titanium, an animal that's called a dean. And its powers are that it could chomp through titanium. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse took a trip to the local zoo. And the zoo that was in Wanuka was a really special zoo because it was famous for having animals that could change shapes. There was a cat that could be a kitty cat, but you could press a button, and it would turn into a lion. And there was a parrot where you could press a button, and it would turn into a penguin. And there was also a cow where you could press a button, and the cow would just turn into a duck. And Jesse and Jonah entered the zoo, and they started to look around at the different animals, and they saw that one of the cages were empty. And so Jesse and Jonah asked the zookeeper if they could go in the cage. And Jonah and Jesse went in the cage. And when they went in the cage, there was another kid that was looking at them inside the cage. And the kid saw that there was a button on the outside of the cage. And the kid pressed the button. And do you know what happened? Jesse and Jonah turned into a kind of animal called a dean. And they looked furry, like Jesse, kind of like he turned into a dean. Looks a little bit like a monkey, but it's bigger than a monkey, and it has a kind of orange fur on it. And Jesse and Jonah were in the cage, and because they were animals, they weren't able to talk. It's half person, half animal. Yeah, dean is like half person, half animal, but they can't talk. And Jesse and Jonah's parents, well, they were in middle of getting some chicken nuggets and French fries for them for lunch, so they couldn't even do anything to help. And Jesse and Jonah were trying to tell the kid on the other side that they were really people, but the kid who pressed the button, he already ran away. Because he was scared of like Jesse and Jonah, the dean animals that were orange and looked kind of like monkeys. Well, Jesse said, Jonah, how could we get out? But when he talked, it just sounded like and Jonah, when Jesse said that, he understood what Jesse was saying because it sounded a little bit like words, but it wasn't really words. And Jonah said to Jesse, I jump out. And Jesse was like, oh, I think Jonah said maybe we should jump out. And so Jesse tried to jump and they saw that there was like a net on top of the cage and there was no way that they could jump through the net. They tried to jump through the cage. And that did work because one of they could jump. Yes. So Jesse, he didn't know what his powers were yet. And so he decided that he would try to chomp through the cage. And he started biting the cage. And he realized that he was able to bite right through the metal bars and he bit all the way through the metal bars. And Jesse and Jonah were able to escape. And when they got out in the zoo, they were still orange. And they still looked like these kind of orange monkey things that were half person, half monkey. And all of the other kids were kind of scared of them. And Jesse and Jonah ran to their dad, and their dad had some chicken nuggets. And Jesse grabbed the chicken nuggets because he was so hungry. And his dad tried to grab back the chicken nuggets. And Jesse, when he bit the chicken nuggets, he bit so hard, the chicken nugget broke in half and he gobbled it right up. And then Jesse realized that he didn't just want to eat that. He also wanted to eat everything he could see. He could eat all sorts of different yummy food. And anything that he could see, he could eat because his teeth were so strong. And Jonah and Jesse like they didn't want to scare everyone. And some kids thought they were wearing costumes, but really they weren't. And so Jonah and Jesse, they were trying to tell their dad that he should go with them to the cage because they wanted to go back into the cage that they escaped from and have their dad press a button again so that they would turn back into people. But they couldn't speak regular. They could only say things like prayer button and that they were trying to say, dad, we need you to go to the cage and press a button. But it didn't come out quite right. And so Jesse and Jonah, they tried to tug their dad's arm and their dad was tugging back. And they had a kind of tug of war with their dad. Back and forth, back and forth. And the monkey kind of thing is they had wings. So they decided to fly up to where Santa live and tell Santa what happened. And so Jesse was like, santa had a special microphone that changes your voice into a portion voice so he could then stand it. And so Jesse had an idea. He wanted to go all the way to the north pole and to ask Santa Claus to give a special kind of microphone that would let him talk just like a regular person. And then Santa could just mix magic and make them go in the cage, and then the dad presses the button. Yeah. And then his idea was, if Santa gave them a microphone that made them talk like a regular person, then Jesse could use that microphone to tell his dad to put him back in the cage and press the button, and then he could be a regular person again. But as Jesse and Jonah tried to fly to the north pole, they realized that their wings didn't even work because they were monkeys. And even though they had, like, teensy tiny wings because they could change shapes a little bit, their wings weren't strong enough to fly all the way to the north Pole. But luckily, they decided they would go to the gift shop of the zoo, because in the gift shop of the zoo, there was like a bubble machine where if you pressed the button, then bubbles would come out of it. Whatever you said, it would understand. So the letters that you said come into the bubbles, and then the bubbles come out, like saying, the world. Yeah. And so Jesse and Jonah went right into the gift shop, and they got the little bubble machine, and the person who is in charge of the gift shop let them take it and didn't even make them pay any money. And Jesse and Jonah realized that when they talked into the bubbles, like if they said a word in a bubble, then the letters of that word would get trapped in the bubble. And so they said a lot of words to their dad, like, put me back. And that meant the letters spelled out put me back in the cage and press the button. And Steve. Jesse and Jonah's. Dad was wondering where Jesse and Jonah was. And so when Jesse said, put me back in the cage into the bubble machine, steve immediately knew that's why he'd like chicken nuggets so much, because it really was Jesse. And he held Jesse and Jonah's hand, even though they looked like monkeys and they had orange kind of fur, and he went all the way back to the cage with them. And then when he went to the cage, he pressed the button on the cage. And when he pressed the button, jesse and Jonah turned right back into regular people. And when they turned back into regular kids, they were like, dad, why didn't you even know it was me the whole time? And Steve said that it was because they looked like that kind of animal, the dean, which is half person, half monkey with orange fur. And Jesse and Jonah, they said they wanted to always have that power, that they could chomp anything, and their mouth would be so strong, it could even bite through titanium, which is a really strong metal. But it was also fun for them to be regular kids. And so they continued looking at the amazing zoo until they got so tired. And then Jesse and Jonah eventually went home and lived happily ever after. The end. Thank you for listening to makeup stories. My name is Clyde. Go to Makeup stories.com to join the group. Tell your friends you close.