Once upon a time, a long time ago, Greta was having dinner with her mom and her dad. The dinner had some grapes and a special kind of bread that looked like an animal cracker. It was challah, and it was so, so yummy for Greta. But she was also getting tired, so she said, "Yawn, I think I'm ready for bed." Her mom read her a story that night, and then she went to bed.

While Greta was sleeping, she had a really nice dream. In the dream, Greta went back to the olden days before there were people, when dinosaurs roamed around Africa. One of the dinosaurs was a T-Rex, the biggest kind of dinosaur. Dinosaurs lived in big dinosaur houses because they were so big, they couldn't live in people-sized houses. They had to live in houses as big as skyscrapers and pyramids.

One day, there was a little baby dinosaur named Dinny. Dinny the dinosaur was such a little baby dinosaur, and he had a little dinosaur diaper with room for his dinosaur tail. Dinny's mama fed him with a dinosaur bottle, and he got dinosaur milk. He sometimes liked to eat applesauce and other yummy baby dinosaur food.

Well, Dinny the dinosaur looked up one day and saw a person named Greta. Greta said, "How did I even get here to the olden days with all the dinosaurs and Dinny dinosaurs?" Mama dinosaur said, "Don't worry, we're all nice dinosaurs, and you can watch what we do." Greta said, "Okay, but where's my mama?" She turned around and saw her mom, her dad, and some of her friends were also there with her.

The baby dinosaur, Denny, said, "Look up, Greta." Greta looked at the sky, and do you know what she saw? It was snowing in outer space! There was a snowstorm, but it wasn't on Earth. The snowstorm was in outer space. There were aliens in space making big snowballs and throwing them at other aliens. There were snowmen in outer space too, and one of them looked like a dinosaur. It was a dinosaur snowman in outer space!

There was so much snow in outer space that one of the aliens threw a big, big snowball towards Earth. It was such a big snowball that it was kind of like a meteor. It was frozen and icy. The aliens threw it right towards Earth. Dinny the dinosaur said, "Greta, Greta, look up!" Greta looked up and saw that a snowball was coming.

Just as she saw that, an elephant passed by. Greta said, "Elephant, elephant, can you help? There's a big snowball that's about to hit our planet, Earth." The elephant had a long trunk and said, "I know how to help." It blew up in its trunk and blew as hard as it could, and it blew so hard that the snowball stayed in the sky and didn't fall down to Earth. But the elephant said it couldn't blow for too long because eventually, it would run out of breath, and then the snowball would fall down.

So Denny the dinosaur said, "What we really need is a rocket ship so all of us could get off Earth, and the dinosaurs could be saved, and you could come in the rocket ship too." Greta and her friends and Greta's mom and dad looked around for equipment to build a rocket ship. They couldn't find any metal because it was the olden days, but they could find some redwood trees. They decided to hollow out a redwood tree, which means to empty the inside, and then they would use that.

Well, they didn't have an axe, so they had to make one. They found a piece of wood that looked like a long, solid stick. Then they attached a rock to the end, and the rock was shaped like the sharp part of an axe. They used that to build a rocket ship out of a big redwood tree. There was even a treehouse on the rocket ship. There was space for dinosaurs, space for Greta, and even space for the friendly elephant. But there was no rocket fuel and no way to power the rocket ship inside.

Luckily for them, a nice dragon named Dingy came by and said, "Oh, are you guys trying to make a rocket ship?" Greta said, "Yeah, we're trying to make a rocket ship, but we don't have any rocket fuel or any rocket engine." Dingy the dragon said, "I have an idea. I could just go in the bottom of the rocket ship and breathe out fire, and that will help the rocket ship blast off into outer space." Greta and Dinny the dinosaur decided that was a good idea. They weren't afraid of the dragon because Dingy was a very friendly dragon with feathers and was soft to pet. He was able to control which direction he breathed out fire.

They all decided they would go on the rocket ship. The elephant went on, Denny dinosaur went on, Denny's parents went on, and Greta went on. Greta decided to stay in the treehouse part of the rocket ship. Denny dinosaur, since he was a baby, stayed in the crib in the rocket ship. It was a dinosaur crib with little dinosaur toys in it for Denny the dinosaur. All of the dinosaurs and all of their friends went on the rocket ship.

Then Dingy the dragon said, "Okay, I'm ready to make the rocket ship go." Greta decided she'd be the one to count down. So she said, "Ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, blast off and lift off!" Dingy the dragon breathed out fire straight down, and they got closer to outer space where there was so much snow.

Do you know what happened? They realized that Dingy the dragon could just blow fire where the big snowball was that was going to crash into Earth. Then it would just turn into rain, and it would just start raining on Earth, which isn't a problem. So Dingy the dragon steered the rocket ship all the way next to the big snowball in outer space that was going to fall. Greta helped because there was a wheel in front of the rocket ship that you could turn. Greta was in charge. She was like the captain of the rocket ship, in charge of steering it.

Greta steered the rocket ship, and Dingy the dragon blew out fire on the snowball that was going to fall onto Earth. He melted it, and it became just like a cloud, and it started raining on Earth, but it wasn't dangerous. The water filled up the ocean a little bit, so Dinny the dinosaur and Dingy the dragon and the elephant said, "Okay, I guess we could go back to Earth since we saved the day."

The elephant breathed a sigh of relief and said, "That's better now." They all turned the rocket ship around and landed on Earth. After they landed, Denny the dinosaur and his mama said thank you so much to Greta for helping save the day. All of the animals in the olden days were so happy.

What really happened is Greta saved a big ice meteor from coming to Earth. The dragons survived, and then they went someplace else. Greta woke up from her sleep, and Greta and her family lived happily ever after. The end.