Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. My name is Greta, and I'm four years old, and I live in Zambia. And I want to have a story which is makeup of I want to add one dinosaur, and I want to add a dragon, and I want to add one big elephant which can do some magic. Tonight's Makeup story is a request from a four year old girl who lives in Zombia and whose name is Greta. Zombia is a country in the eastern side of Africa which has a lot of lions and elephants and giraffe and wildebeest. And Greta asked for us to make up a story that includes a dinosaur, a dragon, and an elephant that's so big. Once upon a time, a long time ago, greta was having dinner with her mom and her dad, and the dinner had some grapes in it, and it had some special kind of bread that looked like an animal cracker. Yeah, it was holla, and it was so, so yummy for Greta, but she was also getting tired, so she said, Yawn, I think I'm ready to go to bed. And her mom read her a story that night, and then she went to bed. While when Greta was sleeping, she had a really nice dream. In the dream, Greta went back to the old and olden days before there were people, and when dinosaurs were romping around Africa. And the dinosaurs, one of them was a trex, which was the biggest kind of dinosaur. And dinosaurs used to live in big dinosaur houses because dinosaurs were so big, so they couldn't live in people size houses, so they had to live in houses that were as big as skyscrapers and pyramids. And one day, there was a little baby dinosaur named Dinny, and Dinny the dinosaur was such a little baby dinosaur, and Dinny the dinosaur had a little dinosaur diaper, which had room for his dinosaur tail. And Dinny the dinosaur's mama fed him with a dinosaur bottle, and he got dinosaur milk, and he sometimes liked to eat applesauce and other yummy baby dinosaur food. Well, Dinny the dinosaur looked up one day and he saw that there was a person named Greta. And Greta said, how did I even get here to the olden days with all the dinosaurs and Dinny dinosaurs? Mama said, don't worry, we're all nice dinosaurs, and you can watch what we do. And Greta said, okay, but where's my mama? And she turned around, and Greta saw her mom, and she also saw her dad, and she saw some of her friends were also there with her. Well, the baby dinosaur, Denny dinosaur, said, look up, Greta. And Greta looked at the sky, and do you know what she saw? It was snowing in outer space. There was like a snowstorm, but the snowstorm wasn't on Earth. The snowstorm was in outer space. And there were aliens in space who were making big snowballs, and they were throwing the snowballs at other aliens. And there were snowmen that were in outer space. And one of the snowmen looked like a dinosaur. It was a dinosaur. Snowman in outer space. Well, there was so much snow in outer space that one of the aliens threw a big, big snowball towards the earth. It was such a big snowball that it was kind of like a meteor. It was frozen and it was like ice. And the aliens threw it right towards earth. And Dinny the dinosaur said, greta, Greta, look up. And greta looked up and she saw that a snowball was coming. Well, just as she saw that, an elephant passed by. And Greta said, elephant, elephant, can you help because there's such a big snowball that's about to hit our planet, the planet earth. And the elephant had a long elephant trunk and it said, I know how to help. And it blew up in its trunk and blew as hard as it could like, and it blew all the way in the sky and it blew so hard that the snowball stayed in the sky and didn't fall down into earth. But the elephant said it can't blow for so long because eventually it's going to run out of breath and then the snowball will fall down. So Denny the dinosaur said, what we really need is a rocket ship so all of us could get off of earth and the dinosaurs could be saved and you could come in the rocket ship too. So Greta and her friends and Greta's mom and dad looked around for equipment to build a rocket ship. They couldn't find any metal because it was the old and olden days, but they could find some redwood trees and they decided to hollow out a redwood tree, which is to empty the inside. And then they were going to use that. Well, they didn't have an axe, so they had to make one. The way they made an axe was they found a piece of wood that looked like a long solid stick. And then they attached a rock to the end and the rock was shaped like the sharp part of an axe and they used that. And so they built a rocket ship out of a big redwood tree. And there was even a treehouse on the rocket ship. And there was space for dinosaurs and there was space for Greta, and there was even space for the friendly elephant, but there was no rocket fuel and there was no way to power the rocket ship inside. Yeah, and they used redwood inside the rocket ship. But luckily for them, a nice dragon whose name was dingy, dingy the dinghy the dragon came by and he said, oh, are you guys trying to make a rocket ship? And Greta said, yeah, we're trying to make a rocket ship, but we don't have any rocket fuel or any rocket engine. And dinghy the dragon said, I have an idea. I could just go in bottom of the rocket ship and I'll breathe out fire and that will help the rocket ship blast off into outer space. And Greta and Dinny the dinosaur decided to talk and they said, okay, that was a good idea. And they weren't afraid of the dragon because Dinghy the dragon was a very friendly dragon and he was a dragon. Yeah. And he was a dragon that had feathers and stuff and he was soft to pet and he was able to control which direction he breathed out fire. And they all decided they would go on the rocket ship. And so the elephant went on and Denny dinosaur went on and Denny dinosaur's parents and Greta went on. And Greta decided to stay in the treehouse part of the rocket ship. And Denny dinosaur, since he was a baby, stayed in the crib in the rocket ship. It was a dinosaur crib and it had little dinosaur toys in it for Denny the dinosaur and all of the dinosaurs and all of their friends went on the rocket ship. And then Dingy the dragon said, okay, I'm ready to make the rocket ship go. And Greta decided, wait, is there any tornie stuff? And then Greta decided she'd be the one to count down. So she said, ten, 987-65-4321, blast off and lift off. And then Dingy the dragon breathed out fire straight down. And they got closer to outer space where there was so much snow. And do you know what happened? They realized that they could dingy the dragon could just blow fire where the big snowball was that was going to crash into the Earth. And then it would just turn into rain. And then it would just start raining on Earth and that's not a problem. So Dinghy the dragon steered the rocket ship all the way next to the big snowball in outer space that was going to fall. No, because he was so good at steering it. And Greta helped because there was like a wheel in front of the rocket ship that you could turn. And Greta was in charge. She was like the captain of the rocket ship. She was in charge of steering it. So Greta steered the rocket ship and Dinghy the dragon blew out fire on the snowball that was going to fall onto Earth. And he melted it and it became just like a cloud and it started raining on Earth, but it wasn't dangerous. And so Dinny the dinosaur, well, just the water did. So it wasn't bad. It filled up the ocean a little bit. So Dinny the dinosaur and Dinghy the dragon and the elephant said, okay, I guess we could go back to Earth since we saved the day. And the elephant breathed a sigh of relief and said, that's better now. And they all turned the rocket ship around and they landed on Earth. And then after they landed on Earth, denny the dinosaur and Denny the dinosaur's. Mama said thank you so much to Greta for helping save the day. And all of the animals in the olden days were so happy. And what really happened is Greta saved a big ice meteor from coming to Earth. And so the dragons survived, and then they went someplace else. And Greta woke up from her sleep. And Greta and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening. Listening. For instructions on how to request a story, visit Facebook.com makeup stories.