Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a seven-year-old boy named Max. Max was very excited because he found something right by the front door of his house. It had a plastic cover, and it had plastic pages, and it had a plastic marker with no color. Max opened his door and picked up his new present. When he showed the plastic book with see-through pages to his mom, she said, "Max, I can't believe you found that special book." Max looked at the plastic book, which he could see through, and said, "Mom, this doesn't look like a special book." Max's mom told him that the plastic book he was holding was a magical book that let kids write stories all by themselves. She gave Max the magic marker that let kids write real stories and draw real pictures all by themselves.

Max opened the book and started to write a story called Snakes in Singapore. He wrote about a ninja named Nai Chu who was the best in the world at sneaking. Nai Chu could even sneak on a trampoline and jump on it without anyone seeing him. Nai Chu was the most famous ninja in the world for his sneakiness. If he was on a climbing structure at the playground, you wouldn't even see him. What if you were staring right at him? And if you were staring right at him, you might think, wow, is he still there? And then suddenly he would sneak away and disappear.

Nai Chu was the most famous ninja in Singapore, and he was a teacher ninja with lots of student ninjas. The student ninjas had to follow Nai Chu and do whatever he said. He taught them how to sneak away from bad armies and many other important lessons. One lesson he taught the little student ninjas was how to sneak into a special place. Do you know what that place was? It was an ice cream factory in a big building in Singapore. All the little ninjas asked if they were allowed to go in, and Nai Chu said yes, only ninjas were allowed in the ice cream factory because people make too much noise and are too easy to see. If people were seen in the factory, the gibbledigoops, which were monsters that looked a bit like silly putty with eyes, might stop making ice cream. They might think that people would leave germs or spoil the milk needed for making good ice cream. So only ninjas were allowed, but if they got caught, who knows what would happen?

Nai Chu got a special ninja rope and threw it from the bottom of the street to the top of Singapore Tower, a big building in Singapore. He started climbing up the rope, and all his student ninjas followed. Nobody could see them climbing. They snuck so fast and so quietly all the way to the top of the tower that when they got there, they found a surprise. It wasn't a gibbledigoop, but a candy store! It was the biggest candy store in the world, with every kind of candy ever made. The ninjas discovered this candy store on top of Singapore Tower and wanted to tell the kids in Singapore about it. But when they started to go down the rope, it turned into a big snake! The snake slithered and whipped back and forth as all the ninjas and Nai Chu slid down. Nai Chu shouted, "Snake! Snake!" and his student ninjas repeated it. They got down safely to the bottom, and Nai Chu quickly climbed on top of the snake's head and asked, "Slithery snake, what's your name?" The snake said, "My name is Sam, and I'm a good snake. I had to turn your ninja rope into a snake so it would be long enough." Nai Chu and his student ninjas thanked Sam the snake. They danced around in a circle and started to sing Ring Around a Rosie. Even though they were playing in the open, it was hard for people in the nearby playground to see them.

Suddenly, one of the ninjas, Nai Chu's favorite and most skilled student, said, "Ninja power poof!" Their ninja powers went away, and everyone in Singapore could see all the ninjas and Nai Chu. Everyone clapped and told the ninjas they did a great job. The ninjas told them about the candy factory and ice cream factory, and everyone lived happily ever after.

Max finished writing the story and, after seeing all the ninjas and the big snake in Singapore, he told himself that he made up this story all by himself. Max and his family lived happily ever after. The end.