You welcome to make top stories. This is Rory from Scotland. Hi, my name is Max. I'm seven years old. My birthday is December 19. I live in Newport, Rhode Island, and I would like a story about a snake, a giant snake, and ninjas that are in Singapore. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a seven year old boy whose name is Max and who has a birthday coming up on December 19. Happy birthday, Max. Max also lives in Newport, Rhode Island, and Max asked for us to make up a story that includes a giant snake and also ninjas that are in place called Singapore. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a seven year old boy whose name was Max. Max was very excited because he found something right by the front door of his house. It had a plastic cover, and it had plastic pages, and it had a plastic marker which had no color associated with it. And Max opened his door and picked up his new present. And when he picked up the plastic book with see through paper and showed it to his mom, max's mom said, max, I can't believe that you found that special book. And Max looked at the plastic book, which you could see through and which he was holding, and he said, mom, but this doesn't look like a special book. And Max's mom told Max that the plastic book that Max was holding in his hands was a magical kind of book that let kids write books all by themselves. And Max's mom gave Max the magic marker that let kids write real books all by themselves and draw real drawings all by themselves. Max opened it up, and he started to write a book. And the book that he wrote was called Snakes in Singapore. Max lifted up his magic marker and started to write that once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a ninja named Nai Chu. And Naichu the ninja was a very special ninja because he was the best in the world at sneaking. And Nai Chu the ninja could even sneak on a trampoline and jump on the trampoline, and nobody would be able to see him even if the trampoline was right in front of you. And Naiju the ninja was the most famous ninja in the world for his sneakiness because he was so sneaky. If he was on a climbing structure at the playground, you wouldn't even see him. What if you are staring right at him? And if you're staring right at him, then you might think, wow, is he still there? And then suddenly he'll sneak away and then disappear. Well, Naiju the ninja was the most famous ninja in Singapore, but Naiju the ninja was a teacher ninja, and he had lots of student ninjas with him. The student ninjas had to follow Naiju ninja and do whatever he said. But was he teaching them how to sneak away from bad armies and Naiju. The ninja would teach all of the student ninjas lots of important lessons. One lesson that he taught the little student ninjas was how to sneak into a special thing. And do you know what that thing was, bud? What? How to sneak into an ice cream factory in a big building in Singapore. And all of the little ninjas said, but are we allowed to? And Nitro ninja said, yes, we are. Only ninjas are allowed in the ice cream factory in the big building in Singapore because people make too much noise and it's too easy to see people in the factory. And if people are seen in the factory, then the gibbledigoops which run the factory, those are kind of like they're monsters that look a little bit like silly putty, but they have eyes. The gibbledygooks might see the people, and then they wouldn't want to make any more ice cream. Well, because the gibbledygooks might think that the people are going to leave germs there, or maybe they'll leave the milk out for too long and milk will spoil and they won't be able to make good ice cream. Yeah. So the gibbledigooks had that rule, and they looks like silly putty, and gibbledygooks had a silly putty mouth, and only ninjas were allowed. But if the ninjas got caught, what would happen? Well, let's see what happens, bud. And so nitro, the ninja started to get a special ninja rope, and he threw the ninja rope from the bottom of the street to the top of Singapore tower, which is a big building in Singapore. And he started climbing up the rope, and all of his student ninjas followed. Nobody could see them climbing. And they snuck so fast and so quietly all the way to the top of the tower that when they got to the top, they found a surprise. They found one of the gibligooks? No, there were none of the gibligooks. But they found that there was a candy store in the tower as well. And the candy store, it was the biggest candy store in the world. And it had all of the candy that had ever been made by any candy factory ever. And so you could walk around this candy factory that the ninjas discovered on the top of Singapore tower, and there is any kind of candy that was ever made, like a different kind of lollipop or let's say the yummiest juice ever that doesn't exist anymore. You could have that kind of juice at this candy factory. And the ninjas popcorn that flamingo. Does it have that? Yeah, it does. It has so many delicious things. Any candy that any kid ever ate, it has a copy of that candy there. And so the ninjas discovered it, and they really wanted to tell the kids in Singapore about this special factory. But when they started to go down the rope, their ninja rope, do you know what happened the rope turned into a big snake. And this snake was slithering and whipping back and forth as all of the ninjas and Naiju ninja and all of his student ninjas were sliding down. And Naiju ninja said snake. Snake. And his student ninjas repeated and they got down safely to the bottom. And the snake went right up to Naiju ninja. And Naiju ninja sped away before the snake could bite him. And Naiju ninja snuck to the back of the snake and climbed on top of the snake's head and said, slithery snake, what's your name? And the slithery snake said, my name is Sam and I'm really a good snake. And I had to turn your ninja rope into a snake because that was the only way the rope would be long enough. And Naitun Ninjas said thank you. And all of Nituninja's student ninjas said, thank you. And they danced around in a circle and they started to sing Ring Around a Rosie. And when the ninjas were singing Ring around a Rosie, it was hard for people that were even in the playground across the street to see them even though they were playing ring around a rosie. And then suddenly one of the ninjas it was Naiju ninja's favorite, most skilled ninja said, ninja power poof. And suddenly their ninja powers went away. And everyone from the whole of Singapore could see all of the ninjas and Naiju ninja. And everyone was clapping. And they told the ninjas they did such a good job. And the ninjas told them about the candy factory and ice cream factory, and everyone lived happily ever after. Max finished writing the story and after he wrote the story in his magic book and saw that there were so many ninjas in it and such a big snake and Singapore, he told himself that he made this story up all by himself. And Max and his family lived happily ever after. The end. I'm Leo, and thanks for listening to makeup stories.