Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a giant princess named Winifred. Winifred was a big giant, and her mom was a giant queen who wore a crown. Winifred's dad was a king giant, and he carried a big, long stick that was taller than a skyscraper when he walked around. Winifred also had a pet kitty cat named Lion. Lion was a giant kitty cat, and that's why she called it Lion. But really, it was a regular kitty cat, just much bigger.

Winnie used to spend most of her time in the clouds. Some clouds have swimming pools in them, and giants love to swim in the cloud swimming pools. Clouds can have swimming pools because they are made of water. That's how it rains when the swimming pools start dripping out of the clouds.

One day, Winifred was swimming in her giant cloud with her mom and dad, the king and queen of all giants, when a bird came up to them. The bird was carrying a little green gummy worm. The bird flew right up to Winnie the giant and said, "Winnie, I have a secret message for you." Winnie asked, "What is it?" The bird dropped the special magic green gummy worm right in front of Winnie in the pool that was in the cloud.

The green gummy worm started floating in the pool. As it floated, it looked like little lightning was getting in it. Winnie asked the bird if that's how lightning is made inside clouds with the green gummy worms that swim in the pools. The bird said no, lightning comes when clouds crash into each other. Winnie asked, "What can you do with this magical green gummy worm?" The bird said, "Winnie, if you eat the magic green gummy worm, you won't be a giant princess anymore. You will shrink so small that you're smaller than a house." Winnie said, "Well, smaller than a house is still very big. I want to be even littler." The birdie said, "Okay, I have an idea, but I have to first pour a little bit of magic pink salt on the green gummy worm." The birdie got out a pink salt shaker and started sprinkling a teensy bit of magic pink salt on the green gummy worm, which was floating in the pool in the cloud where Winnie and her parents were swimming. And just as the bird sprinkled on some magic pink salt, the gummy turned pink.

Winnie looked at the pink gummy worm and asked the bird, "What can it do now?" The bird told Winnie that if she ate the pink gummy worm, she would be so small, she wouldn't be a giant anymore. She wouldn't even be the size of a giraffe. She would be so small, she would be smaller than a person, and she would be able to fit in a dollhouse. Winnie said really? Because people can't be so small, they could fit in a dollhouse. The bird said, "It's a magic pink gummy worm, and that's how it changed colors from green to pink." So Winnie said okay, and she ate the magical pink gummy worm. As she ate it, she started to shrink and shrink. She said to her parents, "Help! I might fall through the clouds." The birdie said, "Don't worry, I'm going to carry you down."

Winnie was still a little bit big, so she said to the bird, "You can't carry me. I'm too big." But Winnie got smaller and smaller until she was so tiny, she was about the size of a toy car. The birdie picked up Winnie and flew her all the way down to Michigan.

When Winnie got to Michigan, they saw that her house was nearby. In her house, there was a little dollhouse. The dollhouse was pink and had white doors, and it was so small, it fit right next to Winnie's bed. Winnie saw the dollhouse, and the birdie saw that there was an open window in Winnie's house. The birdie flew through the open window carrying Winnie and dropped her off by her magical little dollhouse. Winnie looked at the dollhouse, and she remembered playing with dolls and imagining fun games with them. But now she could go in for real.

Winnie went into the dollhouse, and she saw that the kitchen, which looked pretend, really did work if you were little. Winnie discovered that so many things in the dollhouse were fun. She even found that one day, her mom left some dental floss near the dollhouse, and she could use it as a swing because she was so little. Winnie had a lot of fun playing in the dollhouse while the birdie waited outside.

Then Winnie said, "Well, birdie, I think it's a lot of fun to play in the dollhouse, but I'm getting kind of hungry." The birdie pointed at a big giant cookie with chocolate chips, each the size of a car. Winnie realized that was a regular person-sized cookie, but it looked bigger to her because she was so little. Winnie asked the bird if they could eat it all up. The bird started tweeting and laughing because the cookie was way too big for little Winnie to eat. So Winnie asked the bird to turn her regular size again. The bird said, "Okay, let me first carry you up to the clouds." The bird carried Winnie all the way up to the clouds, and she was lucky because she had some little pieces of the chocolate chip cookie in her pocket.

When they got to the clouds, Winnie's little eyes, hair, and face weren't easy for her mama, the queen of all giants, to see. So Winnie's mama said, "Who is that little buddy?" Winnie said it's me, but her voice was so little. Suddenly, the bird said, "Winnie, now you need to eat the other green gummy worm, and then you'll turn regular size again." So Winnie ate the regular-sized green gummy worm, and it was so yummy. She got big again, and Winnie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.