Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a giant princess whose name was Winifred. Winifred was such a big giant, and her mom was a giant, and she was queen of all the giants, and she wore a crown. And Winifred's dad was a king giant, and he carried a big, long stick that was taller than a skyscraper when he would walk around. And Winifred also had a pet kitty cat whose name was Lion. And Winifred's pet kitty cat was a giant kitty cat, and that's why she called it Lion. But really, it was a regular kitty cat, just much bigger.

Winnie used to spend most of her time in the clouds. There are some clouds that have swimming pools in them, and giants love to swim in the swimming pools that are in the clouds. And clouds could have swimming pools in them because they are made of water. And that is how it rains when the swimming pools start dripping out of the clouds.

Well, one day, Winifred was swimming in her giant cloud with her mom and also with her dad, the king of all giants, when, as they were swimming and jumping about the giant pool, a bird came up to them, and the bird was carrying a little green gummy worm. And the bird came right up to Winnie the giant. And the bird said, "Winnie, I have a secret message for you." And Winnie said, "What is it?" And the bird dropped the special magic green gummy bear right in front of Winnie in the pool that was in the cloud.

Well, the green gummy bear, it was a gummy worm that the bird dropped, started floating in the pool. And as it was floating around the pool, it looked like a little lightning was getting in it. And Winnie asked the bird if that's how lightning is made inside of clouds with the green gummy worms that swim in the pools. And the bird said no. Lightning comes when clouds crash into each other. And Winnie said, "Well, what can you do with this magical green gummy worm?" And the bird said, "Winnie, if you eat the magic green gummy worm, you're not going to be a giant princess anymore. You will shrink. So small that you're smaller than a house." And Winnie said, "Well, smaller than a house is still very big. I don't want to be that big. I want to be even littler." And then the birdie said, "Okay, I have an idea, but I have to first pour a little bit of magic pink salt on the green gummy worm." And the birdie got out a pink salt shaker and started sprinkling a teensy bit of magic pink salt on the green gummy Worm, which was floating in the pool in the cloud where Winnie and her parents were swimming. And just as the bird sprinkled on some magic pink salt, the gummy turned pink.

And Winnie looked at the pink gummy Worm, and she looked at the bird, and she said, "What can it do now?" And the bird told Winnie that if she ate the pink Gummy Worm, she would be so small, she wouldn't be a giant anymore. She wouldn't even be the size of a giraffe. She would be so small, she would be smaller than a person, and she would be able to fit in a dollhouse. And Winnie said really? Because people can't be so small, they could fit in a dollhouse. And the bird said, "It's a magic pink gummy Worm, and that's how come it changed colors from green to pink." So Winnie said okay. And Winnie ate the magical pink gummy Worm. And just as she ate it up, she saw that she was starting to shrink and shrink, and she said to her parents, "Help. I might fall through the clouds." And the birdie said, "Don't worry, I'm going to carry you down."

And Winnie was still a little bit big, so she said to the bird, "You can't carry me. I'm too big." But Winnie got smaller and smaller and smaller until she was so teensy, she was about the size of a toy car. And then the birdie who carried the Gummy Bear up to the clouds picked up Winnie and flew her all the way down to Michigan.

When Winnie got to Michigan, they saw that her house was nearby. And in her house, there was a little dollhouse. The doll house was pink and had white doors, and it was so small, it fit right next to Winnie's bed. And Winnie saw the doll house, and the birdie saw that there was an open window in Winnie's house. So the birdie flew through the open window carrying Winnie, and dropped Winnie off by her magical little doll house. And Winnie looked at the doll house, and she remembered this doll house from so many times, because she liked to imagine while she was playing with dolls, that there was like, a Princess doll. And the Princess doll got stuck. And then her mom had to come help her. And then different friends came, and they wanted to play, but the Princess didn't know how to play that game. And Winnie had a lot of fun games that she would imagine while she was playing in her dollhouse. But now she could go in for real.

So Winnie went in little Winnie went in her doll house, since now she was so small, she wasn't a giant anymore. And in the doll house, she saw that the kitchen, which looked like it was a pretend kitchen and didn't work, really did work if you were little. And Winnie saw that so many things in the doll house were fun. She even saw that one day, Winnie's mom left some dental floss near the doll house, and that you could put it in the doll house, and you can use that as a swing, even though it's just dental floss, because Winnie was so little. And so Winnie used a piece of dental floss, and she sat on it, and she swung back and forth, back and forth, and she had a lot of fun playing in the dollhouse while the birdie waited right outside.

And then Winnie said, "Well, birdie, I think it's a lot of fun to play in the doll house, but I'm getting kind of hungry." And the birdie said, "Look." And Winnie saw big giant cookies that had chocolate chips, and each chocolate chip was the size of a car. And Winnie looked at that enormous cookie, and she realized that was a regular person sized cookie. It just looked bigger to her because she was so little. And Winnie asked the bird if they could eat it all up. And the bird started tweeting and laughing, because that cookie was way too big for a little Winnie to eat. So Winnie asked for the bird to turn her regular size again. And the bird said, "Okay, let me first carry you up to the clouds." And the bird carried Winnie all the way up to the clouds. But Winnie was lucky, because she carried some little pieces of the chocolate chip cookie in her pocket.

And then when she got to the clouds, her little eyes and her little hair and her little face weren't so easy for Winnie's mama, who was the queen of all giants, to see. So Winnie's mama said, "Who is that little buddy?" And Winnie said it's me. It's me. But her voice was so little, suddenly the bird said, "Winnie, now you need to eat the other color green gummy worm, and then you'll turn regular size again." So Winnie ate the regular size green gummy worm, and it was so yummy. And she got big again. And Winnie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.