Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six-year-old girl whose name was Everleigh. Everleigh had a lot of good, fun ideas in her house, and so she told her parents that they had to take away the floors all over her house. And instead of having regular floors in her house, do you know what Everly decided? Wow. She decided to make the whole house have trampoline floors. And whenever anyone would walk in Everleigh's house, they had to be careful not to jump too much up and down, because one day, there was a doggie that went in Everly's house, and the doggie was walking on the floor, which was a trampoline. And the doggie was like, oh, this is fun. And it jumped up and down, and the doggie jumped all the way up to the ceiling, but there was a net on the ceiling, and the doggie got stuck in the net. And so Everly and her mom had to help the dog go down from the ceiling. And that's when Everly made a rule, no jumping so high on the trampoline floor.

Everleigh was allowed to do different things instead. So one thing Everly really liked to do is she really liked to do somersaults, and she really liked to tumble, and she was very good at spinning. And on balancing, Everleigh had a very special ability that she could balance, not just on a regular sidewalk, not just on a pole, but she could balance on a rope. And one day, Everleigh went outside of her house, and she saw that in her backyard there was a deer. Usually, deer don't go in people's backyard, but this deer was a silly deer because it was wearing some shoes. And the deer came right up to Everly, and the deer said, "Everly, can I go into your house to try the trampoline floor? Because deer are very good at jumping." And Everly told the deer that the deer was allowed to go in the house, but there was a rule of no shoes. And so the deer said, okay. And Everly's mom helped Everly take the shoes off of the magical deer, and the magical deer went in the house, and the magical deer was friends with a spider whose name was Spinny. And Spinny spider told Everly and the magic deer that it was going to make a spider web tightrope. And Everleigh said, "What's that?" And the spider said, Mr. Spinny spider said, "A spider tightrope is a kind of spider web that a spider could make go from one wall to another wall. And do you know what happens, buddy? What? It can hold a person up, and so a person can walk on the spider web. That's how strong it is."

Because Spinny the spider was the king of all spiders, and he came from a different planet that was the shape of a spider. And Spinny spider was in charge of the whole planet, and he took a spider rocket ship all the way down to earth and became friends with the magical deer that was wearing some shoes. And Spinny spider made some fun spider webs all over Everleigh's house. And do you know what the magical deer started to do? It started to walk upside down on the spider webs in Everley's house. Well, Everly's mama walked in the door, and she said, "Everly, this is such a mess because there's spider webs all over the house." And Everly told her mom not to worry because Spinny spider was also so good at cleaning. Do you know what kind of mouth Spinny spider had? He had a vacuum cleaner mouth. And the way that Spinny spider's mouth worked is if he pressed a button that was on Spinny spider's nose, then the vacuum cleaner mouth started to go, and it would make the spider web cleaned up and go inside his spider belly. So Everly pressed the button on the spider's nose, and the spider started to go and clean up the spider webs in the whole house.

Well, Everly's mom said to Everly that Spinny spider was doing a good job cleaning up, and she also said thank you that the magical deer wasn't wearing its shoes on the trampoline house. And then Everly's mom asked Everly if she wanted to play ring around a rosie with a magical deer and with Everly's mom and also the spider. But the spider can't stand as tall as, like, people and deer, so the spider had to stay on Everley's shoulder. It wasn't a scary spider because it had a crown since it was the king spider of that planet. Well, Everly was having a very fun time playing ring around a rosie when suddenly they all fell down. And when you fall in a trampoline, you could bounce up a little bit, and because they fell down a lot, they bounced up a lot. And in the air, the magical spider made a special kind of spinny spider web that held them all up, and they were floating in the air and then Everly put an engine on the floating spider web, and they turned it into something that could fly. So the floating spider web became kind of like a blanket that they would lay down on and they would get to fly through Everleigh's house.

Everleigh noticed as she was flying through the house that on top of the refrigerator, there was a spot that she couldn't usually see. But because she was flying on the floating spider web, she was able to see on top of the refrigerator. And do you know what she saw? It was something special. It was her mom's phone. But it wasn't her mom's regular phone. It was a secret phone that her mom had that you could go inside of. When you looked at Everleigh's mom's secret phone that she kept on top of the refrigerator and you turned it on. If you touched the phone with your finger, then your finger could go inside the phone. How about your head? And your head could, too, if it fit. But then you could go out whenever you wanted by saying the password. And do you know what the password was? What? Guess. Kamino. No, it wasn't kamino. Guess again. Kitty cat meow. It was. It was kitty cat meow. And so Everly went in the phone, and the deer also put his deer foot in the phone without the shoe, and the spider went in the phone, and they were ready to go out. So they said the password. Kitty cat meow. Meow. And then they got out of Everleigh's magic phone.

And the real secret that not a lot of kids know is that a lot of parents have these secret phones that kids could go in on top of their refrigerators. So you could ask your parents to look on top of the refrigerator to see if there's a secret phone that you could go in. Well, Everly had fun going in the secret phone because when she went in the secret phone, she went in a real Wheels on the Bus movie. And she also got to play with Paw patrol and frozen princesses like Anna and Elsa in the phone. And Everleigh also got to play with Itsy Bitsy Spider and lots of fun things on her mom's phone. It was getting late, and it was time for dinner. So Everly's mom told the deer and Spinny the Spider that they should come back a different day. And so Everly told Spinny the Spider that she had a lot of fun and she liked its magic floating spider web. And Spinny Spider said bye, and the magic deer said bye. And Everly had some dinner with her parents, and later she put on pajamas and went to sleep. And Everly and her family lived happily ever after. The end.