Once upon a time, long ago, there were two sisters named Charlie and Scout. Charlie was the big sister and was seven years old, while Scout was five years old. Charlie and Scout were princesses, and they didn't grow up in a regular house or apartment. Instead, they grew up in a princess village on a petting farm. A petting farm is like a zoo where you can see the animals and pet them. The animals in a petting farm are gentle and soft, and they don't hurt kids. So there are cows, which are big, but they don't really hurt kids when you touch them nicely. There are also goats, chickens, and little piggies.

On the petting farm, Charlie and Scout had a special princess castle where they lived with their parents. Many of the castles were shaped like big red barns, but Charlie and Scout lived in a special big castle that didn't just look like a red barn at the bottom.

Charlie and Scout also had kitty cats that lived on the petting farm with them, and one of the kitty cats lived with them in their big barn castle. The barn castle had a chimney made out of chocolate, and sometimes a sprinkly, glittery kind of smoke would blow out of the chimney. This smoke came from a magic stew that their mama, the queen, used to cook. When she cooked the magical stew, Charlie and Scout would put on their princess clothing, and their mama would say, "Hafu." As she said that, she would stir the stew, and the water would turn into rainbow colors. The sprinkly, glittery, twinkly smoke would go out of the chimney, float through the town on top of the petting farm, and blow far away. Unicorns loved the smell of this magical stew.

The special smell of the magic soup went so far away that a unicorn named Yunty decided to come all the way to the petting farm. Yunty was a special unicorn with rainbow-colored wings, and it was only for princesses and princes. Yunty flew all the way to Charlie and Scout's petting farm, following the trail of the glittery rainbow smoke, and went all the way to their barn. Some of the goats came up to Yunty and asked, "How did you get here, unicorn?" Well, unicorns know how to speak to goats and people. Yunty told the goat that he lived in a magical place far away and came because he smelled the magic soup.

Just as Yunty was telling that to the goat, Princesses Charlie and Scout came down from their barn castle. They didn't use the stairs because their barn castle had a slide to go down from the top to the bottom. Every time they wanted to go outside, they could take the slide. The slide had a special hole that went through the front door, so they could slide all the way from their bedroom to the front door. They slid down and saw Yunty the unicorn and Gibby the goat. Yunty the unicorn saw Charlie and Scout and asked if they wanted to go see the petting farm together. Charlie and Scout said yes.

Yunty asked if he could have some of the magic soup first, so Charlie and Scout asked their mom. Their mom brought out a bowl of the magic soup, and Yunty the unicorn drank it all up. After Yunty drank the magic soup, he sneezed. A unicorn sneeze is a magical kind of sneeze. When a unicorn sneezes, it can change the color of your hair. Yunty's sneeze changed Charlie and Scout's hair to be rainbow-colored. It also made all of the pets at the petting farm, including the sheep, cows, goats, and kitty cats, rainbow-colored. Now Charlie and Scout lived on a rainbow-colored petting farm with their princess castle and every colorful animal. They were so happy.

Yunty the unicorn told them they could go on a special adventure to the edge of the petting farm. They walked all the way to the other side of the barn castle and saw something stuck in the lake. A big froggy was guarding it, saying, "Ribbot ribbon." Behind the big froggy, they could see a little bow and arrow. The bow and arrow was colorful and had a see-through part that was hard for grownups to see, but kids could really see it. Charlie and Scout wanted to take a rowboat on the lake to get past the froggy and get the bow and arrow because it was such a special rainbow-colored bow and arrow. Their parents said there was no boat, but a ducky named Dwingo came to the rescue. Dwingo told Charlie and Scout they could ride on the duckies to the middle of the lake. Dwingo gave them rides, and they got to the middle of the lake by riding the duck. Dwingo said, "Quack, quack, quack," until they got to the middle of the lake. The frog asked for the password, and Charlie and Scout said, "Kitty cat, rainbow." The froggy said that was the right password and let them have the bow and arrow.

Charlie and Scout rode Dwingo the ducky back to the other side of the lake where their parents and Yunty the unicorn were waiting. Everyone said they did a great job getting the bow and arrow out of the lake and that they were heroes. Everyone was so happy that they now had a petting farm with all of the rainbow-colored animals. Charlie said, "That means I now have a rainbow-colored kitty." She was right, and Scout was also happy because she liked rainbow-colored kitties too. Charlie and Scout lived happily ever after. The end.