You welcome to makeup the kids bedtime stories. Podcast. I'm your host, Steve. I make up new stories on the fly every day to put my five year old son to sleep. Story requests come from listeners like you. If you want to request a story, then let us know your name and something you want to be in the story. If you want a shout out or know someone whose birthday is coming up, connect with us in two or Facebook at makeup stories. If you like this podcast, please subscribe and leave us a five star review. And now we're ready for today's story. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from two listeners who are sisters charlie, who's seven years old, and Scout, who is five years old. And Charlie and Scout want us to make up a story that has a princess, a village, rainbow hair, and a unicorn. And buddy, what are we going to add to the story? A bow and arrow. Once upon a time, long time ago, there were two sisters named Charlie and Scout. Charlie was the big sister and was seven years old, and Scout was five years old. Charlie and Scout were princesses, and they didn't grow up in a regular house or regular apartment. Instead, they grew up in a princess village that was on a petting farm. A petting farm is like a zoo where you could go see the animals and you get to pet them. And the animals in a petting farm are gentle and soft, and they don't hurt kids. So it's like cows, which are big, but they don't really hurt kids when you touch them nicely. And a goat and chickens and some little piggies. And on the petting farm, charlie and Scout had a special princess castle where they lived with their parents. Because it was a farm, a lot of the castles were shaped like big red barns. But Charlie and Scout lived in a special big castle that didn't just look like a red barn at the bottom. Don't pick the kitty up like that because he likes it more. Okay, so we're joined by a kitty cat with us tonight, listening to the story. And I'm not going to pick the kitty cat up a bad way. I'm going to have to pick the kitty cat up a good way. Well, Charlie and Scout also had kitty cats that lived on the petting farm with them, and one of the kitty cats lived with them in their big barn castle. The barn castle that Charlie and Scout lived in was pretty silly because the barn castle had a chimney that was made out of chocolate, and out of the chimney would sometimes blow a kind of sprinkly, glittery kind of smoke. And that smoke came from a magic stew that their mama used to cook. And Charlie and Scout's mama was the queen. And when she would cook the magical stew, they would have to have their princess clothing on, and she would say, Hafu. And just as she said that, she would stir it together, and the water would turn into rainbow colors, and the sprinkly, glittery twinkly smoke would go out of the chimney, and it would float through the town on top of the petting farm that Princess, Charlie, and Scout lived at, and it would blow far away. And unicorns loved the smell of this kind of magical stew. I'm also not saying the bone ill from the bones, okay? And the special smell of the magic soup went so far away until a unicorn whose name was Yunty decided to come all the way to the petting farm. This unicorn, Yunty, was a special unicorn because it had rainbow colored wings, and it was only for princesses and princes. And the unicorn flew all the way to Charlie and Scout's petting farm, following the trail of the glitter rainbow, sprinkle razzle dazzle smoke, and went all the way to their barn. It went on the bottom, and some of the goats came up to the unicorn and said, how did you get here, unicorn? Well, unicorns know how to speak to goats, and they also know how to speak to people. And so the unicorn told the goat that he lives in a magical place far away and that he came because he smelled the magic soup. And just as he was telling that to the goat, princesses, Charlie and Scout went down from their barn castle. And when they went down, they didn't go down the stairsway because their barn castle had to slide to go down from the top to the bottom. So every time they wanted to go outside, they could take the slide. And the slide had a special hole that went through the front door so they could slide all the way from their bedroom, all the way out the front door. And they slid, and they saw that Yunti the unicorn was there, and so was Gibby the goat. And Gibby the goat was the goat that was talking to Yunti the unicorn. And Yunti the unicorn saw Charlie and Scout, and he said that he was a special unicorn just for princesses and asked if they wanted to go see the petting farm together. And Charlie. And Scout said yes. Well, Yundi asked if he could have some of the magic soup first, and so Charlie and Scout said that they had to ask their mom, and their mom brought out a bowl of the magic soup, and Yunty the unicorn drank the magic soup all up. And after Yunty the unicorn drank the magic soup all up, he sneezed. And a unicorn sneeze is a magical kind of sneeze. When a unicorn sneezes, it could change the color of your hair. And so when the unicorn Yunty sneezed, it changed Charlie and Scout's hair to be rainbow colored. And not only did it do that, but the sneeze made all of the pets at the petting farm, including the sheep and the cows and the goats and the kitty cats, and made all of them rainbow colored. And so now Charlie and Scout lived on a rainbow colored petting farm where their princess castle had every colorful animal. And they were so happy. Well, the unicorn told them that they could go on a special adventure to the edge of the petting zoo and we're petting farm. And they walked all the way to the other side of the barn castle. And on the other side of the barn castle, they saw something that was stuck in the lake. And the thing that was stuck in a lake had a big froggy guarding it. And the big froggy would say, Ribbot ribbon. And if you peeked behind the big froggy, you can see a little bow and arrow. And a bow and arrow was a colorful bow and arrow. And it also had a little part that was kind of see through and maybe a little bit invisible because grownups had a hard time seeing it. But kids could really see what this bow and arrow looked like. Because for kids, especially if you're a princess or your name is Charlie or Scout, it was easier for you to see this bow and arrow behind the froggy in the lake. And Charlie and Scout said that they wanted to take a rowboat on their lake to get past the froggy and to get the bow and arrow because it was such a special rainbow colored bow and arrow. And their parents said, there's no boat. So to the rescue came a ducky named Dwingo. And Dwingo, the ducky told Charlie and Scout that they could go for rides on the duckies and go all the way to the middle of the lake. And so Dwingo ducky gave them rides, and they got to the middle of the lake by getting a duck ride. And the duingo ducky said, Quack, quack, quack, quack, till they got to the middle of the lake. And the frog said, what's the password? And Charlie and Scout said, the password is kitty cat, rainbow. And the froggy said that that was the right password, and he let them have the bow and arrow. Well, Charlie and Scout rode the ducky duango ducky all the way back to the other side of the lake where they came from. And waiting there were their parents and the unicorn. And everyone said that they did such a good job getting the bow and arrow stuck out of the lake that they were heroes. And everyone was so happy that they now had a farm, a little petting farm, where all of the animals were rainbow colored. And Charlie said, that means I now have a rainbow colored kitty. And she was right. And Scout was also so happy because Scout also liked rainbow colored kitties. And Charlie and Scout lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. We're so happy to have you as a listener. Remember to subscribe and also to leave a five star review on itunes.