Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old boy named Walker. Walker lived in a regular house and learned how to use a skateboard. Walker loved skateboarding. Skateboards are like boards with four wheels that you can stand on and ride. Sometimes it's scary for little kids, but big boys and big girls can learn how to use skateboards.

One day, Walker woke up and had breakfast. He had eggs, bacon, and a little bit of orange juice. Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. Walker said, "I'll get it!" and rushed to the door. By the time he got there, his dad was there too. Walker's dad opened the door and saw the mailman. The mailman asked if a boy named Walker lived there, and Walker's dad said yes. The mailman said he had a special toy delivery just for Walker.

Walker asked to see the toy, and the mailman showed him a rainbow-colored box. Walker noticed some kitty cats walking around outside near the mailman. The mailman gave the box to Walker, who thanked him. Walker and his dad carried the heavy box inside. With his parents' help, Walker carefully opened the box using a butterknife.

Inside the rainbow-colored box was a skateboard, but it wasn't a regular skateboard. This skateboard floated in the air using magnets and made white smoke come out from under it. The magnets were very cold, and the skateboard could glow in the dark. Walker took the skateboard into the bathroom, turned off the light, and saw that it turned green in the dark. A kitty cat in the bathroom meowed, and Walker gave it some kitty treats.

Walker showed his new floating, glow-in-the-dark skateboard to his parents and asked if he could use it. His parents told him about a special playground called a skate park, which had magnets on the ground and floating skateboards for kids to ride. Walker asked if he could bring his new skateboard there, and his parents said yes.

Walker and his parents walked to the skate park, which was hidden by trees near their house. Inside the skate park, there were many kitty cats with different glow-in-the-dark skateboards that floated using cold magnets. The skate park had hills, valleys, and floors made of cold magnets, all with white smoke coming out of them. The kitty cats floated on their skateboards over the magnets.

There was a ride called the Magnetic Roller Coaster, where kids stood on their skateboards and strapped their feet in with special orange straps. When they were ready, they said "ready," and the magnetic skateboard floated over the magnetic floor, going up and down, left and right, and even upside down.

One day, Walker wanted to go to the skate park with a vampire named Dracula. Dracula was a nice vampire who drank strawberry, orange, apple, and grape juice. Dracula always asked nicely and said please when he wanted juice. Walker, his parents, and Dracula went to the skate park together.

At the skate park, a big kitty cat asked for their tickets. Walker had a ticket and his glow-in-the-dark skateboard, but Dracula didn't have a skateboard. The kitty cat said Dracula couldn't come in without a skateboard. Walker decided to share his skateboard with Dracula for a short time, like one minute, and then it would be Walker's turn again.

Dracula went into the skate park and saw a vending machine with apple juice. He put quarters in the machine, pressed the button, and got his apple juice. Dracula was happy and did some cool tricks in the skate park. After his turn, Dracula thanked Walker and gave the skateboard back.

Walker was proud that he shared and told Dracula they would come back another day. Maybe one day, a glow-in-the-dark floating skateboard would come in the mail for Dracula, too. Walker, his family, Dracula, and all the kitty cats in the skate park lived happily ever after. The end.