Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a four-year-old boy whose name was Walker. Walker lived in a regular house, and he learned how to use a skateboard. Walker loved to skateboard. Skateboards are like boards that you could put your feet on that have four wheels under them, and you can go on the wheels, and you can say we. Sometimes it's scary for toddlers, but big boys and big girls can learn how to use skateboards. One day, Walker woke up, and he was having some breakfast. And for breakfast, he had eggs and some bacon and a little bit of orange juice. And there was a knock at the door. Walker said, "I'll get it. I'll get it." And he rushed to the door. By the time he was there, his dad was there also. And Walker's dad opened the door, and he saw that it was the mailman. The mailman said, "Does a boy named Walker live here?" And Walker's dad said, "Yes." And the mailman said he had an important present toy delivery, especially for Walker. And Walker said, "Can I see it?" And the mailman showed him that behind his back, he had a rainbow-colored cardboard box. And as the mailman showed him that, Walker saw that there were kitty cats that were walking around outside, right where the mailman was. And the mailman gave the box to Walker. And Walker said, "Thank you." And Walker and his dad carried it inside. It was heavy, so it needed two people to carry it. When they got inside, Walker opened the present with a butterknife very carefully, and under his parents' supervision, after he opened up the rainbow-colored box, he saw that it was a skateboard, but it wasn't a regular skateboard. This was a skateboard that didn't have wheels and that floated in the air by itself using magnets. And it made a kind of white smoke come out under it. And the magnets under the skateboard were very, very cold, and the skateboard could float, and it was glow in the dark. So Walker took the skateboard into his bathroom, and he closed the light, and he heard a kitty cat say, "Meow." And he saw that the skateboard turned green in the dark. And the kitty cat that was there with him said, "Meow" again. And Walker decided to give it some kitty treats. And after Walker gave the kitty cat some kitty treats, Walker opened up the bathroom door, and he started to go downstairs to his parents. He showed his mom and his dad his new floating glow in the dark skateboard, which had some very cold magnets under it, which had a white kind of smoke coming out of it. And he asked his parents if he could use it. And his parents told him that there was a special kind of playground. And the playground was a skate park, and it was full of magnets on the bottom, and it had skateboards that kids could go on, and these skateboards just floated in the air, and they were skateboards just like the one that Walker had. So Walker asked if he could bring his new glow in the dark skateboard to that place, and his parents said yes. So he carried it, and his parents started walking there with him. It was a new place next to his house that he had never seen, because normally there were some trees blocking it. But his parents showed him the secret path through the trees, and Walker went through the trees until he got to the skate park. There were so many kitty cats in the skate park, and the kitty cats that lived in the skate park all had different glow in the dark skateboards that floated in the air and also had cold magnets under them. And the skate park that the kitty cats were at had so many cold magnets under it. There were hills of cold magnets, and there were valleys of cold magnets, and there was floors with cold magnets, and all of them had that white, smoky stuff coming out of them. And the kitty cats would float on these skateboards over the magnets. And there was one ride in this special playground, which was called the Magnetic Roller Coaster. And the Magnetic Roller Coaster, the way it worked is it was a skateboard roller coaster. You stood on your skateboard, and you strapped your feet in to the bottom of the skateboard with a special orange strap. And then when you were ready, you said ready. And then the magnetic skateboard would go on top of the magnetic floor and float and go up and down and to the right and to the left and this way and that way and hither and thither. And it would be a lot of fun because sometimes you could even be upside down, but still attached to the skateboard because your feet were strapped in. And kitty cats at this skate park were really good at doing skate tricks because this kind of skate park was made mostly for kitty cats. Well, one day, Walker told his parents that he wanted to go to the skate park, and he wanted to bring a vampire with him, and the vampire's name was Dracula. And so he went to the skate park, and his parents held his hand, and Dracula came with them, and Dracula was a really nice vampire, because Dracula was a vampire that drank strawberry juice and also orange juice and sometimes apple juice. But what Dracula liked most of all was grape juice. And this Dracula was not a mean Dracula, because whenever he asked for grape juice or orange juice or apple juice or any other kind of juice, including watermelon juice, Dracula would always ask nicely and say please. Well, Walker went with Dracula to the skate park, and when he got into the skate park, there was a big kitty cat that asked for their tickets. And Walker said that he had a ticket, and he also brought his glow in the dark skateboard with him. And the kitty cat, who was in charge, asked if Dracula the vampire brought his skateboard as well. And Dracula said that he was sorry, but he didn't bring his skateboard. So the kitty cat told Walker that Dracula could not come in because he didn't have a ticket to the kitty cat skate park, and he also did not have a glow in the dark skateboard. So Walker decided that sharing is caring, and he told Dracula that Dracula can have his glow in the dark skateboard, and he could use it in the kitty cat park and get his ticket and have a little bit of fun. And it would just be his turn for a very short amount of time, like, let's say 1 minute, or maybe two minutes, probably just 1 minute, and then it would be Walker's turn again. And that is still sharing. So Walker shared his glow in the dark skateboard with Dracula, and Dracula the vampire went in. When he got into the skate park, Dracula saw that there was a vending machine. A vending machine is a kind of machine that has snacks and sometimes drinks in it, and you can put quarters or dollars or credit cards in the machine, and then you can get the snacks that you choose. Well, Dracula saw that there was a vending machine that had some apple juice inside. So Dracula put some quarters in the vending machine and pressed the apple juice button, and some apple juice came out. So Dracula was very happy. And then Dracula went in a skate park and did some sick tricks. And Dracula came back to Walker and said thank you for his turn and gave the skateboard back to Walker. Walker was proud that he shared, so he told Dracula they would come back a different day, and maybe one day, a glow in the dark floating skateboard would come in the mail for Dracula, because this was a nice Dracula. And Walker and his family and Dracula and all the kitty cats in the skate park lived happily ever after. The end.