Okay, I'm going to tell you mixed up now. Once upon a time, there was a boy whose name was Andrew. And Andrew had just turned five years old. He lived with his family in a treehouse in somebody's backyard. Well, it wasn't just a small tree house. This treehouse had stairs in it so that I could get higher, and he could also get lowered down. And it had a kitchen upstairs. And in the treehouse that was a kitchen, they didn't have a fire that had a real flame in it because they didn't want the tree to burn down. Instead, what they did is they had a bunch of magnifying glasses that pointed to the thing on the oven, and the sun would go through the magnifying glasses and get the thing on the oven so hot. And in the treehouse, they also had lots of different beds and some bathrooms. But when they needed to make peepee, the rule was for Andrew that he just makes peepee off the tree. And to get down from the treehouse, there was a bunch of rope ladders and also a pole. And when Andrew was four years old, he wasn't allowed to use the pole by himself. But when he turned five, his parents said that he could use it. And if he ever fell down, he had to use a helmet so that he wouldn't get a booboo on his head. Well, one day, Andrew used the pole to get from the top of the treehouse to the bottom. And when he got to the bottom of the treehouse, his friend Dan was there. And Dan said to Andrew, how about we go build something? And Andrew said, that's a good idea. Well, it was the beginning of the day, and so Andrew and Dan first decided to go to Dan's house to get some cereal. And the cereal they decided to eat was Lucky Charms. So Dan's dad poured some milk into a bowl and put the Lucky Charms in it. And Dan had some. And Dan's dad puts them in a bowl for Andrew also. And Andrew and Dan decided to use their spoon to spin around the bowl and make the Lucky Charms go in circles all around the bowl until they decided to pick up their spoons, get a little bit of milk and some Lucky Charms in it, and say cheers at the same time. And they held their spoons up and banged them together, and the spoons went clack, and the little milk and the little Lucky Charms that were in the spoons went around. And just as they did that, they saw a magic spark in the air. And the magic spark also made it kind of foggy where they were. And they heard a sound. Goom DA dum dum dum dum dum dum. And dan. Andrew said what's? That? And why was there a spark when we clacked our spoons together? And Dan's dad said that he didn't see the spark, and so he thought that they were pretending. Well, later on, Dan's dad told them they could play alone in the backyard, and they decided to use some dirt to make it in the shape of a tiger. And so, first they used shovels to dig up some dirt. And then after they used shovels, they put the dirt in a big clump, and they used their fingers to make the clump of dirt into the shape of a tiger. And they also put some hair on the tiger, which they took off from their own bodies. And Dan and Andrew finished making a tiger. And then Dan called his dad to come check. And his dad took the tiger, which was made of just dirt, off the ground by cutting off the bottom with a knife. And they picked it up, and Dan told his dad to be careful while holding it because it was fragile. And Dan's dad said, okay. And then Dan and Andrew had an idea. They decided to use the same lucky charms that made the spark when they clanked their spoon together and to put it in the microwave at the same time as this dirt tiger and to see what happens. And so they told their dad their idea, and Dan's dad said, that's a good idea. So Dan's dad took the dirt tiger and put it in the microwave. And Dan and Andrew got the lucky charm that made the spark and put it on top of the dirt tiger. And then they turned the microwave on, and they saw some lightning in the microwave, and they saw it make some sparks, and they decided to look away. Well, when they looked back, the microwave went beep. And do you know it came out of a microwave? It was a tiger that was real, but it wasn't big. It was the same size as the dirt one that they made. And do you know what color it was? Rainbow color, just like a lucky charm. And so Dan said, did we just make a tiger out of dirt? And it's a lucky charm color tiger. And Andrew said, did we really do that? And you know who walked out of the microwave? The tiger. And it said couldn't make a big RA because it was just a little tiger. But Dan and Andrew decided to let it crawl up their arm and go on their head and lick them. The tiger was so little. It was even littler than a kitty cat. It was about the same size as a mouse. And its claws weren't so sharp since it was so little. And its teeth were also very little, too. Andrew told Dan that they should go back to his treehouse and they should bring the tiger there to show the tiger's treehouse. And Dan said okay. And Dan's dad said that they could leave to go to Andrew's house. So they walked around the neighborhood past some fences on top of some rocks along the stream until they finally got to the path that led to Andrew's treehouse. Well, they got to the backyard, and they decided to take the rope ladders up to Andrew's treehouse, and they finally got on top. And the tiger, which they named Tiggy, which was a rainbow lucky charm tiger, was still on their back. And when it finally got to the kitchen of the treehouse, do you know what the tiger saw? He saw all the magnifying glasses on top of each other leading to the stove, and he decided he would try to hit one. And so he hit one of the magnifying glasses. And soon Andrew's mom said, no, don't let the tiger do that. And was upset because she needed that magnifying glass for their oven to make things hot since they couldn't use fire in the treehouse. Well, Tiggy tiger, his paw got stuck to the magnifying glass, and the mom saw Tiggy tiger, and she saw that it was so colorful, like a rainbow Lucky Charms tiger that was little. And she said, how did you guys even get that tiger? And Andrew told his mom the whole story of how they made it. Andrew's mom said that was so special. Well, Dan and Andrew got to keep the tiger, even though it messed up the magnifying glasses. And the tiger ended up living with Andrew in the treehouse. In visiting Dan from time to time, as the tiger got bigger and bigger, it stayed rainbow color, and it ended up getting as big as a kitty cat, but not any bigger. And Dan and Andrew and the tiger lived happily ever after. The.