Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Ellie. Ellie lived right on top of a big hill. The hill didn't have any grass growing on it. Instead of grass, the hill was full of dandelions. The dandelions looked like they had green stems and a lot of white fluff on the top that kids could blow in different directions. They grew all over the hill where Ellie lived. Ellie's house had a roof covered with dandelions, and all of the windows had dandelions on the outside of them. There were even some dandelions as tall as trees! Yes, next to Ellie's house, they had the biggest dandelions in the world. Some of them were so big that they were a little bit taller than Ellie's house. They weren't as tall as real trees, but they were still pretty big.

In Ellie's house, there was a rainbow that never went away. The rainbow went from one side of a mountain near Ellie's house to the chimney of her house. There was gold in the chimney! Ellie always wondered if there was gold in the chimney of her house because sometimes there's gold at the end of rainbows, and a rainbow did end in her house. Most houses aren't surrounded by hills covered in dandelions. So Ellie asked her mom one day if she could borrow a flashlight. Ellie's mom said, okay, and Ellie got a flashlight and turned it on. She told everyone she was going on a secret mission to look. What she found was that the chimney in her house didn't go to a fireplace. Instead, the chimney in her house went to a secret room behind the kitchen. The secret room behind the kitchen had only one way to go in. To get into the secret room, you had to go to the middle of the kitchen, stomp your feet on the ground three times quickly, like stomp, stomp, stomp. Then, you had to look at the ceiling, put your hands up in the air, and say "Stomp!" Then you stomp one more time. If you do that, part of the floor opens up, and a slide comes out. You can slide down the open floor in the middle of Ellie's kitchen to go under the kitchen to the secret room where the rainbow ends.

Ellie was so glad she had her flashlight because it was a little dark in places. The tunnel itself was made of so many different colors that she wanted to see. It was actually a rainbow-colored tunnel. Ellie asked, "Is this slide a rainbow?" It was a rainbow slide! Ellie told her parents that they should come with her through the rainbow tunnel that she found at the end of the rainbow slide under her kitchen to get to the secret room. Ellie's parents were so excited, and Ellie's mom went first. Ellie and her mom went down the slide through the tunnel and opened the door to the other room. The door to the other room was not a regular door shape. The door was shaped like a wheel. To open the door, you had to press a button in the middle of the wheel. The entire wheel would start spinning around, and as it spun, the middle part would get a bigger and bigger hole until the whole wheel disappeared. Ellie and her parents were able to get through the rainbow tunnel to the magic room.

The magic room on the other side was shaped like a butterfly. The room had big wings, and you could climb up the wings. The room also had lots of different butterfly parts, and it was even colored like a monarch butterfly. Instead of light bulbs, there were doughnuts all over the room. The room was so yummy! But what was special about the room was that if a kid tried to grab one of the donuts, like if a kid wanted a donut and touched it and pulled the donut down, the chimney got a little bit bigger, and a little bit more rainbow came through the chimney. If you pulled the donut a little bit harder, the chimney would get bigger and bigger, and more and more rainbow would come in. Then you could see how gold is made at the end of the rainbow. If a rainbow goes into a chimney and the chimney gets big, and you put some mirrors in the chimney, and you have the rainbow light all come together with mirrors that reflect towards each other, that's how gold is made at the end of rainbows. The magic room that Ellie found with her family had that secret way of pulling the doughnut to make the chimney expand and get bigger, to make space for more rainbow to come in, to make it easier for more gold to be created.

Ellie told her parents, "Look!" and she pointed at the rainbow in the middle, right at the bottom of the chimney. What she saw was a golden crown being made out of rainbow colors, and it was turning into gold right in front of their eyes. The golden crown floated around the room, and a voice said, "Whoever's head this crown falls on is going to be a princess." The crown floated all the way around the room over different people's heads, finally choosing to settle on Ellie's head. Ellie had a real gold crown made out of rainbows with mirrors and real gold. When she put it on, she told her parents that now she was going to be a princess and she would have to tell a lot of her friends what to do. Ellie told her parents that it was time for them to go out of the magic room. Her parents asked, "Wait, should we pull another donut first?" Ellie said, "Yes, let's pull another doughnut." Ellie pulled another doughnut from the ceiling of the butterfly-shaped magic room. When she pulled the next doughnut, the room changed shapes, and suddenly the whole room became the size of a giant grape. It became a purple room, and it was like Ellie and her family were inside the grape. Everything around them was very yummy because inside grapes are yummy. It was like a giant grape, but they could still breathe. Were they allowed to eat some of it? Yes, they were allowed to eat some of it. Ellie was amazed. The magic room at the end of the rainbow could really change into different things!

Ellie's parents said they should probably go back through the rainbow tunnel and up the rainbow slide to get back to the kitchen of her house so they could have dinner before bed. Ellie agreed. Ellie and her family went back to their kitchen, closed the secret door, and decided they would visit that place a different day. But Ellie still had her crown with her, and she was still a princess. Ellie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.