Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Audrey Madeup. Stories is the best podcast ever. Hello makeup stories. My name is Anthra. I'm going to turn seven years old on 14 February. I live in Mumbai, India. I would like a story of rainbow, a mermaid and a gymnast. Can you please make a story? Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Entra who lives in Mumbai, India, and who turned seven years old yesterday on February 14. And so we want to say Happy birthday, Entra. Happy birthday, Plug. And Entra asked for us to make up a story that includes a rainbow, a mermaid and a gymnast. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Antra. It was raining outside, and Antra looked out the window. She saw something very interesting. There was a rainbow. But the rainbow was black and white and gray. And the big rainbow went across the sky. And it was so big and so beautiful, but it had no colors. And on one side of the rainbow, you could see a bunch of trees in a faraway forest. And on the other side of the black and white rainbow, which was gray, in the middle, you could see a lake. Entra asked for her mom to come, and her mom came rushing to the window, and Antara pointed at the black and white and gray rainbow and said, mom, have you ever seen a rainbow in the sky without any colors before? And Antera's mom said that she hadn't. They decided to go outside using their rainboots and to walk in the street to go all the way to the black and white and gray rainbow and to see what was there. As they were walking down the street, they were stepping in a lot of puddles. The puddles were very silly because every time you stepped in a puddle, when it splashed, it made when you splashed in a puddle, it made new puddles wherever the splash went. And the puddles came in colors. Some of the puddles were gray and some were white and some were black. And Antara was walking with her mom all the way to the lake where the black and white and gray rainbow ended. And when they got to the lake, they saw that there was a mermaid. And the mermaid also had no colors. The mermaid looked like she was from a cartoon that you could see on a computer. But she came out of a computer and was laying down right by the water. And the mermaid said to Antara, are you here because you saw the black and white and gray rainbow in the sky? And Antera told the mermaid that she was seeing with her mom what was at the end of that rainbow. And the mermaid said that the black and white and gray rainbow ends in the middle of this lake and in the middle of the lake is where so many different mermaids live. And the reason that the rainbow has no colors is because all of the colors were going and pouring out of the rainbow and going under the water into the lake where the mermaids live. And the mermaid, who was just a black and white and gray mermaid, said she was going to jump in the water, and then she was going to turn into a colorful mermaid again. And she jumped into the magic water, and the mermaid came out, and she looked like a regular colorful mermaid. And then other mermaids started to jump out from the water under the black and white and gray rainbow. And the mermaids started to swim and do all sorts of colorful tricks. And some of them had hula hoops, and they were dancing around and flipping up and down in the water. And Antera said, mom, look, the mermaids are so colorful now. And just as she said that, a lot of bees started and flying all the way to the lake. And the bees started going in a circle around the middle of the lake. And then all of the bees became colorful bees, and they started dancing in circles. And then there were a bunch of birds that came, and the birds were pigeons. And when the pigeons flew to the middle of the lake, right by the black and white and gray rainbow, if they flew around the rainbow, do you know what happened to the pigeons? What? They turned into colorful parrots. Why not put the rainbow dust and rainbow water back into the rainbow? And Entra said, mom, it's so nice that the mermaids could get color and that the bees could become colorful and that everything could get colorful. But it's not fair to the rainbow that the rainbow has no color. So how about we ask a mermaid to help put the color back in the rainbow? And Antara's mom asked a mermaid, and a mermaid said, okay, we were just borrowing the color from the rainbow for a little bit, but now we're going to put it back up, only we need some help. Because it's easy to take the color out of a rainbow. All you have to do is make it spill out. But if you try to get the color back into a rainbow, that's not as hard, because you have to push the color back up. And so the mermaid said that they needed the help of a gymnast who could do cartwheels and somer salts and cool jumps and really sick tricks, and that the mermaid said they needed Antara to have gymnast powers. And Antara said, how can I get gymnast powers? And the mermaid said, you have to hold your mom's hand and put your toes in the water. And when your toes go in the water, they'll get nail polish on them, and they'll be colorful toes, and you will also get gymnast powers. And so Antara held her mother's hand and dipped her toes in the water of the Magic Lake. And she saw that her toes really did get colorful rainbow nail polish on them. And then when she got out of the lake, she had gymnast powers, and she was able to jump from the side of the lake all the way to the middle of the lake, and she landed right on a mermaid's tail. And the mermaid flipped up some of the rainbow color that was in middle of the lake, and Antara pushed it back up the rainbow. And she kept doing that for different colors. And the mermaids were helping, and Antara was helping, and she did all sorts of hops and jumps, and she even did a backflip as she was putting the colors back in the black and white and gray rainbow. And Antara was so proud of what a good gymnast she was because she didn't know that she could have gymnast powers. Well, she got back to shore and she looked at the rainbow, and she saw that the rainbow was so colorful again. No. And the rainbow was starting to get, like, little eyes and a little mouth in the middle of the rainbow. And the part that's on top, and the eyes were looking at Antara, and the mouth said, thank you. And Antara, she was the first person ever that a rainbow said thank you to. And all of the mermaids were so happy, and all of the bees were so happy. And all of the pigeons that turned into parrots were also so happy. And the parrots were flying around in a single file line as they followed Antara and her mom and dad all the way back to her house in Mumbai, India. And everyone in Mumbai was doing big dances and having a very big party for Antara because she made the black and white and gray rainbow colorful again. And Antara and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Hi, I'm Anthra from Mumbai, India. Makeup Stories the best podcast evil.