Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six-year-old girl named Charlotte, and her birthday was coming up soon. Charlotte wanted to know if there would be a cake at her birthday party, and she also wanted to know if there would be balloons. So a week before her birthday, she asked her mom, "Mama, what kind of cake will be at my birthday, and will there be balloons?" Her mama said, "It's going to be a yummy cake, and it's a secret, and yes, there will be magical balloons." Charlotte was really happy about that.

The next day, when Charlotte woke up, she had some cereal. Instead of her usual cereal, she decided to have some Lucky Charms. Lucky Charms is a type of cereal that has little pieces of colored marshmallow candy and other yummy things. It's not very healthy, but kids do like to eat it. As Charlotte enjoyed her Lucky Charms, she thought, "Soon it's going to be my birthday. Hip, hip, hooray." And as she was thinking that, she saw something special in her bowl of Lucky Charms.

As she scooped up some cereal with her spoon, she saw a tiny rainbow-colored rabbit. The rabbit was so small that it fit on her spoon, and it was swimming around the milk in her bowl. Charlotte had never seen a rainbow-colored rabbit before, especially one so tiny. She carefully made sure not to eat it because she didn't want to eat a real rabbit. The rabbit hopped off the spoon and onto Charlotte's nose. It felt kind of tickly, and the rabbit said, "My name is Ribby Rabbit. I heard it's going to be your birthday soon." Charlotte said that, yes, her birthday was in one week. Ribby Rabbit told Charlotte he had a special idea, and Charlotte asked what it was. Ribby said they should go on an adventure to the beach together, and Charlotte agreed.

Charlotte told her mom about the rabbit in her Lucky Charms and that she needed to go on an adventure to the beach today because it would be a lot of fun. Her mom said that parents have to come with kids to the beach and that kids shouldn't go alone. Charlotte said that was okay, and her mom brought some floaty equipment to help her swim in the ocean.

When they got to the beach, it looked pretty silly that day because instead of sand, there was so much Play-Doh. All the kids at the beach were making castles out of Play-Doh instead of sand. And instead of regular boats floating in the ocean, there were Lego boats. The sailboats looked like bath toys, and the water was a smoothie. The water had been blended up from a drink, and it was cold, with little pieces of ice in it. It tasted like a strawberry smoothie, and it was easy to swim in.

Charlotte told her mom that she and Ribby Rabbit were going to swim in the ocean. Not many people know this, but if a rabbit is rainbow-colored, it can float on water. So Charlotte and Ribby Rabbit started to have fun in the ocean using their floaty equipment. They kept looking for a smoothie wave with yummy strawberry slushy drink, but there were only little waves.

Suddenly, Charlotte noticed that instead of rocks on the beach and in the ocean, there were giant teeth. The teeth were so big, they looked like giant cliffs. Ribby Rabbit told Charlotte that these were the teeth of giants that lived in the sky, and they had fallen into the ocean. In this silly ocean made of smoothie, there weren't regular rocks, just giant teeth. Charlotte told Ribby Rabbit that she had also lost four of her teeth.

In this ocean, there were not only swimming animals but also a leopard. The leopard could walk on top of the water because it had four little boats under each of its feet. Whenever the leopard wanted to run on the ocean, it would just run on top of the boats, picking them up with its feet and running and running. The leopard was chasing a deer, but the deer in this ocean had flippers and swam through the strawberry smoothie. The leopard and the deer were playing tag, taking turns trying to catch each other.

After playing in the ocean, Charlotte and Ribby Rabbit decided to go back to the beach and then head home because it was time for the birthday party. On the beach, Charlotte made some Play-Doh castles and put balloons on top. Whenever another kid walked by and asked about the balloons, Charlotte said, "Because it's going to be my birthday next week."

When Charlotte got home, her dad had a surprise for her. It was the kind of birthday cake she wanted, with a fairy on top, and it was so yummy. There was also a balloon. Charlotte, her little sister, and the whole family lived happily ever after. The end.