Welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime stories podcast. I'm your host, Steve. If you like the story I'm about to tell, please subscribe and tell your friends. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a listener named Charlotte who is turning seven on July 23. Charlotte asked for us to make up a story that includes bunny rabbits swimming in the ocean and a girl who loses four teeth. And we're also going to add two things to the story. What are they? Bud. A jaguar. Deer. Yeah. We're also going to add a jaguar, which is a type of big cat, like a leopard that goes raw. And we're going to add a deer to the story. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six year old whose name was Charlotte, and it was getting very close to Charlotte's birthday, and Charlotte wanted to know if there was going to be a cake at her birthday, and she also wanted to know if there would be balloons. So a week before her birthday, she asked her mom, mama, what kind of cake is going to be at my birthday, and are there going to be balloons? And her mama said, it's going to be a yummy kind of cake and it's secret and that, yes, there would be magical balloons. And Charlotte was really happy about that. Well, the next day when Charlotte woke up, she had some cereal. And the cereal that she usually had was not the one that she had today, because today she decided to have some lucky charms. Lucky charms is a type of cereal that has little pieces of colored marshmallow, candy and also other yummy things. It's not so very healthy, but kids do like to eat it. And it was getting close to Charlotte's birthday, so Charlotte started to gobble up some of the lucky charms. And as she gobbled up the lucky charms, she was thinking to herself, soon it's going to be my birthday. Hip, hip, hooray. And as she was thinking that, she saw something special in her bowl of lucky charms. As she put her spoon in the bowl and lifted one of the lucky charms, she saw it turn into a little rabbit. The rabbit was so little that it fit on her spoon, and it was swimming around the milk in her bowl. And Charlotte had never seen a rainbow colored rabbit before that was so little it fit into a spoon. And so she looked at it and she made sure she didn't eat it because she didn't want to eat a real rabbit. And the rabbit jumped off the spoon right onto Charlotte's nose. It felt kind of tickly when the rabbit jumped onto Charlotte's nose, and the rabbit said, my name is ribby rabbit. I heard it's going to be your birthday soon. And Charlotte said that, yes, it was going to be her birthday in one week. And the rabbit said to Charlotte that he has a special idea. And Charlotte asked what it was. And the rabbit said that they should go together to the beach, to the ocean on adventure. And Charlotte said that that was a good idea. Well, she told her mom that she found a rabbit in her lucky Charm cereal and that she needed to go on an adventure to the beach today because it was going to be a lot of fun. And her mom said that parents have to come with kids to the beach and that kids shouldn't go by themselves. And so Charlotte said that that was okay. And so her mom brought some floaty equipment which could help her swim if she ever went into the ocean. And when they got to the ocean, they saw it looked pretty silly that day because instead of sand on the beach, there was so much playdoh. And instead of making sand castles, all the kids at the beach were making castles out of playdoh. And instead of regular boats floating in the ocean today, it was all Lego boats. And the sailboats that were sailing in the ocean didn't look like real sailboats. They looked like bath toys. Was the water really smoothie that got so melty? And the water was a smoothie. The water had been blended up from a drink, and it was cold. It had little pieces of ice in it, and it tasted like a strawberry smoothie, and it was easy to swim in. And so Charlotte told it was basically the most strawberry. Yeah, it was the most strawberry ever. So Charlotte told her mom that she and the bunny were going to go for a swim in the ocean. Not a lot of people know this, but if a rabbit is rainbow colored, then it means it could float on water. And so Charlotte went with her little rainbow colored real life, but not for real life. We're just pretending. So Charlotte went with her rainbow colored bunny, and they started to have fun in the ocean using their floaty equipment. And they kept looking to see if there would be a smoothie wave with smoothie strawberry kind of slushy yummy drink. And there was little waves, but none that were big. And so suddenly Charlotte realized that instead of rocks on the beach and in the ocean I'm asking this for one reason. Was it not anything but except it wasn't sand was vinegar. Well, instead of rocks in the ocean, do you know what there were? What? Giants teeth. The teeth in the ocean were so big, they looked like giant cliffs. And the bunny rabbit told Charlotte that these were the teeth of giants that lived in the sky. And the teeth fell down in the ocean. And in this silly ocean, which was made out of smoothie, there wasn't regular rocks, just giants teeth. And Charlotte told the bunny rabbit that she also had four of her teeth fall out. Well, usually in the ocean, there's just animals that swim. But in this ocean, because it was a silly ocean. Was it gummy fishy? No. There was also a leopard. And the leopard that lived in this ocean was able to walk on top of the water. Oh. Because it just because it was just trying to drink the smoothie. Because the leopard had four little boats under each of his feet. And whenever the leopard wanted to run on the ocean, he would just run on top of the boat, and he would pick the boats up with his feet and keep running and running and running. And they were little boats, so it was easy for him to do it. They were like this size boat. Yes. And the leopard was chasing a deer, because deer could also go in this kind of ocean. But the deer in this ocean had flippers, and they swam through the strawberry smoothie, but the leopard was trying to catch up to the deer. And when it got so close, it said, I got you. And it put a necklace around the deer and told the deer that it was its turn to catch it. And they were taking turns playing tag to see who could catch who. Well, they decided they were like playing. Yes. And they decided they would go back to the beach and go back home because it was time for the birthday party. And so Charlotte went back off of the smoothie water onto the beach, and she started making some sand castles with the playdoh. And really they were playdoh castles. And she put some balloons that somebody had there on top of the playdoh castle. And anytime another kid walked by and they asked Charlotte about the balloons, charlotte said, because it's going to be my birthday next week. And Charlotte went home. And when she got home, her dad had a surprise for her. And the surprise was it was the kind of birthday cake she wanted, and it had a fairy on top, and it was so yummy. And there was also a balloon. And Charlotte and her little sister and the whole family lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. Story ideas come from listeners just like you. So if you want me to make up a story for you, then just leave a review on itunes with your name, your age, and two things you want in the story. If you want me to wish you a happy birthday on the podcast, then you can ask me to do that on Facebook, Twitter, or Gmail, where my username is makeup stories. So you next time.