Once upon a time, long time ago, there lived a four-year-old girl named Penelope. Penelope grew up in a hut in the savannah. The savannah is a place where there are lots of wild animals, including alligators, lions, hippopotamuses, buffalo, impala, and tons of other animals, including cheetahs. Penelope had a hippopotamus farm next to her hut. Hippopotamuses are very big and very fat animals that love to live in swampy or rivery places, but they don't like to live in rivers where the water flows too fast.

In Penelope's farm, they had a big humongous pool, even bigger than a regular grown-up pool, and even longer than four fire trucks. They filled it with mud, and they had hippopotamuses there. The hippopotamuses that lived on Penelope's farm in the savannah were really silly because they knew how to sing. They would sing "Mary Had a Little Lamb" all the time. As the hippopotamuses would sing together, some birds would come for the concert and fly overhead on top of Penelope's farm. There would also sometimes be other animals, like lizards, that would join the concert that the hippopotamuses would put on. Special fireflies would come if they would sing at night to light up the concert.

All animals were allowed on Penelope's farm, except for lions, because Penelope told her parents that lions are too big and their teeth are too big to be allowed on the farm. She didn't want any of the lions to eat any of the other animals. One day, Penelope's mom noticed a lion waiting at the gate because he wanted to get in, but the lion had no ticket. Penelope's mom carried Penelope on her shoulders to the gate to see what was going on with the lion. The lion was crying because he said it's not fair that he doesn't get to go in just because he's a lion. Penelope told the impala that maybe they should let the lion in if they asked if the lion was nice. The lion said he was nice and wasn't tricking.

Penelope's mom asked the lion if he was a good lion or a bad lion. The lion stopped crying, and he told Penelope's mom that he was actually a good lion and he didn't like to eat other animals. He was a lion that just liked to eat watermelon. The watermelon-eating lion told Penelope's mom that his name was Liggy. Penelope told her mom that Liggy the lion could come in and have fun at the concert. All of the animals were a little bit scared as Liggy lion was walking by in the farm, passing so many animals. Liggy Lion told all the other animals not to worry. When he got really close to the hippopotamuses, he saw they were singing. Liggy Lion said that he knows how to sing also.

Liggy Lion went to the center of the muddy bath that the hippopotamuses were in, and he started to sing a song with them. The song was so good that even if you were on the moon, you could hear it a little bit. Liggy Lion told Penelope that he was so grateful and so happy that Penelope let him in, that he told Penelope that she could have a lion ride whenever she wanted. The next day, Penelope and her mom went for a ride on Liggy Lion through the savannah.

As they were going by, Liggy Lion said, "Guys, do you notice something about the moon today?" Penelope looked up at the moon, and Liggy Lion said, "It looks like it's falling down a little bit." Penelope said the moon was getting bigger and asked her mom if the moon was falling towards the Earth. Liggy Lion said it looked like there was a spider web attached to the moon, and the spider web connected the moon all the way to the Earth. Penelope said it looked like the spider web was attached to the clouds in the sky. Penelope's mom said it looked like the moon was sticking to the Earth, and it was sticking to the clouds and to a lot of different trees because there were spider webs holding the moon in place.

Liggy Lion looked a little bit more closely and saw that there was a big, colorful spider making a big spider web to hold the moon in place so it didn't fall all the way down onto the Earth. They decided that this colorful spider was actually a hero because they wouldn't want the moon to fall on Earth. Penelope, Liggy lion, and Penelope's mom shouted, "Hip, hip, hooray for the hero colorful spider that was being nice and making such a big spider web all the way from the Earth, all the way from the trees, all the way from the clouds to hold onto the moon so it wouldn't fall down." The moon stayed in place until some fixermen came to fix the moon, and it was able to stay up all by itself.

Penelope, her mom, Liggy lion, and everyone else on Penelope's farm lived happily ever after. The end.