You welcome to makeup, the kids bedtime stories podcast. I'm your host, Steve. I make up new stories on the fly every day to put my five year old son to sleep. Story requests come from listeners like you. If you want to request a story, then let us know your name and something you want to be in the story. If you want a shout out or know someone whose birthday is coming up, connect with us in two twitter Facebook at makeup stories. If you like this podcast, please subscribe and leave us a five star review. And now we're ready for today's story. Tonight's makeup story is a request of a listener named Penelope, who's four years old and asked for us to make up a story about a lion, a hippo, and the moon. Once upon a time, long time ago, there lived a four year old girl named Penelope. Penelope grew up in a hut outside in the savannah. The savannah is a place where there are lots of wild animals, including alligators, lions, hippopotamuses, buffalo, impala, and tons of other animals, including cheetahs. Well, Penelope grew up in a hut on the savannah, and instead of having a regular farm next to her hut, she had a hippopotamus farm. Hippopotamuses are very big and very fat animals that love to live in swampy or rivery places, but they don't like it to live in rivers where the weather goes too fast. So in Penelope's farm, they had just like, a big humongous pool, even bigger than a regular grown up pool, and even bigger than it was, longer than, like, four fire trucks, and they filled it with mud, and they had hippopotamuses there. The hippopotamuses that lived on Penelope's farm in the savannah were really silly because these hippopotamuses knew how to sing. Now, most hippopotamuses that live in the wild, they can't sing, they can make some funny noises, and they could show their big hippopotamus mouths, but when they try to sing, no song comes out. These hippopotamuses were so silly because they sang Mary had a little lamb all the time. And they would say, mary had a little lamb, a little lamb, a little lamb. Mary had a little lamb whose fleece was white as snow. Everywhere that Mary went. That mary went that mary went Everywhere that Mary went. Herd lambs would go as well. And as the hippopotamuses would sing together, some birds would come for the concert and fly overhead on top of Penelope's farm. And there would also sometimes be other animals, like lizards, that would join for the concert that the hippopotamuses would put on. And special fireflies would come if they would sing at night to light up the concert. Because fireflies are like little bugs, little flies that make dots of light in the sky. And sometimes some of the concert goers also included hyenas. When the hyenas thought that the hippopotamuses would sing something kind of funny, they would laugh. So much. And there were also other attendees. That means people who went to the concerts that were like wild dogs, and dogs that live in the wild have no leash. They just run around in packs, and everyone would love the concert. And all animals were allowed on Penelope's farm, except for lions, because Penelope told her parents, lions are too big and their teeth are too big to be allowed on the farm. She didn't want any of the lions to eat any of the other animals, because that wouldn't have been so nice. Well, Penelope was walking around the hippopotamus concert one day, walking around lots of different animals and holding her mama's hand. And her mama noticed that there was a lion waiting at the gate because he wanted to get in, but the lion had no ticket. And so Penelope told her mom that her mama should put Penelope on her shoulders. And Penelope's mama carried Penelope on her shoulders. And then Penelope told her mom to walk up to the gate and to see what's going on with the lion. So Penelope's mom gave Penelope a shoulder ride all the way to the gate to the farm. And when she got there, she saw that the lion was crying, and she had never seen a lion cry before. When lions cry, their tears are so big, they could make like a whole puddle, and their nose gets kind of runny. Well, the lion was crying because he said it's not fair that he doesn't get to go in just because he's a lion. And the person who is at the gate checked the lion's ticket and said, your ticket says lion, so you're not allowed. And that was an impala that checked the lion's ticket. And Penelope told the impala that maybe they should let the lion in if they asked if the lion was nice. And the lion said, yes, it was nice, and it wasn't tricking. And so Penelope told her mom to ask the lion if it was a nice lion. And Penelope's mama went up to the lion and said, you don't have to cry a lion. It's okay. Are you a good lion or a bad lion? And the lion stopped crying, and he rubbed his eyes with his paws, and he told Penelope's mama that he was actually a good lion and he didn't like to eat other animals. He was a lion that just liked to eat watermelon. And so that was a watermelon eating lion. And the watermelon eating lion told Penelope's mama that his name was Liggy. And Penelope told her mama that Liggy the lion could come in and have fun at the concert. Well, all of the animals were a little bit scared as Liggy lion was walking by in the farm, passing so many animals. And some of the animals, like the zebra, which are like big horses that are white and black and have a lot of stripes, the zebra ran away just as the lion was coming, where Liggy Lion told all the other animals not to worry. And when he got really close to the hippopotamuses, he saw the hippopotamuses were singing. And Liggy Lion said that he knows how to sing also. And so he went to the center of the muddy bath that the hippopotamuses were in, the bath that was so, so big, like, even bigger than a grown up pool. And the lion went in it and got so muddy, and he started to sing a song with the hippopotamuses. And the song was so good that even if you were on the moon, you could hear it a little bit, because when the hippopotamuses and lion were singing together, they faced their mouths up into the sky, and lions could roar pretty loudly, but they could also sing pretty loudly. Well, they had such a good concert. And Liggy Lion told Penelope that he was so grateful and so thankful and so happy that Penelope let the lion in, that Liggy Lion told Penelope that she could have a lion ride whenever she wanted. And so Penelope told her mom that that would be a fun idea. The next day, Penelope and her mom went for a ride on Liggy Lion through the savannah. As they were going by, Liggy Lion said, guys, do you notice something about the moon today? And Penelope looked up at the moon, and Liggy Lion says, It looks like it's falling down a little bit. And Penelope said, yeah, the moon is getting bigger. And she asked her mom if the moon is falling towards the Earth. And Liggy Line said, it looks like there's a spider web attached to the moon, and the spider web connects the moon all the way to the Earth. And then Penelope said, oh, and it looks like the spider web is attached to the clouds in the sky. And Penelope's mom said, It looks like the moon is sticking to the Earth, and it's sticking to the clouds and to a lot of different trees because there's spider webs holding the moon in place. And as they said that, Liggy Lion looked a little bit more closely, and he saw that it was also raining. And the spider web that was holding the moon in place was getting really wet. And so you can see that there was a bug on it that was slipping. And the bug was like a big spider, but it was red and yellow and green, and this bug was so big, it was even bigger than the lion and was making a big spider web to hold the moon in place so it didn't fall all the way down onto the Earth. And they decided that this kind of colorful spider was actually a hero because we wouldn't want the moon to fall on Earth. And Penelope. And Liggy lion and Penelope's. Mama shouted, Hip, hip. Parade for the hero colorful spider that was being nice and making such a big spider web all the way from the Earth, all the way from the trees, all the way from the clouds to hold on to the moon so it wouldn't fall down. And it was such a big spider web, and it really worked. So the moon stayed in place until some fixermen came to fix the moon, and it was able to stay up all by itself. And Penelope and her mama and the lion, Mr. Liggy lion, and everyone else on Penelope's farm lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. We're so happy to have you as a listener. Remember to subscribe and also to leave a five star review on itunes.