Hello. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Miller. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hi. My name is Miller. I'm five years old, and I live in Brisbane, Australia. And I would like a story about out a ice cream land, a palm tree that's made of gummy bears, and a ginger cat. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Milla, who's five years old and who lives in Brisbane, Australia. Milla asked for us to make up a story that includes a ice cream land, a palm tree that's made of gummy bears, and a ginger cat. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a princess whose name was Milla. Milla lived in a crayon world where all of the buildings and all of the castles and all of the houses in the land were colored with crayon on the outside. And all of the roofs had different color crayon. And if grownups wanted, they could even use crayons to make rainbows on the roof. And all of the sidewalks in the whole city had lots of different chalk patterns. And in the streets, there were hopscotch patterns. And some of the cars were silly because they could jump up and down, and there was a kind of hopscotch that cars had to go on, and different wheels would bounce back and forth. In the land that Milla lived, she was a princess, and her parents were the King and the Queen. And as the royal family of the crayon land, milla one day saw that outside of her garden, where there were so many tulips and different color flowers, there was a bridge that was growing, and it was a stone bridge. And as you looked at it, new pieces of stone would come on, and the stone bridge led all the way to a rainbow in the sky. So Milla got her parents, the King and the Queen, and she showed her parents that there was really a stone bridge that was appearing in the sky and that it led to a rainbow. And Milla's parents said that it was a good idea for them to go on the stone bridge, which was magical and which was building itself. So Milla and her parents held hands, and they walked on the stone bridge through the sky all the way past some clouds until they got on the rainbow. When Milla and her parents were safely on the rainbow, they looked on both sides of them, and Milla saw that on one side there was a genie who was taking a bath and splashing all around the clouds. And Milla's parents also looked on the other side, and they saw that there was a silly kind of giraffe that was made of balloons and was floating in the sky. And Milla said a kid from the ground must have let that go a long time ago, and it was still a flying, floating balloon giraffe flying in the sky. Well, Milla and her parents walked on the rainbow until they saw a sign that pointed to the right, and the sign said Ice Cream Land. So Milla and her parents thought it would be a very good idea to go to the ice cream land, because Milla once read in a book a long time ago that there was a land in the sky called ice cream land, which is where all the people who are the best at making ice cream in the whole world, where they go for a competition once a year to figure out who could make the yummiest ice cream. And all of the kids, the girls and boys that lived in Ice Cream Land, they would get to judge to see which one they liked the best. And every kid in Ice Cream Land got one vote and they could choose which ice cream they liked the most. And all of the grown up ice cream makers would come from far and wide and they would have different kinds of ice cream made of like, strawberry ice cream. They would have vanilla ice cream. They would have watermelon ice cream, cantaloupe ice cream, plum ice cream, sugar ice cream, custard ice cream, cupcake ice cream. And even there was one ice cream maker who is old and used a cane to walk around that had a kind of lollipop ice cream. And the lollipop ice cream was red and blue, and whenever you ate it, it made your eyes turn red. And kids loved the lollipop ice cream to do party tricks to their friends, they would eat a little bit of the kind of lollipop ice cream. And as they ate it, instead of just their tongue changing colors, their eyes did too, and everyone thought it was really funny. Well, Milla arrived in ice cream land, holding her parents hand. And all of the kids who lived in Ice Cream Land looked at Milla and they saw that she was a princess. So all of the kids stood up and there were two monkeys that had a carpet. And the monkeys rolled out the red carpet for Milla and her parents, the King and Queen, to enter Ice Cream Land. And Milla and her parents slowly walked down the red carpet waving at all of the kids who were looking at them as they walked straight to the center of Ice Cream Town. In the center of Ice Cream Town, there was a water fountain, but instead of shooting out water, it was milkshake. And the milkshake would go all about and there were sprinkles that would sprinkle on top of the milkshake. And there were special water fountains that just made sprinkles go out of them. And there were sugar cubes that were floating all over the rivers. And Milla went to the center of Ice Cream Town and all of the ice cream store owners from the whole world were gathered there. And it was the final of the final, the time when they were choosing the very best ice cream in the world. After all of the kids tried the runner ups. And the ice cream maker who is in charge of the event said, milla, can you try this? Because we think it might be the yummiest ice cream in the world. And he handed Milla a type of ice cream that was in the shape of a unicorn that had sprinkles and whipped cream coming out of it, and that also had little pieces of chocolate and caramel. And Milla looked at it, and when she smelled it, it didn't smell like ice cream. It smelled a little bit more like cupcake that just came out of the oven. And Milla looked at it, and she told the head ice cream person that she actually didn't like an ingredient. And the head ice cream person clapped his hands on top of the ice cream. And then there was a little cloud that came on top of the ice cream. And just as he poofed, just like that, it became a rainbow sprinkle ice cream. And all of the kids cheered, and Milla said it was the right one. And she tasted the rainbow sprinkle ice cream, and as she tasted it, she decided that it really was the yummiest ice cream ever. So she gave the ice cream maker a Golden Star award. And everyone was so happy that they clapped for Milla and her whole family. And as Milla and her family walked around, they saw that there weren't just people that lived in ice cream land, that there were also kitty cats all over, and that kitty cats like ice cream, too. And some of the kitty cats in ice cream land, they were assistants. And they helped the ice cream makers, like stir the milk and do different little things that Kitties could do. And kitty cats were sometimes also the taste testers to see how yummy the ice cream was, because Kitties also do like good ice cream. And Milla saw that there was one ginger cat that's a kind of cat that's like a light orangeish reddish color. And Milla saw that the ginger cat was eating some of the rainbow sprinkle ice cream. And as Milla saw the ginger cat was eating the rainbow sprinkle ice cream, she saw its eyes turned into people eyes. And when Milla ate her rainbow sprinkle ice cream, she was able to get kitty powers, too. And Milla and the ginger cat figured out how to talk in meows that the kitty cat really could understand and that Milla really knew how to make. And there were different kinds of meows. And the ginger cat said it wanted to be Milla's pet forever. And Milla took it back to her castle, across the rainbow, after the bridge that went into the sky, back to the crayon land. And Milla and her family lived happily ever after. The end.