Once upon a time, a long, long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. They lived in a very ancient world, even before the dinosaurs and before there were regular trees and different kinds of plants on Earth. At this time, so long ago, there were aliens that used to visit Earth. These aliens were good guy aliens. Most aliens that are in stories are not real, but these were good guy aliens.

Just like on Earth, where you might find apple trees and grapes that grow on vines, if you go really far into outer space, there are trees so big that the apples that grow on the trees are whole planets. On those apple planets, there are different kinds of aliens that live there, eat the apples, and dig tunnels in the apples. There are also vines that grow in outer space, or at least used to in the olden days. Grapes grow on those vines, and there are different kinds of aliens that live in those grapes. These grapes are made by the aliens.

The aliens don't have babies like people do. Instead, when the aliens are ready to have babies, they make seeds come out of them. They plant the seeds, and the seeds can turn into whole planets. They could give birth to a grape planet by planting a grape seed, or they could make a banana seed to create a banana planet. When these aliens wanted to go on vacation, they would take their rocket ships to Earth. At this time, Earth was dry, and there was no water on Earth. One of the aliens, who came from a planet that was made of a big apple, decided that he would have all of the aliens in outer space use water guns to squirt apple juice all over Earth. A million different aliens pointed their water guns towards Earth and squirted so much apple juice all over the planet.

Remember, this was before there were oceans, lakes, water, people, or dinosaurs. They poured so much apple juice on Earth that the whole planet got flooded. No matter where you went on Earth, there was a big flood. At this time, there were only two people that lived on Earth, Jonah and Jesse. They saw that the whole planet was getting flooded with apple juice, so they decided to go to their house. The door was already closed, and the chimney was the only way in because the door was underwater. Jonah and Jesse had to climb up a rope to get to their chimney and then use that same rope to go down the chimney into their house.

Jonah and Jesse decided that the only way they could survive was to build a submarine. They used all of the toys they could find, glue, and different tools to put stuff together to make a submarine. They used a hammer to break open the window, went in their submarine, and traveled through the apple juice that was filling up their house. They managed to go under the apple juice ocean. But the aliens kept using their water guns to squirt more apple juice on the planet. Jonah and Jesse didn't know where the apple juice was coming from because the aliens were too high up for them to see. So they had to go all over the Earth in their submarine until they reached the tippy top of the highest mountain on Earth. Today, the highest mountain on Earth is Mount Everest, but back then, Mount Everest used to be at the bottom of the ocean because the land on Earth moves over time. The highest mountain on Earth was in a continent called Gadwana, and the highest mountain was called Wadanga.

They navigated their submarine until they reached that mountain. They parked their submarine and climbed up to the top of the mountain. Since they couldn't park the submarine right next to the mountain without a rope, they attached it to the mountain with a chain. They tied the chain around a rock on the mountain so the submarine wouldn't slide away. Jonah and Jesse climbed to the tippy top of the mountain, and when they got there, they were closer to outer space. They saw the aliens with their water guns squirting out apple juice. The aliens also saw Jonah and Jesse. The aliens didn't realize that there were people living on the planet because they thought this was before the time of people. There weren't even any dinosaurs yet. When they saw people, they said they were sorry for squirting so much apple juice on the planet.

One of the aliens said that he had a big vacuum cleaner, and he was going to use the vacuum cleaner to suck out all of the apple juice that was on the planet. Jesse had a different idea. He said, "How about you just suck out all of the sugar that's in the apple juice and leave the water part?" The alien agreed, and he sucked out all of the sugar using his special vacuum cleaner. What was left was a bunch of water, and that's what turned into the oceans we see today. It originally started as apple juice from all of the aliens squirting their water guns, but now all of the aliens had died.

After they did that, there was so much sugar in outer space that, because of gravity, the sugar clumped together and formed big clouds. Some of the aliens were used to fruit because their planets were made of apples or grapes, which have a little bit of sugar but not too much. The aliens weren't used to eating so much sugar, and when some of them ate the sugar that they vacuumed out of the apple juice from Earth, they died. After those aliens died, all of outer space forgot about the planet called Earth, and that's why they never visited again.

But Jonah and Jesse found a secret cave to hide in on that mountain in the continent of Gudwana. They hid there for thousands of years until the first people came. After lots of different people came, Jonah and Jesse came out of their hiding place and explained to everyone how the oceans came to be. Jonah and Jesse lived happily ever after. The end.