Aya idai welcome to made up stories. My name is Noah. Made up stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. AI. Okay, Jesse, what do you want tonight's makeup story to be about? Part half of an ear that can make your feeling more better. Okay, so half of an ear that can make your hearing more better. Once upon a time, a long, long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse lived in a really ancient earth. It was so old, it was even before the dinosaurs, and it was even before there were regular trees and different kinds of plants on the earth. And at this time, so long ago, there were aliens that used to visit earth. And the aliens, aliens were good guy aliens. Most aliens that are in all universe in space, they're not real because it's just story. Yeah, most aliens are not real. And these were good guy aliens. And just as in earth, you might find trees, like apple trees, and there's grapes that grow in vines and stuff. If you go really far into outer space, there's trees that are so big that the apples that grow on the trees are whole planets. And on those apples that are whole planets, there's different kinds of aliens that live there and eat the apples, and they dig tunnels in the apples, and they make different kinds of equipment. And there's also vines that grow in outer space, or at least used to in the olden days. And they're like grapes that grow on those vines. And there's different kinds of aliens that live in those grapes. And this was before aliens. This is different. The aliens those grapes get made by the aliens. Yeah. And the aliens also, they don't make babies like people. Instead, when the aliens are ready to have babies, the aliens make seeds go out of them. And then the seeds, like, they plant the seeds. And then the seeds, they could turn into whole planets. So they could give birth to a grape planet by planting a grape seed. Or they could make a banana seed to come up with a banana planet. And all of those aliens, when they used to want to go on vacation, what they would do is they would take their rocket ships to go to earth. And at this time, earth was dry. There was no water on earth. And so one of the aliens who came from a planet that was made of a big apple, he decided that he would have all of the aliens in outer space use water guns to squirt apple juice all over earth. And there was like a million different aliens that pointed their water guns towards earth, and they squirted so much apple juice all over the planet earth. And remember, this is before there were oceans or lakes or water or people or dinosaurs or anything like that. And they poured so much apple juice on Earth that the whole planet got flooded. No matter where you went in earth, there was a big flood. And at this time, there were only two people that lived jonah and Jesse. And Jonah and Jesse saw that the whole planet was getting flooded with apple juice, so they decided to go to the house. The door was already closed, and the chimney was the only way in, because guess what happened? The door was underwater. Yeah. And Jonah and Jesse wanted to go to their house, but the door was underwater, so they had to climb up a rope to get to their chimney and then use that same rope to go down the chimney into their house. And then Jonah and Jesse decided that the only way they could survive was to build a submarine. So they used all of the toys they could and the glue that they had and different instruments to put stuff together to make a submarine. And then they used a hammer to bang open the window, and they went in their submarine, and they went through the apple juice that was filling up their house, and they managed to go under the apple juice ocean. But the aliens, they kept using their water guns to squirt more apple juice on the planet. And Jonah and Jesse, they didn't know where the apple juice was coming from because the aliens were too high up for them to see. So Jonah and Jesse, they had to go all over the earth in their submarine until finally they went to the tippy top of the highest mountain on earth. And today, the highest mountain on earth is mount Everest. But back then, Mount Everest used to be in the bottom of the ocean because the land on earth moves over time. And the highest mountain on earth was in a continent called Gadwana. And the highest mountain was called Wadanga. And they navigated their submarine till they got to that mountain, and then they parked their submarine and they climbed up to the top of the mountain. When they got to the top of the mountain, since they couldn't park it, like, just like making the summary and park it right next to mountain without a rope, so they attached it to the mountain with a chain. Yeah, so they attached their submarine to they tied it using a chain around a rock on the mountain so it wouldn't just slide away. And Jesse and Jonah climbed to the tippy top of the mountain, and when they got to the top of the mountain, they were closer to outer space, and they saw the aliens with their water guns that were squirting out apple juice. And the aliens also saw Jonah and Jesse. And the aliens didn't realize that there were people that lived on the planet because they thought this was before the time of people. There weren't even any dinosaurs yet. And when they saw people, they said they were sorry for squirting so much apple juice on the planet. And one of the aliens said that he had a big vacuum cleaner, and he was going to use the vacuum cleaner to suck out all of the apple juice that was on the planet. And Jesse said that he had a different idea. He said, how about you just suck out all of the sugar that's in the apple juice and you leave the water part? And the alien said, okay. And he sucked out all of the sugar using his special vacuum cleaner, and then what was left was a bunch of water. And that's what turned into the oceans that we see today. So it originally started as apple juice from all of the aliens squirting their water guns, but now all of the aliens died. Yeah, and after they did that, when there was so much sugar in outer space, because of gravity, the sugar kind of went together, and it formed big clumps in outer space. And the clumps were clouds. Yeah, and the clumps were kind of like clouds. And there were some of the aliens that they were so used to fruit because their planets were made of, like, apples or grapes or something like that. And fruit has, like, a little bit of sugar, but not too much. And there were some has, like, a quarm of juice. That's how much sugar has. Yeah. And the aliens weren't used to eating so much sugar. And so when some of the aliens ate that much sugar that they vacuumed out of the apple juice from Earth, and that went into the clouds of sugar and outer space, some of the aliens had so much sugar that they just died. And after those aliens died, all of outer space, they forgot that there was the planet called Earth. And that's why they never visited again, because they can't visit, because some of the aliens were dead, and they couldn't even visit. But Jonah and Jesse, they found, like, a secret cave to hide in in that mountain on the continent of Gudwana. And that's where they hid for thousands of years until eventually the first people came. And then after lots of different people came, eventually Jonah and Jesse came out of their hiding place, and they explained to everyone how the oceans came to be. And Jesse and Jonah lived happily ever after. The end. Thank you for listening to makeup stories. I am Peaching. I am go to makeup store.com. Enjoy the club. Join the club. Tell your friends. Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup stories. And I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www dot. Storybird AI again. If you want a story then ask your parents to please go to www dot Storybird. AI it's really easy to use.