Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Remy. Most big girls and boys live in houses or apartments, but Remy lived on a sailboat. The sailboat had giant sails that looked like triangles, and it floated on the water. The sailboat also had a big deck. On the deck, there was a doggie named Fluff. Fluff had lots of fun on the deck. Fluff was in charge of mopping the deck and cleaning it up. Fluff knew how to use a mop and cleaned the sailboat's deck.

Remy's mama and dada were both captains of the ship. They wore special captain hats and sailing uniforms. Remy also had a special hamster that lived in a cage on the boat. One day, her parents told Remy they were off to sail to the North Pole. As they started to sail, Remy heard some tweet tweeting. She looked and saw a colorful parrot coming. The parrot was carrying a necklace with a message attached to it. The parrot went to the top of the sails and dropped the necklace with the message. Guess who caught it? It was Fluff! Fluff brought the necklace and the special message to Remy.

Remy looked at the necklace and thought it was so pretty because it had lots of different colors and was shiny. She opened the message and had trouble reading it because she was still learning letters. She thought it said, "Secret in the North Pole and we need chocolate." So she asked her mom to read it. Her mom said, "Well, Remy, it's a good thing we're sailing to the North Pole because this says there is going to be a polar bear there, and it says something about chocolate." Remy asked, "What should we do?" Her mama said they should stop at a chocolate store, buy lots of chocolate, a sprinkler, and a heater.

So they went back to the dock and docked in Massachusetts. They got a sprinkler, a hose, lots of chocolate, and a heater. Then they brought all those things on the boat. As they started sailing, their dada said, "Dumbbellard the sails." The mama said, "The sails are dumbbellord." Remy asked, "What does that mean?" Fluff said, "Woof, woof." The hamster started running on its wheel, and they sailed to the North Pole.

As they got closer, the wind blew harder, and it got colder. Remy was glad she had her favorite blankie, mittens, gloves, and a special hat. It got really cold and snowy. There was a snowstorm in the ocean, and snow covered the sailboat. Remy's dada said they needed to clear the snow so nobody would slip and get a boo-boo. Fluff came to the rescue and shoveled the snow with his mouth. They continued to the North Pole.

When they got closer, they saw giant pieces of ice floating in the water. They sailed between the ice pieces, and it got colder. When they reached the North Pole, Remy saw ice everywhere. They anchored the ship and walked down a ramp to the North Pole.

At the North Pole, they saw the parrot again. Remy was surprised to see the same parrot that delivered the necklace. Fluff barked at the parrot, and the parrot said, "Tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet." Remy didn't know why the parrot was doing that. They followed the parrot, and suddenly they saw a big white polar bear and a unicorn. The polar bear was friends with the unicorn, and they both lived in the North Pole.

The polar bear and the unicorn asked Remy if she got the necklace with the message. Remy said she did, and it had a message about chocolate. They asked if Remy brought any chocolate, and she said they had lots of chocolate. The polar bear and the unicorn wanted to have a chocolate sprinkler party. Remy's mom and dad melted the chocolate, put it in the hose, and connected it to the sprinkler. The sprinkler sprayed chocolate everywhere.

Remy had a chocolate dance party with the polar bear and the unicorn. It was yummy because they all got to taste the chocolate. They had a fun party, and the parrot danced too. Remy realized the polar bear and the unicorn were nice. Even her hamster, Sweetie, came out and tasted some chocolate. They were all so happy.

Afterwards, they left the North Pole and went back home. But Remy never forgot her adventure at the North Pole. Remy and her family lived happily ever after. The end.