Welcome to makeup. The Kids Bedtime Womb is tonight's makeup story is a request from a big girl named Remy. Remy asked for us to make up a story about her hamster named Sweetie, her dog named Fluff, and unicorns. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Remy. Most big girls and most big boys live in houses or in apartments, but Remy was a big girl who lived on a sailboat. The sailboat had giant sails that looked like triangles, and it also was in the water. And the sailboat had a big deck on it. And on the deck there used to be a doggie, and the doggie's name was Fluff. Fluff had a lot of fun on the deck. And Fluff was a doggie that was in charge of mopping the deck and cleaning it up. And the doggie named Fluff knew how to use a mop and used to clean up the sailboat's deck. Well, Remy's mama and dada were both the captains of the ship, and they wore special captain hats and special sailing uniforms. And Remy also had a special hamster that lived in a cage on the boat. One day, her parents told Remy they were off to sail to the North Pole. And as they started to sail off to the North Pole, remy heard some tweet tweeting. And when she looked off to the distance, she found that a colorful parrot was coming. And the colorful parrot was carrying a necklace that had a message attached to it. And the colorful parrot went to the top of the sails of the boat, and it put the necklace with the message on the top sail, and it fell all the way down. And do you know who caught it? It was the doggie named Fluff. The doggie named Fluff caught the necklace with the message that the parrot left off. And Fluff the doggie brought the necklace and the special message that the parrot delivered straight to Remy. And Remy looked at the necklace and she said it was so pretty because it had lots of different colors and was shiny. And she opened up the message and she was still learning letters, so she had trouble reading it exactly, but she thought that it said, secret in the North Pole and we need chocolate. And so she asked her mom to read it to make sure. And her mom said, well, Remy, it's a good thing we're sailing to the North Pole, because this says there is going to be a polar bear in the North Pole, and it says something about chocolate. And so Remy said, what should we do? And Remy's mama said that before they go, they should stop off at a chocolate store and put a lot of chocolate in the boat, and then they should also buy a sprinkler and a heater. So they went back to the dock and docked in Massachusetts. And when they docked there, they got a sprinkler and a hose and a lot of chocolate and a heater. And then they brought all of those things on the boat. And when they started going on the boat, their captain, their dada, said, Dumbbellard the sails. And the mama said, the sails are dumbbellord. And Remy said, what does that mean? And the doggy fluff said Woof. Woof. And the hamster started to run around its wheels and they started sailing to the north. As they got closer to the North Pole, the wind started blowing harder. It felt like a cool air was hitting them in the face, and it got kind of cold. It was a good thing that Remy brought her favorite blankie with her and had also mittens and gloves and a special hat, because as they got closer to the North Pole, it got really cold and really snowy. And as they were sailing, there started to be a snowstorm in the ocean. And the snow went all the way down on the sailboat. And their data said there shouldn't be too much snow on the sailboat, because if there's too much snow on the sailboat, no, but it will be too slippy and somebody could fall and get a boo boo. And do you know who shoveled? Who? The doggie doggy named Fluff came to the rescue and held a shovel with his mouth and started shoveling the snow on the sailboat. And they continued on their way to the North Pole. When they got closer to the North Pole, they started to see pieces of ice floating in the water. It wasn't little pieces of ice like you might see, like an ice cube in your drink. These were giant pieces of ice. Some of them were bigger than cars. And they started to sail in between the giant pieces of ice, and it got colder and colder. When they got closer to the North Pole, remy saw that there was ice everywhere and the ocean was ending, and it was just ice. And so she told her dad to anchor the ship and they would get off there and that they would be at the North Pole. And it was so icy. So Remy's dad and mama set the anchor and they put the plank on the ship. And the plank was like a ramp, really, and they walked down the ramp to the North Pole. When they got to the North Pole, they saw the parrot again. And Remy said what? That same parrot that delivered the necklace is here in the North Pole. And her doggy Fluff barked at the parrot, and the parrot said, Tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet. And Remy did not know why the parrot was doing that. Well, as she started to follow the parrot, her mama and dadda, I need to go on the boat to get job. Her mama and the dadda, they were all walking on the ice and wearing their snow boots, and the parrot was going slow so that they could follow the parrot. And suddenly it stopped snowing, and they were able to see two things. The first was a big white polar bear. And Remy looked at the big white polar bear. It was so tall. It was taller than a grown up person. It was probably about as tall as a little tree. And it was all white, and it had big paws and it had dark eyes. Wasn't as tall as that poison elephant. There was once a person, olden days, who lived to be 8ft eleven inches tall, which is taller than an Asian elephant. And the polar bear was not taller than this man, but it was almost as tall. And when it stood up on its feet and growled and put its paws the highest in the air, then it was taller. And so Remy asked her parents if they should be scared. But just as she said that, the parrot landed on the polar bear's shoulders, and the polar bear turned around. And when he turned around, do you know who came out of the dust? A unicorn. And the polar bear went on the unicorn for a ride. And the unicorn had a rainbow color horn. I didn't know unicorns are that big. Unicorns are so strong and so fast and so elegant and so graceful, and they're able to carry a polar bear. And the polar bear told Remy that it was this unicorn's friend and that they both lived in the North Pole and they didn't get a lot of visitors. Or didn't the unicorn tell the doggie and the doggie told the people? Yeah. Sometimes it was hard for Remy to understand what the polar bear was saying. So the unicorn and the polar bear talked to the doggie, and the doggie said, woof woof to the people so they would understand. Well, when the polar bear and the unicorn started talking to Remy, they told Remy that they wondered if she got any kind of necklace with a message. And Remy said that she did. And they asked what it said. And Remy told them that it had a message about chocolate. And they asked Remy if Remy brought any chocolate. And Remy said that their parents stopped off and got a lot of chocolate. And then they decided that because the North Pole was so white, the unicorn and the polar bear wanted to have a chocolate sprinkler party. And the way it worked is their parents had to put so much chocolate and get it hot so it melted, and have that go through a hose and attach the hose to the sprinkler. And then the sprinkler, instead of spraying out water, would spray out chocolate. And so Remy told her mom and dada to melt the chocolate and put it in the hose and have the hose connected to the sprinkler. And then the sprinkler would spritz out and spray chocolate everywhere. And then Remy had a chocolate dance party with the polar bear and the unicorn. And it was so yummy because they all got to taste some of the chocolate. And they had such a fun party. And the parrot danced for the party too. And Remy realized that the polar bear was nice and the unicorn was nice. And even her hamster named Sweetie came out and tasted some of the chocolate. And they were all so happy. Afterwards, they left the North Pole and went back home. But Remy never forgot her adventure on the North Pole. And Remy and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they will like it.