Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime rumpus. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a five year old listener named Zoe who lives in a country called Israel. And Zoe asked for us to make up a story that includes a flying lion and pirates, and we are going to add a purple Ted bear that's magic to the story and also a unicorn. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old girl named Zoe. Zoe lived right near the beach where there was so much sand, and next to the beach, there was a big ocean. And the name of the ocean was Rainbow Ocean. The reason Rainbow Ocean was called Rainbow Ocean is because the water would change colors in the morning time. It was blue, and then it turned green, and then the water would turn yellow when it was lunchtime. And then if it was time for a snack, it would turn a little bit reddish. And then later in the day, when it was time to go to sleep, the water in the ocean would turn purple. And there were a lot of rainbows that used to go over the Rainbow Ocean. Well, one day, Zoe was walking on the beach right next to Rainbow Ocean, and she found that there was a purple teddy bear. And the purple teddy bear was right on the sand. And the purple teddy bear told Zoe that it was a magic teddy bear. And Zoe said, well, what kind of magic can you do? And the teddy bear said, Watch me. And suddenly, as Zoe was looking, the teddy bear started to fly. And as the teddy bear started to fly, some kind of special magic dust started pouring out from the teddy bear's feet. And then the teddy bear started to circle his teddy bear arms round and round, and he started to sing Wheels on the Bus. And as he was singing Wheels on the Bus, the teddy bear said, Poof. And suddenly the Rainbow Ocean that was right next to them turned into a cake. The whole entire ocean turned into it was the yummiest cake because it had different kinds of frosting ginormous cake. It was the biggest cake ever. And Zoe asked the magic teddy bear how the magic teddy bear turned the Rainbow Ocean into the biggest cake in the world. And the magic teddy bear said that it knew special magic words. And Zoe asked, what were they? And the teddy bear said, avra, kidd avra. And Zoe said, okay, what happens if you say it again? And the teddy bear started jumping around in the air, and then it got a jump rope and was doing the jump rope in the air. And after it got a jump rope, it started bouncing and going high uppie and low down, and it was doing a lot of silly things. And then other teddy bears started coming, and there was a green teddy bear and a yellow teddy bear. And all of the teddy bears said, we made a flying lion. And suddenly from on top of the cake, that was the middle of the ocean, because the whole ocean turned into a cake. Right in middle of that cake, there was a lion. And the lion said, and it was a really big lion. And chasing the lion were some pirates. The pirates didn't have a regular pirate ship because their regular pirate ship broke when the ocean turned into a cake, the pirates were using a tractor, and they were driving over the big cake on top of the biggest cake in the world that was as big as the whole ocean. They were driving on that cake with a tractor because the pirates boat, the pirate's ship, broke, and they didn't even mind that it was getting the cake dirty. And they were chasing the lion. And they told the lion that, we're going to get you because they thought the lion was hiding some treasure. And the lion was scared of the pirates because lions are scared of tractors, even though they're so strong. When the pirates got really close to the lion, they said, now we're going to put a net on you, and then we will capture you, and you will have to give us the treasure. But the lion showed that it had secret wings that were right under its legs. And it unflapped its wings, which looked a little bit like butterfly wings, and it started flapping them up. And the lion got so high that it was able to fly away from the pirates and their tractors and the lion. So did they need to use helicopter? And the lion started flying away, and the pirates said, we need to catch that lion. And the pirates decided they would use a helicopter. So they looked around and tried to find a helicopter, but they couldn't find any helicopter in middle of the cake. So the lion, which was still running, flying away from the pirates, flew right up to Zoe, who is on the beach with the teddy bears. And the lion said to Zoe, I am a good lion. My job is to protect people and to protect teddy bears. But guess what? There's some mean pirates that are on the cake. And their ship broke when the ocean turned into a big cake, and they were trying to catch me. And Zoe said she had an idea. Zoe told the lion that the teddy bear knew some magic, and Zoe told the teddy bear that it should use its magic to make the pirates have to go away and go home. And so the teddy bears started bouncing up and down, and they started to do a really silly teddy bear breakdance where they would go on their hands and kick up in the air and turn around and have a lot of fun. And they would say, avra keta avra. And just as they said that. Do you know what happened off in the distance? The pirates tractors stopped working, and the pirates felt a string pull them back away from the cake all the way to an island on the other side of the world where they couldn't be mean to anybody. And after the teddy bears did that magic, the teddy bears and the lion and Zoe decided that they would be friends forever. And the lion told Zoe that the lion also knew where some treasure was. And so the lion showed Zoe that there was a magical treasure box full of bracelets and necklaces and rings and earrings and kid tattoos and even some toys were in the treasure box. And the lion told Zoe that she could have as many treasures as she wanted and share some with her friend. And the lion even helped Zoe carry it back. And do you know how Zoe got back home that day? The lion carried yes. The lion carried Zoe on a flying magic lion ride. And Zoe and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Tell all your friends. Listen to lesson to make up because they like it.