Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five-year-old girl named Maxine. Maxine lived in an igloo, and it was the biggest igloo in the world. It was made of snow, and you could walk inside it. It had a secret door. To open the door of Maxine's igloo, all you had to do was jump on the mat. If you jumped on the mat, the igloo door would open all by itself, and you could go inside. There was a slide that let you go into the igloo, not just a regular door. Once you went down the slide and entered Maxine's igloo, you landed in a sandbox. The sandbox had lots of shovels and buckets.

Maxine had a special thing she liked to do. She would climb a rope out of a window to get out of her igloo. When she reached the top of the igloo, she would jump on it, and it wouldn't even break because it was the strongest igloo. Maxine decided to invite some friends over for a tour of her igloo. She called her friends, and they came over and said, "Hi, Maxine, we want to see your igloo. Can you show it to us?" Maxine said okay. So they all went through the slide that took them from the snow to inside the igloo. Maxine and her friends landed in the sandbox. In the sandbox, there were lots of buckets and shovels, so they all took turns building beautiful sand castles.

The igloo also had a little swimming pool right next to the sandbox. There were some grownups watching. Maxine went with her friends, while the grownups were watching, to play in the little swimming pool inside the igloo. There were some fish in the pool, and even some colorful frogs. Maxine and her friends had never been in a pool inside an igloo before, and the pool had fish in it. They all had a very fun time splashing around and playing with the fish. The fish were all very nice fish.

After Maxine and her friends finished splashing in the pool with the fish, she took her friends to the toy room. The toy room in the igloo was made of Lego, with Lego walls, a Lego ceiling, and a Lego floor. Inside the toy room, there were so many different stuffed animals, race cars, princess toys, and fun toys for kids to play with. Maxine and her friends went through the toy room. As they explored the toy room, Maxine told her friends that they could all choose a toy to play with. One of Maxine's friends decided to play with a toy queen, another one chose a unicorn, and Maxine picked a polar bear.

Maxine and her friends all climbed out the rope to go out of the igloo's chimney and onto the roof. Maxine went with the polar bear first. When they were on the roof of the igloo, Maxine took the polar bear, and she told everyone that the polar bear needed to rescue the queen. One of Maxine's friends had the queen, and the queen went next to the polar bear. The polar bear told the queen that he would rescue her. But then Maxine's other friend had a unicorn, and it was hard for the polar bear to get to the queen. The unicorn told the polar bear that it could give the polar bear a ride, and the unicorn would fly over the snow to the queen. Both the unicorn and Maxine's polar bear could save the queen, and the queen said that was a good idea.

Maxine and her friends took the polar bear because the queen was outside all by herself, and she had no map, no jacket, and she was getting cold and didn't remember the way back to her castle. The polar bear and the unicorn decided to help her get back to the castle. Maxine used the toy polar bear to show that the queen could find a map, and they found a map. The unicorn helped the queen and the polar bear fly to the queen's castle. Maxine rescued the queen. The queen told Maxine that because she rescued her, Maxine could have a special tunnel that connects her igloo to her regular house in Minnesota under the snow. Maxine said that was a good idea.

Maxine and her friends went back to their igloo. When they got to their igloo, they saw there was a new hole in the ground on the floor. Maxine and her friends looked at the hole, and there was a sign that said "Secret Tunnel." There was a light that was blinking, and it was blinking the colors red and green. Maxine and her friends decided to open the secret tunnel door. When they went through the secret tunnel, there was a special sled that took them on an underground snowy tunnel ride all the way back to Maxine's real house.

Maxine and her friends went through the tunnel all the way to Maxine's real house. When they got inside Maxine's real house, they figured out it was really in a closet in her house where the tunnel led to. Maxine and her friends got off the sled, and they told Maxine's parents that they had a special adventure in Maxine's igloo. Maxine's parents asked, "Did you really have a secret igloo?" Maxine told her parents that she really did. If they wanted to go on a sled ride, they could go with her to her secret igloo that has a sled in it, sand, a kiddie pool with some fish in it, and a rope that you could climb out. Maxine's mom and dad said they did want to go with her to her secret igloo another day. Maxine and her family lived happily ever after. The end.