Hi. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Maxine. Hi. My name is Maxine. I'm five years old, and I live in Minnesota, and I like a story about a queen and a polar bear and a unicorn. Thank you. Tonight's Makeup Story is a request from a five year old girl who lives in Minnesota and whose name is Maxine. And Maxine just had a birthday and just turned five in December just a couple of weeks ago. And so we want to say, Happy birthday, Maxine. Happy birthday, Maxine. And Maxine asked for us to make up a story that includes a queen, a polar bear, and a unicorn. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a five year old girl whose name was Maxine. Maxine lived in an igloo, and the igloo was the biggest igloo in the world. It was made of snow, and you can walk inside it. And it had a secret door. When you got to the door of Maxine's igloo, all you had to do was jump on the mat. And if you jumped on the mat, then the igloo door would open all by itself, and you can go inside. There was a slide that let you go into the igloo, not just a regular door. And then once you went down the slide and went into Maxine's igloo, you landed in a sandbox. And the sandbox had a lot of shovels and a lot of buckets. And Maxine had a special thing that she liked to do. She would go out of her igloo by climbing a rope out of a window. Yeah. And then when she got to the top of the igloo, she would jump on top of the igloo, and it wouldn't even break because it was the strongest igloo. But Maxine decided she would invite some friends over for a tour of her igloo. So she called up some of her friends, and Maxine's friends came over, and they said, Hi, Maxine, we want to see your igloo. Can you show it to us? And Maxine said okay. So they all went through the slide that took them from the snow to inside of the igloo. And then Maxine and her friends landed in the sandbox. In the sandbox, there were lots of buckets and lots of shovels, so they all took turns building some nice sand castles. The igloo also had right next to that, a little swimming pool. And there were some grownups watching. And Maxine went with her friends while the grownups were watching to play in the little swimming pool that was in the igloo. And there were some fish in the igloo swimming pool, and there were even some colorful froggies. And Maxine and her friends had never gone in a pool inside an igloo before, and the pool had fish in it. So Maxine and all of her friends had a very fun time splashing around and playing with the fish. The fish were all very nice fish. After Maxine and her friends were done splash, splashing inside the pool with the fish that was in the igloo, she went and she decided to take her friends to the toy room. The toy room in the Igloo was made up of lego, and inside of the toy room, which was made up of lego and had Lego walls and a Lego ceiling and a Lego floor. Inside, there were so many different stuffy animals, and there were so many race cars and there were so many princess toys, and there were so many fun toys for kids to play with. Maxine and her friends went through the toy room. As they were going through the toy room, maxine told her friends that they could all choose a toy to play with. And one of Maxine's friends decided to play with a toy queen, and another one of Maxine's friends decided to play with a unicorn, and Maxine decided to play with a polar bear. And then Maxine and her friends all climbed out the rope to go out of the Igloo's chimney and to go on the roof. And Maxine went with the polar bear first. When they were on the roof of the igloo, maxine took the polar bear, and she told everybody that the polar bear needed to rescue the queen. And one of Maxine's friends had the queen, and the queen went next to the polar bear, and the polar bear told the queen that he was going to rescue it. But then Maxine's other friend had a unicorn, and it was hard for the polar bear to get to the queen. So the unicorn told the polar bear that it could give the polar bear a ride, and the unicorn would fly over the snow to the queen. And then both the unicorn and Maxine's polar bear could save the queen, and the queen said that was a good idea. So Maxine and her friends took the polar bear because the queen was outside all by herself, and she had no map with her, and she had no jacket with her, and she was getting cold and didn't remember the way back to her castle. So the polar bear and the unicorn decided to help her get back to the castle. And so Maxine used the toy polar bear to show that the queen could find a map, and they found a map, and the unicorn helped the queen and the polar bear fly to the queen's castle. And Maxine rescued the queen. And the queen told Maxine that because she rescued her, maxine could have a special tunnel that connects her Igloo to her regular house in Minnesota under the snow. And Maxine said that was a good idea. And so Maxine and her friends went back to their igloo. And when they got to their Igloo, they saw there was a new hole in the ground on the floor. And Maxine and her friends looked at the hole, and there was a sign that said Secret Tunnel. And there was a light that was blinking, and it was blinking the colors red and green. And Maxine and her friends decided to open the secret tunnel door. And when they went through the secret tunnel, there was a special sled that took them in an underground snowy tunnel on a sled ride all the way back to Maxine's real house. And so Maxine and her friends went in the tunnel all the way to Maxine's real house. And when they got inside Maxine's real house, they figured out it was really in a closet in her house where the tunnel led to. So Maxine and her friends got off of the sled, and they told Maxine's parents that they had a special adventure in Maxine's igloo. And Maxine's parents said to Maxine, did you really have a secret igloo? And Maxine told her parents that she really did. And if they wanted to go on a sled ride, they could go with her to her secret Igloo that has a sled in it, and that has sand, and that has a kiddie pool with some fish in it and that has a rope that you could climb out. And Maxine's mom and dad said they did want to go with her to her secret igloo a different day. And Maxine and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Hi. Thank you for listening to Makeup story. Tell all your friends to listen to make those stories. Thank you.