Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a king named King Jonah. He ruled over a kingdom filled with children. He lived in a big castle, and behind his home, he had a special amusement park. King Jonah, being the ruler of the kingdom, had an entire army made of stuffed bears and real ninjas. The ninjas in King Jonah's army wore black pants, black shirts, black shoes, black sunglasses, and black gloves. They could do amazing tricks like climbing trees and jumping from the ground to the top of houses. They were so sneaky; they were even sneakier than the sneakiest of sneaky coyotes. They could move around a town without anyone hearing them. King Jonah practiced his ninja skills every day.

The only people who knew about the ninjas were King Jonah and the general of his army, Babaloo the Bear. Other than that, the ninjas were too secret and mysterious for anyone to know about. One day, King Jonah decided he wanted to become a ninja instead of a king. He didn't tell anyone in his kingdom about his plan. So he knew that everyone would be looking for him. One morning, he made it look like he was still in bed by putting pillows under the blankets and leaving his crown by his pillow. He told all of the guards of his palace not to wake him up if they saw him in bed. King Jonah dressed in the ninja costume with black shoes, black gloves, black sunglasses, black shirt, and black pants. Jonah the ninja jumped out of the castle onto a tree and climbed down the tree before anyone could see him.

When he reached the bottom of the tree and passed by some unicorns at the unicorn farm, he decided to sneak straight to the amusement park. Usually, to enter the amusement park, you had to either be the king or have a ticket given to you by the king. So Jonah decided that he had to sneak in because he had no ticket, and he wasn't dressed as the king that day. He was dressed as a ninja, but he had to figure out how to sneak in. King Jonah decided that he would make a loud noise, like a rooster crowing, on one side of the amusement park. And then while everyone looked at what that noise was, he would sneak as fast as he could to the other side of the amusement park, and then he would turn the on switch so all of the rides would start at the same time. And then he would go in the amusement park while everyone was distracted and looking at different things.

Jonah the ninja carried out his plan. He made the rooster crowing sound. All of the people who worked in the amusement park behind the castle in King Jonah's kingdom started looking for where that noise came from. Jonah the ninja snuck around into the amusement park. When he got inside and went to the haunted house, he saw that there was a ghost there. You couldn't see the ghost because it was invisible. The only thing you could see was that the ghost had some shoes on and a hat on. So you could see the shoes moving around the floor, and it looked like someone was wearing them. But you couldn't see the ghost's body. You could just see right through it. There were no bones or anything. You could tell it was a ghost because there was also a hat floating on top of it.

The ghost didn't notice Jonah because he was a ninja. Jonah decided he wanted to figure out who this ghost really was. So Jonah came up with a plan. He decided that because he was a ninja, he could take off his ninja shirt and then put it on the ghost before the ghost even realized he would do it. So sneakily, he would tickle the ghost under its armpit so that it would raise its hand. And then the ghost would laugh. And then while it was laughing, he would put the shirt sleeve on the ghost. And before the ghost could turn around, King Jonah, who was dressed up as a ninja, would be on the other side. That's what Jonah did. He got a shirt on the ghost. The ghost started. You could kind of see its shape because it had shoes, a shirt, and a hat on. And then after, you could kind of see the shape of the ghost. That is when Jonah the ninja hatched his plan. He decided to say, "Ghosty, Ghosty, I have a surprise for you." The ghost heard something, but he couldn't see that there was a ninja. The ghost started following the ninja outside of the haunted house.

Once the ghost got out of the haunted house and was in the sunlight, you could start to see that the ghost really did have a face. You could see that the ghost really did have legs and feet, and you could start to see what the ghost really looked like. It happened to be a candy ghost, and its eyes were made of chocolate in the middle. Whenever the ghost turned its eyes, the chocolate chips turned, and it had candy corn for a nose. The ghost, when it said boo, was really trying to say few because the ghost sometimes said ha chew. But people think that it's saying boo. So when ghosts are saying boo, sometimes they're just saying ha chu because they had to sneeze. That's what Jonah the ninja learned.

Jonah the ninja turned off the rides in the amusement park, and he told the ghost that because it was a candy ghost, it was allowed to roam freely in the amusement park. He gave the candy ghost all sorts of special tickets to go in. King Jonah went back and inside his castle, past the unicorns, and past General Babalu until he got inside his castle. King Jonah put on his royal clothing and put back on his crown after sneaking into his room. He went to the downstairs part of his castle and asked his guards, "Guards, did you see anything silly happen while I wasn't here?" The guard said, "No, we didn't notice anything." King Jonah said, "Did you notice anything sneaky?" The guard said, "No."

King Jonah went outside to the unicorns and asked the unicorns if they noticed anything. They said no. King Jonah went all the way to the general of his army, Bob Blue the bear. Bob Blue the bear was waiting for King Jonah. King Jonah said, "Did you notice anything?" Bob Blue the bear said, "I know you dressed up as a ninja. And really it was me who dressed up as the ghost. I put on candy on top of my eyes, and I just dressed up as a ghost. I had one of the fairies who live in the forest turn me invisible. Because you were doing a silly thing, I decided to be silly too." King Jonah and his General Babaloo thought it was so funny that they were both trying to do silly tricks on each other. They had fun on all of the rides in the amusement park and lived happily ever after. The end.