Hello. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Miller. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Tonight's makeup story is a request by my son Jonah. Jonah, what do you want tonight? I want a ninja and an amusement park and a ghost with a hat. Okay, a ninja, an amusement park, and a ghost with a hat. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a king whose name was king Jonah. He was the king of a kingdom that had only kids in it. And he lived in a big castle, and behind his house he had a special amusement park. And king Jonah, because he was the king of the kingdom, had a whole army that was made of stuffy bears and real ninjas. And the ninjas in king Jonah's army used to dress in black pants and black shirts and black shoes. And they wore black sunglasses and black gloves. And they used to do tricks like climbing up trees and jumping from the ground to the top of houses. And they were able to even jump from one house to another house. And they were so sneaky, they were even sneakier than the sneakiest of sneaky coyotes. They could move around a town without anybody hearing about them. And king Jonah practiced his ninja skills every day. Yabud. What happened? Did anyone know about these ninjas? The only people who knew about the ninjas were king jonah and the general of his army, whose name was Babaloo the bear. Other than that, the ninjas were too secret and too mysterious for anybody to know about. Well, king Jonah decided one day that he would become a ninja and not the king. And he didn't tell anybody in his kingdom that he was going to become a ninja. And so he knew that everyone would be looking for him. So what he did was one morning he made it look like he was still in his bed. He put pillows under the blankets, and then he left his crown by his pillow, and he told all of the guards of his palace that they shouldn't wake him up if they might see him on the bed. And then king Jonah dressed in the ninja costume with the black shoes and the black gloves, the black sunglasses, black shirt, and black pants. And Jonah the ninja jumped out of the castle onto a tree and climbed down the tree before anyone could even see. And when he got to the bottom of the tree and he passed by some of the unicorns by the unicorn farm, he decided he would sneak straight to the amusement park. Usually to get in the amusement park, you had to either be the king or you had to have a ticket that somebody gave you from the king. So Jonah decided that he had to sneak in because he had no teeth ticket, and he wasn't dressed as the king that day. He was just dressed as a ninja, but he had to figure out how to sneak in. And so King Jonah decided that what he would do is he would make a loud noise, like, say, cockle doodle do on one side of the amusement park. And then while everyone looked at what that noise was, he would sneak as fast as he could to the other side of the amusement park, and then he would turn the on switch so all of the rides would go on at the same time. And then he would go in the amusement park while everyone was distracted and looking at different things. So Jonah the ninja did his plan. He said cockle doodle do. And all of the people who worked in the amusement park behind the castle in King Jonah's kingdom started looking for where that noise was coming from. And Jonah, the ninja snuck around into the amusement park. And when he got into the amusement park and he went to the haunted house, he saw that there was a ghost there. And you couldn't see the ghost because the ghost was invisible. The only thing you could see was that the ghost had some shoes on and a hat on. So you could see the shoes moving around the floor, and it looked like somebody was wearing them. But you couldn't see the ghost's body. You could just see right through it. And there were no bones or anything. And you could tell it was a ghost because there was also a hat floating on top of it. Well, the ghost didn't notice Jonah because he was a ninja. And Jonah decided he wanted to figure out who this ghost really was. So Jonah hatched a plan. He decided that because he was a ninja, what he could do is he could take off his ninja shirt and then put it on the ghost before the ghost even realized he would do it. So sneakily. Like he would tickle the ghost under its armpit so that it would raise its hand. And then the ghost would laugh. And then while it was laughing, he would put the shirt sleeve on the ghost. And before the ghost could turn around, king Jonah, who was dressed up as a ninja, would be on the other side. And that's what Jonah did. And he got a shirt on the ninja on the ghost. And the ghost started. You could kind of see its shape because it had shoes. It had a shirt and it had a hat on. And then after, you could kind of see the shape of the ghost. That is when Jonah the ninja hatched his plan. He decided to say ghosty. Ghosty. I have a surprise for you. And the ghost heard something, but he couldn't see that there was a ninja. And the ghost started following the ninja outside of the haunted house. And once the ghost got out of the haunted house and it was in the sunlight, then you could start to see that the ghost really did have a face. And then you could see that the ghost really did have legs and feet, and you could start to see what the ghost really looked like. And this happened to be a candy ghost, and its eyes were made of chocolate in the middle. And whenever the ghost turned its eyes, the chocolate chips turned and it had candy corn for a nose. And the ghost, when it said boo, what it was really trying to say was few because the ghost and sometimes it was saying ha chew. But people think that it's saying boo. So when ghosts are saying boo, sometimes they're just saying ha chu because they had to sneeze. And that's what Jonah the ninja learned. And then Jonah the ninja turned off the rides in the amusement park, and he told the ghost that because it was a candy ghost, he was allowed to roam freely in the amusement park. And he gave the candy ghost all sorts of special tickets to go in. And then King Jonah went back and inside his castle, past the unicorns, and passed General Babalu until he got inside his castle. And then King Jonah put on his royal clothing and he put back on his crown after sneaking into his room. And he went to the downstairs part of his castle, and he asked his guards, guards, did you see anything silly happen while I wasn't here? And the guard said, no, we didn't notice anything. And King Jonah said, did you notice anything sneaky? And the guard said, no. And then King Jonah went outside to the unicorns, and he asked the unicorns if they noticed anything. And they said no. And then King Jonah went all the way to the general of his army, bob Blue the bear. And Bob Blue. The bear was waiting for King Jonah. And King Jonah said, did you notice anything? And Bob Blew. The bear said, I know you dressed up as a ninja. And really it was me who dressed up as the ghost. And I put on candy on top of my eyes, and I just dressed up as a ghost. And I had one of the fairies who lives in the forest turn me invisible. And because you were doing a silly thing, I decided to be silly too. And King Jonah and his General Babaloo thought it was so funny that they were both trying to do silly tricks on each other. And they had fun on all of the rides in the amusement park and lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Today we're going to do an experiment. If you have a question for Makeup Stories, then ask your parents to help you record the question. And then tell your parents to send an email to Makeup Stories@gmail.com with the recording of your question and also with the question written out. And then I'll try to answer your question in tomorrow's episode. Thank you.