Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six-year-old boy named Adam. Adam asked his mom and dad if he could go to the wettest place in the whole world. His mom said, "Not today, Adam." But Adam had an idea. He took out some crayons and started to draw a treasure map. On the map, he drew the rainforest, the wettest place on earth. He told his parents that there was a buried treasure there.

Adam showed the treasure map to his parents and said, "We have to go to this rainforest where it's very rainy to find the treasure." His mom looked at it and said, "Wow, this is a good treasure map. You drew a lot of green, and rainforests are very green, so there must be a treasure there." Adam said, "So, we should go, right?" His mom agreed, "Yes, we should go."

The next day, Adam, his mom, and his dad took a little airplane to the rainforest. There was a small landing strip in the rainforest for little planes. Adam and his parents helped the pilot land the airplane. The pilot thanked them, and Adam said, "We were just the passengers."

Adam and his family got off the plane and entered the rainforest. Adam thought he heard a tiger, but it was just a toy that made noise. His mom saw a river and next to it, there were huge paw prints. They were bigger than a cat's, a dog's, or even a lion's paws. Was it a dinosaur? Yes! Adam realized the paw mark was from a dinosaur because it was so big, like the size of a school bus. He noticed the mud next to the paw mark was a different color and saw that it was chalk. Adam told his parents he discovered that dinosaurs' feet can have chalk on them.

Just as he said that, they heard a loud roar, and a T-Rex dinosaur appeared. A T-Rex is so big that it's bigger than four whole houses. Its neck is so long that it's longer than 17 bathtubs lined up. Its eyes were as big as a person's head. The T-Rex roared, but Adam said, "We're not afraid of you." The T-Rex replied, "Well, I was just practicing my roars."

Suddenly, Spiderman appeared and made a huge spider web by the river to protect Adam and his family. The web was so big that even the T-Rex couldn't get through it. The T-Rex said, "That's not nice because I'm actually a friendly T-Rex."

Just then, Batman arrived and told Spiderman not to trap the T-Rex if it was being nice. Spiderman apologized and removed the web. Batman and Spiderman said they should all have fun.

So, Adam and his family went on a dinosaur ride with the T-Rex, who was named Tommy. Tommy the T-Rex was a friendly dinosaur who loved to wear pajamas, even though they looked silly with four legs. Tommy was also silly because he sneezed a lot, and when a dinosaur sneezes, it's like a whole river comes out. You have to be careful around dinosaur sneezes.

While riding Tommy through the rainforest, Adam wondered what would happen if Tommy coughed or sneezed during the ride. Did Tommy need a mask to block the cough? Tommy told Adam that when he coughed, it wasn't germs, but water that helped fish grow. So, his sneezes were nice, like a shower, but only for dinosaur sneezes.

Tommy took Adam and his family on a fun ride through the rainforest until they reached the treasure. Adam showed his parents the spot on the map and asked Tommy to dig for the treasure. Tommy carefully dug with his dinosaur feet, making sure not to break the treasure.

When they found the treasure, Batman said, "Stop." They opened the treasure chest and found a magical book. The book worked by automatically writing down whatever a child thought of, even if they didn't know how to read or write. That was the special treasure Adam found. The end. Tell all your friends to listen to the story because they'll like it.