Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. My name is Adam. I live in Delhi and India. I am a six year old boy. Please make up a story about at UX, Spiderman, and Batman. Thank you. Tonight makeup story is a request from a six year old boy named Adam who lives in Delhi, India. And Adam asked for us to make up a story that includes a big dinosaur called a Tyrannosaurus Rex, a trex, and Spiderman. Spiderman is a superhero that's able to make spider webs come out of his fingers. And also Batman, who could fly through the air on his bat cape. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a six year old boy whose name was Adam. Adam asked his mom and his dad if he could go to the wettest place in the whole world. And his mom said, not today, Adam. But Adam had an idea. He got out some crayons, and he started to draw a treasure map. And in the treasure map, he drew the rainforest that's the wettest place on earth. And told his parents that that is where there was a buried treasure. And then Adam put his crayons away, and he brought out the treasure map to his parents and said, we have to go to this rainforest where it is so, so rainy, so that we could find the treasure. And Adam's mom looked at it and she said, wow, this is a good treasure map. And I can see that you did draw a lot of green, and rainforests are very green, and so it's definitely a treasure in the rainforest. And Adam said, well, so I think we should go, right? And Adam's mom said, yes, we should go. The next day, Adam, his mom, and his dad took a little airplane all the way to the rainforest. There was a little place in the rainforest that had a landing strip and was like an airport for little planes. And Adam and his mom and his dad helped the pilot land the airplane. The pilot said, thank you for the ride, and Adam said, we were just the passengers. Well, Adam and his family got off of the plane, and they were in the rainforest. Adam thought he heard a tiger, but really it was just a stuffy that made some noise. And Adam's mom saw that there was a river, and next to the river, there were big, big paw prints. And the paw prints weren't like, the size of kitty cat's paws, and they weren't the size of a dog's paws, and they weren't even the size of a lion's paws. Was it a dinosaur? Yes. And Adam realized that the paw mark was from a dinosaur because it was so big. The paw mark was like as big as a school bus. And Adam saw that the mud next to the paw mark was a little different color. And Adam saw that it was chalk. And the dinosaur foot had chalk on it. And Adam told his mom and his dad that he made a discovery that dinosaurs feet can have chalk on them. Just as he said that he heard a big roar in the rainforest, and suddenly he saw that there was a Trex dinosaur. A Trex dinosaur is so big that it is bigger than four whole houses. Its neck is so long that it is longer than probably 17 bathtubs stacked alongside each other. And its eyes were so big, they were as big as a normal person's head. And the Trex said, RA. And just as the Trex said Roar, adam said, we're not afraid of you. And the Trex said, Well, I was just practicing my roars. And just as he said that, spiderman came out of the distance and flew through the air. And he made a big, big spider web right where the river was to protect Adam and his family, so that the dinosaur couldn't even get past the spider web, because Spider Man made such a big spider web that it was bigger than trees and buildings. And even a Trex dinosaur couldn't get through it. The Trex would just get stuck in the giant spider web that Spiderman. And the dinosaur said, that's not nice, because I'm actually a friendly Trex. And just as he said that, Batman came. And Batman said, Batman. And he flew through the air, and he told Spiderman that he shouldn't trap a Trex if the Trex is being nice, and this is a nice T. Rex. And Spiderman said that he was sorry, and he made the spider web go away. And Batman and Spiderman said that they should all have fun. And so Adam and his family decided to go on a dinosaur ride, and they went on Trex. And that is how Trex showed that he was a friendly dinosaur. While on Trex, Adam and his family marched through the Trex's name again. The Trex's name was Tommy. Tommy the Trex. And he was a friendly t, Rex. Tommy the Trex used he was actually a Trex that wore pajamas. He loved to wear pajamas. Even though he was a Trex. The pajamas looked silly because I had to have four legs then. But he wore pajamas. And Tommy the Trex also was really silly because he used to sneeze so many times. And when a dinosaur sneezes, it's not like a person where there's just a little sneeze. When a dinosaur sneezes, it's like a whole river comes out. So you have to be careful around dinosaur sneezes. Well, anyway, Adam was going for this nice dinosaur ride on Tommy the Trex, and his parents were two, and they were going right through the rainforest, and they were having so much fun. But did Tommy sometimes try to wear mask to keep the cops out and sneezes? And as they were going through this ride through the rainforest, adam had a question. What would Tommy the Trex do if Tommy the Trex had like a cough or something while they were on the ride? Because did Tommy the Trex need a little mask or something to block the cough? And Tommy the Trex told Adam that, no, he didn't, because when he coughed, it wasn't germs. It was just like a river stuff, like water that went and helped the fishies grow. So it was a nice sneeze. And if somebody was dirty in front of the sneeze, then they can just get like a shower. But that's not the same with people sneezes. That's only true with dinosaur sneezes. And Tommy the Trex took Adam through such a good dinosaur ride until they got to the treasure box. And Adam looked on his map and he showed his parents that is where the treasure box was. It was too deep underground and so Adam couldn't dig to the treasure himself. Could Tommy try to dig? Yes. And so Adam asked Tommy the Trex to try to dig for him. And Tommy the Trex dug, dug, dug using his spider feet, using his dinosaur feet with the chalk on them. But then they could have noticed that it could break the treasure. And as Tommy the Trex got closer to the treasure, he did it more and more gently and softly not to break it. And then suddenly, when they got to the treasure, batman said, Stop. And they found the treasure. And when they opened it up, they saw that it was a magical book. And the way the magical book worked is whenever a kid thought of something to say, it automatically got written in the book. And kids didn't even know how to read or write to make it work. And that was the special treasure that Adam got. The End tell all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.