Welcome to makeup. The kids bedtime wombus. My name is Edward. I'm four, and I live in Albuquerque. And my story is gonna be apple juice hurricane water and fishies and the in the ocean. The fishies in the ocean. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old listener whose name is Edward and who lives in Albuquerque, New Mexico. And Edward asked for us to make up a story that includes an apple juice hurricane and water and fishies and the ocean. One day, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Edward, and Edward felt something very ticklish on his toes. And do you know what he saw next to his toes? It was a froggy. And the froggy was jumping on his toes, and the froggy jumped up and down, and Edward ran to his mom and said, mom, there was a froggy. And the froggy went on my toes, and it was so ticklish. And then the froggy would jump, and Edward's mom said, how about we catch the frog and keep it in a little cage so we can feed it and take care of it? And Edward said okay. So they used their butterfly net to catch the frog, and Edward and his mama put the frog in the little fish tank that they found near the mailbox. After the froggy was in the fish tank, edward's mama said it was time for pajamas, and Edward's mom put on Edward's pajamas for him. And Edward also did part of his pajamas all by himself. Well, after Edward put on his pajamas, he went to go check on the frog, and the frog was missing, so Edward had to look all over his house with his mama to try to find where the frog went. First, they looked in the kitchen. And do you know if they found the frog in the kitchen? No, they didn't find it there. They looked in the refrigerator. No frog in the refrigerator. And Edward looked in the living room. No frog on the couch. And Edward looked on his mama and dad's bedroom. No frog on the bed. And Edward and his mom looked in the bathroom. And do you know what they found? A frog trying to take a shower. There was a frog in the bathroom, and the frog was trying to take a bath. Well, this was a really silly frog. And Edward decided he was going to go into the bath to try to catch the frog, to tell it to go back in the cage where it was safe. Edward torn on the wettle. Yeah, well, Edward went in the bath, but remember, Edward had his pajamas on. So Edward got all wet with all of his pajamas in the bathtub, and Edward's mama said, edward, you're so wet. We never heard of taking a bath in pajamas. And Edward said, it's okay. And he got the froggy out, and Edward's mama gave him a big towel and wrapped him up and carried him to his bedroom. And there they changed his pajamas into new dry pajamas. Edward decided that the froggy would sleep with him that night. Well, the froggy slept on Edward's bed that night right next to Edward's pillow and under Edward's blanket. And the froggy, as Edward fell asleep, the froggy started to tell Edward a story. The froggy said that when the froggy was so little, it used to be a tadpole, and tadpoles look like little itty bitty fishes. And the froggy told Edward that it was not a regular tadpole because regular tadpoles live in lakes that are made of water. But the froggy said he was a special tadpole that lived in a lake that was made out of apple juice because the lake that the froggy lived in was right near an apple juice factory. And all of the apple juice spilled out of the apple juice factory one day and made such a big lake while Edward told the froggy that he was getting so tired, but he wanted to keep hearing the froggy story. So the froggy told Edward one day while he was hopping around the apple juice lake right near the apple juice factory, it got so windy, and the wind started howling and blustering and blowing, and the wind went whoosh. And suddenly it got so cloudy and there was thunder in the sky that went kaboom. And there was a rainbow colored lightning that went crackle and pop. And just as that happened, a hurricane came. And the hurricane didn't have storm clouds that are dark. Instead, it had yellow orange juice clouds. And orange juice started to pour down in the hurricane, and it was drip dropping everywhere. And all of the kids who lived in the city right next to the apple juice lake had to wear their umbrellas and their raincoats and their rainboots, and they got to skip and jump and splash in orange juice puddles. But soon it started raiding apple juice as well, and it turned into a hurricane. And a hurricane is a very big storm. So the froggy said the froggy needed to go out of the apple juice lake because it was getting mixed up with orange juice and he needed to go in a storm drain. Sometimes frogs could find storm drains that are on streets. Under storm drains are like where water goes in the street. And so the froggy jumped into a storm drain to get away from the hurricane, and he started swimming through some pipes until he got to a bathtub. And the froggy told Edward that that's how he got to Edward's house. He swam all the way through the pipes, under the ground, all the way into his bathtub and then hopped out to go outside, which is where Edward found him. And Edward said, oh, so that's why you wanted to go to the bath, because you were ready to go back home. And Edward said yes. And the froggy said yes to Edward. Well, Edward told the froggy that if they wanted, they could go on a special boat ride in the ocean to see if there were fishies that could be his friend. Because Edward didn't want only to have a frog pet. He also wanted the frog to have friends. So the next day, Edward went with his mom and his dad on a boat ride, and they brought a big fishing net. And in the boat, they put the fishing net in the ocean and they caught. But the fishes would be too scared from the frog eating them. And they decided to catch a fish that was not scared of frogs. And the fish that was not scared of frogs was green, just like the froggy. And so the green fish thought that the froggy was his dad or his mama. And he was like, oh, it's green like me. You're a green frog and I'm a green fish, so we must be the same. Let's be friends. Well, Edward put the fish in a bucket and told his mom and dad to steer the ship back off the ocean and go back to their house. So they started turning the ship around and going all the way back to land. And the fish was in a bucket so that it could still swim and play while it was on land. And Edward and his mama and daddy and the froggy drove the fish home all the way to their house. And they decided to put the fish in a nice little aquarium, which is a kind of cage with water. It's like a fish tank with water. And Edward and the fishy lived in the fish tank with water, which was an aquarium, and it was right in Edward's room. So from that day forward, Edward had a fishy and a froggy pet who were such great friends. And sometimes the fishy and the froggy decided to go in the bath with Edward. Well, Edward and sometimes the fishy and froggy went down the drain, but they always came back because they loved to take baths with Edward and to be in his house and to have such a fun time in Edward's family. Well, that happened while Edward was sleeping. And the next day when he woke up, he did really see the green fish and he did really see the green frog. And he always decided that when the fishy and the froggy were in the bath with him, he would not take a bubble bath because bubbles are not so good for fish and frogs. And the next day, his mama said, you can have apple juice. And the froggy was so happy since he grew up in an apple juice pond. And Edward and the fishy and froggy and Edward's mama and dadda lived happily ever after. The End all your friends listen to lesson to make up because they like it.