Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Ellie. Ellie had lots of toys in her house. Sometimes, after playing with her toys and leaving them all over the floor, Ellie's mom would say, "It's cleanup time," and Ellie had to clean up the toys. Cleaning up toys is good, but sometimes it's not so much fun. It's more fun for kids to play with toys, build things, and sometimes even knock them down. But cleaning up toys, though good to do, isn't always so fun.

One day, Ellie had so many toys on the floor, and she wished that there could be a special balloon that floated into her house through the window. This balloon would have sticky tape attached to it, and it would go down to a toy, stick to the toy, and then lift the toy into the air. The balloon would take the toy to the right place where it was supposed to go and then put it down.

And so, the balloon started to float all over Ellie's house. It came in through the window and floated around. Ellie said, "Mom, look! There's a balloon that's coming in to clean my toys." Ellie's mom said, "Wow, that's a cool invention. It's not a learning tool, but it's still a fun invention." Ellie's mom was amazed by the balloon that could clean up Ellie's toys.

Ellie watched as the balloon picked up all of her toys, including a toy train, some markers, and lots of glitter. The balloon picked everything up and put it away. But then, after everything was put away, Ellie told her mom, "Mom, look! The balloon just put the toys away." And then her mom said, "But look what's happening."

Uh-oh! Ellie looked at the balloon, and do you know what it was doing? The balloon got so much sticky tape and glue on it that all the toys were getting stuck to it. Then it made a big toy train with all the different toys connected to each other. The balloon carried the toy train full of toys with all the different things connected out of the window, and it floated away in the air.

Then another balloon came in, and more toys stuck to it. That balloon also floated out the window. Ellie looked outside and saw that balloons were going into the windows of all the kids' houses in the whole town. The balloons were taking their toys and floating out the windows, going up into the sky with all of the kids' toys.

Ellie told her mom, "Mom, this isn't fair. We need to figure out how to get all of the toys back, maybe by splashing water." Ellie's mom said, "Well, why don't we just splash water at the balloons?" Ellie tried to splash water, but the balloons were too high in the air and too fast.

Ellie had a good idea. She decided to make a little kids' bow and arrow that shot a toothbrush at the balloons. The bow and arrow would shoot the toothbrush at the balloon, and when the toothbrush hit the balloon, the balloon would pop, and the toy would come back down.

So Ellie went outside and used her bow and arrow with the toothbrush on it. The toothbrush hit a balloon, and the toy started falling down, and she saved it. But the problem was, there were way too many balloons. Ellie realized she was going to need some help.

Just as Ellie realized she needed help, she went outside and looked on her roof. Do you know who she saw there? There was a unicorn on the roof of her house, and a princess was riding on it! The princess on the unicorn said, "Ellie, I came from a different world that's made up of toys, and the unicorn lives in the toy world too. There's a problem. All of the balloons are taking toys from your world and taking them up to the toy world where I live with my unicorn."

Ellie told the princess, "Yeah, all the toys are going away and going to the princess unicorn world because of the balloons." The princess asked Ellie if she wanted a ride on the unicorn, and Ellie said yes.

So Ellie asked her mom and dad to help her climb up to the roof of her house. When she got on the roof, the princess, who was wearing a princess crown, princess shoes, and a princess dress, helped Ellie up onto the unicorn. The unicorn was white and had very soft hair. It felt almost like the unicorn's hair was made of soft feathers, like some blankets are made of. That was really special.

Ellie got on the unicorn, and the princess told the unicorn to start flying. Ellie told the unicorn to use its horn to pop all of the balloons that had toys. The unicorn's horn was sharp, so it could pop the balloons, and then all of the toys would fall back down.

The princess told Ellie, "We're going to need to add parachutes to the toys so they don't just fall all the way down from the sky and break, but they go down slowly." The princess had lots of parachutes in her big princess pockets.

So the princess took many parachutes out of her pockets, and they went from balloon to balloon, attaching the parachutes. Then the unicorn started using its horn to pop the balloons that were carrying the toys away. The toys floated down.

Most of the toys popped and went down in the parachutes back to the kids' houses. The kids in the town were looking up, and they saw all sorts of toys coming down from the sky on parachutes. They were so happy.

All of the kids in the town were going to their windows, and some kids even went outside to watch the toys falling from the sky in parachutes. The kids were so happy.

Some of the kids even got new presents because Santa went up to the special place in the sky where the princess and the unicorn lived. He helped get some of the toys back to the kids by putting parachutes on the toys, and they all came back down. The kids were even happier because they got new toys.

The kids in the town were the luckiest kids in the whole world because for the whole next day, Ellie was riding with the princess and unicorn, popping new balloons, and making new toys come down. Ellie saved the day.

Soon enough, it was getting to be dinner time. The princess told Ellie they had to go back to their house. Some balloons did make it to the Princess Unicorn Santa toy world, but the ones that did go there, Santa put parachutes on them so they could come back down. He threw them back down to Earth, and they didn't break because of the parachutes.

And so, Ellie and her family lived happily ever after. The end.