Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Murphy. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. Hi, my name is ali rose martinez. I just turned six today. I'm from the island of guam, and now I live in jacksonville, Florida, and I would like a story about a princess, me and my little brother grayson, and unicorns and lots and lots of toys and Christmas. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a six year old girl who lives in jacksonville, Florida, and who's from the island of guam and whose name is ellie. Well, ellie just turned six years old yesterday on December 31, so we want to say happy birthday, Ellie. And Ellie asks for us to make up a story that includes a princess, a unicorn, lots of toys, and christmas. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was ellie. Ellie had a lot of toys in her house. And sometimes after she played with the toys and the toys were all over the floor, ellie's mom said, it's cleanup time, and ellie had to clean up the toys. Well, cleaning up toys is good, but sometimes it's not so much fun. Sometimes it's more fun for kids to play with toys and to build things, and sometimes even to smash them down. But cleaning up toys, good to do, but not always so fun. And so ellie had so many toys on the floor, and she was wishing that there could be, like, a kind of balloon that floated in the window of her house. And the balloon would have scotch tape attached to it, and it would go down to a toy, and the tape would stick to the toy, and then the balloon would go in the air, and it would take the toy to the right place where it was supposed to go and then put it down. And so the balloon started to float all over ellie's house. It came in the window? Yeah, the balloon came in the window, and it started to float all over Ellie's house. And ellie said, mom, look. There's a balloon that's coming in to clean my toys. And Ellie's mom said, wow, that's a cool invention. Well, it wasn't good learning, but it was still a fun invention. And so ellie's mom said, wow, look. Something a balloon that could come clean up your toys for you. And ellie said, yeah. And ellie watched as the balloon picked up all of her toys, including a ChuChu train, including some markers and a lot of glitter. And the balloon picked all of it up and put it away. But then after everything was put away, ellie told her mom, mom, look. The balloon just put the toys away. And then the mom said, but look what's happening. Uhoh and ellie looked at the balloon, and do you know what it was doing? What? The balloon got so much scotch tape on it and so much glue and it was getting all of the toys stuck to it. And then it was making, like, a big ChuChu train of different toys. Each toy was connected to a different toy, and then the balloon carried the ChuChu train full of toys with all the different things connected out of the window. And the balloon floated away in the air. And then another balloon came in, and it got more toys sticking to it, and the other balloon floated out the window. And then ellie looked outside, and she saw that balloons were going into the windows of all of the kids in the whole Florida. And the balloons were taking their toys, and the balloons were floating out the windows and going in the sky with all of the kids toys. And ellie told her mom, mom, this is not fair. We need to figure out how to get all of the toys back, maybe to splash water. And ellie's mom said, well, why don't we just splash water at the balloons? And ellie tried to splash water, but the balloons went too high in the air and they were too fast. Oh, how about this? Balloons, if they're going to fly, they need helium. And if you wait and you could just get something really like a knife and woe it and have a gun to shoot the knife at the balloon and get the balloon stuck and have a leak in there. So ellie had a good idea, which was she decided to make a little kids bow and arrow that shot a toothbrush at the balloons. And the bow and arrow would shoot the toothbrush at the balloon. And when the toothbrush would hit the balloon, the balloon would pop, and the toy would come back down. And so ellie went outside, and she used her bow and arrow and put the toothbrush on it. And the toothbrush hit a balloon, and the toy started falling down, and she saved. But the problem was, there were way too many balloons. So ellie realized she was going to need some help. Hold on, bud. Just as ellie realized she needed some help, do you know she went outside and she looked on her roof, and do you know who she saw there? Who? There was a unicorn on the roof of her house. And the unicorn had a princess riding on it. And the princess on the unicorn said, ellie, I came from a different world that's made up of toys, and the unicorn lives in the toy world also. And there's a problem. All of the balloons are taking toys from your world and jacksonville, Florida, and taking it up to the toy world that I live in with my unicorn. And ellie told the princess, yeah, all the toys are going away and going to the princess unicorn world from the balloons. And the princess asked ellie if she wanted a ride on the unicorn, and ellie said yes. So ellie asked her mom, and dad to give her a boost so she could climb up to the roof of her house. When she got on the roof of the house, the princess, who is wearing a princess crown, princess shoes, and a princess dress, gave ellie a hand and helped lift her up onto the unicorn. The unicorn was white and had very soft hair. It felt almost like the unicorn's hair was made of, like, you know, the kind of soft thing that some blankies are made of. Feathers. Yeah, it was made up of, like, feathers, the unicorn's hair. So that was really special. Well, ellie got on the unicorn, and the princess told the unicorn to start flying. And do you know what ellie told them to do? What? Ellie told the unicorn to use its horn to bonk all of the balloons that had toys. And unicorn's horns are sharp so it could pop the balloons, and then all of the toys would fall back down. Wasn't the sun that were about to land there? Yes. And the other problem was that the princess told ellie, we're going to need to add parachutes to the toys so that they don't just fall all the way down from the sky and break, but they go down slowly. And the princess told ellie that she carried a lot of parachutes in her pockets. And so the princess took so many parachutes out of her pockets because she had really big princess pockets, and they went from balloon to balloon and put the parachutes on them. And then the unicorn started using its horn to pop the balloons that were carrying the toys away. And the toys floated down. That landed away. Yes, but most of the toys popped and went down in the parachutes back to the kids houses. And the kids in Jacksonville, Florida, were looking up, and they saw all sorts of toys coming down in the sky on parachutes. And they were so happy. Yeah, all of the kids in Jacksonville, Florida, were going out to their windows, and some kids, even their moms and dads even let them go outside to watch the toys falling from the sky in parachutes. And the kids were so happy. And some of the kids had new presents come because do you know what happened? What? Santa went up to this special place in the sky where the princess and the unicorn lived, and he helped get some of the toys back to the kids. So he put parachutes on the toys, and they all came back down. And then the kids were even happier because they got new toys. And the kids in Jacksonville, Florida, were the luckiest kids in the whole world because for the whole next day, ellie was riding with the princess and unicorn and popping new balloons and making new toys come down. And ellie saved the day. Well, soon enough, it was getting to be dinner time. And the princess told ellie they had to go back to their house. But wasn't there some balloons that made it and got toys there? Well, some balloons went to the Princess Unicorn Santa toy world, but the ones that did go there, Santa put parachutes on them so they could come back down, and he threw them back down to earth, and they didn't break because of the parachutes. And so Ellie and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Oh, hi. Thank you for listening to Makeup story. Tell all your friends to listen to makeup stories. Thank you.