Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy named Bowen. Bowen and his family loved going on adventures. Sometimes, they would go to the beach near their house and watch the waves. Bowen would imagine that one day the waves could be so big that they would cover the whole beach. Bowen asked his parents, "Where did the ocean come from?" 

Bowen's mom looked at him and said, "It's usually a secret, and grownups aren't supposed to tell kids where the ocean really comes from because a lot of kids don't want to believe it. But the ocean really comes from a giant chicken that lives in outer space. This giant chicken used to run around different stars and play hide and seek with other chickens that lived in outer space. One day, one of the big chickens was hiding behind a moon of Jupiter. Another chicken said that this chicken was not nice, and it made the giant chicken really sad. So, the giant chicken started to cry, and its big salty tears fell all the way down from the moons of Jupiter to Earth. There were so many tears that they filled up the whole ocean. That's why the ocean water is kind of salty because teardrops are also salty."

Bowen asked his parents, "How can there really be chickens that live in outer space? I thought everything needs air to breathe, and there's no air in outer space." Bowen's mom told him that there were special kinds of bubbles that the chickens used to blow. These bubbles weren't like the ones from a bubble bath. They were the kind you could sometimes get in a little bottle, and you open it on top and then put a stick with a round part in the end. The chickens would blow these bubbles in outer space and keep their heads inside them. The chickens in outer space were so big that the bubbles they blew were as big as the moon. All of the other aliens in outer space used to look at the chickens and their silly big bubbles and think, "That's a good way for chickens to breathe in outer space." 

But when the chicken that cried so much that it made the ocean ran out of tears and was still sad, a nice giant chicken from outer space came up to it. The nice chicken said, "You're a good chicken, and you are a nice chicken, and I want to be your friend." The sad chicken asked, "Do you want to play with ChuChu trains?" The other chicken said, "I didn't know there were trains in outer space." The giant chicken showed the other chicken that there were secret train tracks in outer space. These tracks were used by aliens to transport things like wood or metal from one planet to another. The trains in outer space didn't need regular train tracks because there's no gravity or very little gravity in outer space. Instead, the train tracks were made of a magnetic spider web created by a special kind of spider with 16 legs.

Bowen asked his mom to tell him more about the trains. So she told him that even the trains that went from planet to planet couldn't go everywhere because they needed to stay on those train tracks. There were some planets in outer space that were made of water, like the whole entire planet was just one giant ocean. There were other planets made of grape juice and orange juice. One of the planets made of water was called the Bathtub Planet. This planet was for kid aliens, not for kid people. On Bathtub Planet, kids could decide how hot or cold they wanted the water to be and choose what bath toys they wanted. If kids didn't want to shampoo or condition their hair, they could press the Smile button, and their hair would be cleaned all by itself. All of the alien kids loved going to the Bathtub Planet.

One day, the sad chicken that cried so much that its tears filled up Earth's oceans figured out that it could make new bathtub planets. Instead of crying because it was sad, it could have fun tears from laughing at funny jokes. The giant chicken decided to have fun tears and made new bathtub planets for kids to have all the bath toys they wanted. This way, alien kids' bath time was always a lot of fun. There were even little submarines that alien kids could use to go underwater in the bathtub and explore the middle of the Bathtub Planet.

Bowen's mom told him that there was a lot more to the story, but it was getting late. So, she told Bowen that it was time to go to sleep. Bowen and his family lived happily ever after. The end.