Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Bowen. Bowen and his family used to love to go on adventures. And sometimes they would go to the beach near their house and they would watch the waves. And Bowen would imagine that one day the waves could be so big that they could go all over the whole beach. And Bowen asked his parents, where did the ocean come from? And Bowen's mom looked at Bowen and she said, it's usually a secret and grownups aren't supposed to tell the kids where the ocean really comes from because a lot of kids don't want to believe it. But where the ocean really comes from is that there's a giant chicken that lives in outer space. And the giant chicken that lives in outer space used to run around different stars and it would try to play hide and go seek with other chickens that would live in outer space. And one day, one of the big chickens that lived in outer space was hiding behind the moon of Jupiter. And one of its friends said that that chicken was not nice and it made the giant chicken really sad. So the giant chicken started to cry and the giant chicken had big salty tears. And the giant chicken's tears fell all the way down from the moons of Jupiter to Earth. And it was so much chicken crying that it filled up the whole ocean. And that is why the ocean water is kind of salty. It's because teardrops are also salty.

And Bowen started to ask his parents, how can it really be that there are chickens that live in outer space? Because I thought that everything needs air to breathe and there's no air in outer space. And Bowen's mom told Bowen that there's special kinds of bubbles that the chickens used to blow. It wasn't like a bubble bath kind of bubble. It was the kind that you could sometimes get in a little bottle and you open it on top and then you put, like, a stick with a round part in the end, and then the chickens would blow that in outer space, and they would keep their heads in the bubble. And the chickens in outer space were so big that the bubbles that they would blow were, like, as big as the moon. And all of the other aliens in outer space, when they were going for, let's say, airplane rides in outer space to go, let's say, for a short trip, or if they wanted to go really far, they were taking rocket ships in outer space. All of the aliens used to look at the chickens and their silly big bubbles and be like, that is a good way for chickens to breathe in outer space. But when the chicken that cried cried so much that he made the ocean, he didn't know what to do after because he ran out of tears and he was still sad. So, finally, a nice chicken, which was also giant and which also lived in outer space, came up to the chicken that cried so much, his tears filled up all of the oceans and Earth. And he said to that chicken, you're really a good chicken, and you are a nice chicken, and I want to be your friend. And the chicken said, do you want to play with ChuChu trains? And the other chicken said, well, I didn't know there were trains in outer space. And the giant chicken showed the other chicken that there really were some secret train tracks in outer space. And that's how, if aliens lived on one planet and they needed to bring, like, wood or metal or something to a different planet so that they could build things rather than put it in a rocket ship, they would use trains to go from planet to planet. And the trains in outer space don't need to be made of regular train tracks because there's no gravity or very little gravity in outer space. So to stick to the train tracks in outer space, the train tracks were made of a kind of spider web that was magnetic. There's a kind of spider that doesn't have eight legs. It really has 16 different legs. And that kind of spider makes a magnetic kind of spider web. And that's the kind of spider that made the spider web tracks that the aliens would use for their trains in outer space.

And Bowen asked his mom to tell him more about the trains. So Bowen's mom told Bowen that even the trains that went from planet to planet couldn't go everywhere, because they did need to stay on those train tracks. And there were some planets in outer space that were made of water. Like, the whole entire planet was just one giant ocean. And there were other planets in outer space which were made of grape juice and orange juice. And one of the planets which was made of water was called the Bathtub Planet. And in the Bathtub Planet, all of the kids who wanted to go there were for kid aliens. Not for kid people, but all of the kid aliens. And the rule on Bathtub Planet is that kids can decide how hot or cold they want the water to be. And they press a button, and it's automatically the right hot and the right cold. And then kids can choose what bath toys they want on the Bathtub Planet, and they press a different button, and then those bath toys appear. And then if kids don't want to do, like, shampoo in their hair or conditioner in their hair, then all they have to do is press the Smile button. And if they press the Smile button, then they feel something tickle their hair, and the hair gets shampooed all by itself. And all of the different alien kids used to love to go to the Bathtub Planet. And then one day, the chicken that got so sad and cried so much that his tears fell down and filled up the planet Earth's oceans, one day, it figured out that it could make new bathtub planets. And instead of having to cry because it was sad, sometimes if somebody cries, sometimes if somebody tells a really funny joke, they could laugh so much that you could even start to like a fun kind of cry. It's not a sad cry, and little fun tears could come out of your eyes. So the chicken, the giant chicken, decided to have fun tears, and then it made new bathtub planets for kids to have all of the bath toys they wanted. And this way, alien kids bath time was always a lot of fun. And there were little submarines that alien kids could use if they wanted to go underwater in the bathtub to go to the middle of the Bathtub Planet.

Bowen's mom told Bowen that there was a lot more to the story, but that it was getting late. And so Bowen's mom told Bowen that it was time to go to sleep. And Bowen and his family lived happily ever after. The end.