Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Ona. Ona had a dollhouse that a fairy had given her. The dollhouse had a main door to go inside, and the door was kind of round on top. The walls were made of plastic, and there was a sofa, a couch, a chair, a table, a kitchen, and all sorts of things inside Ona's dollhouse. Ona's dollhouse looked like a regular dollhouse. Sometimes she would open it up and open the doors, and she would pretend that there were fairies that would go in and out. The fairies would sometimes have to climb up stairs in the dollhouse. Sometimes the fairies would play with the jump rope, and they could do jump rope in the air while they were flying inside the dollhouse. The fairies used to love to jump between the beds and also to do somersaults and cartwheels and to jump up and down and just to have so much fun in the dollhouse. But the problem was that fairies never came. The dollhouse was just a regular dollhouse. It was pretend.

Ona wished so, so hard. One night, she was thinking about it as she went to sleep. Ona was thinking, "While I'm sleeping, please can the dollhouse turn real? While I'm sleeping, please can the dollhouse turn real?" She was thinking it to herself, and she wasn't saying it out loud. She said it again, "While I'm sleeping, can the dollhouse please, please turn real?" That night, Ona fell asleep on her bed.

While she was sleeping, there was a storm outside. The storm made a kind of thunder that sounded like cars honking their horns. It was a strange kind of thunder. It didn't seem like it came from regular clouds. It almost seemed like there were boats in the distant night in the mist, making their foghorns make noises. But it wasn't coming from boats at all. It was coming from the clouds because when fairies are traveling through clouds, they usually have to let other fairies know that that's where they are so they don't bump into each other when they're in the clouds since it's so hard to see, even for fairies when they're in clouds.

All of the fairies were going through the clouds because they had decided that night to go down the chimney of Ona's house. Some of them snuck through a window, and they went all the way inside Ona's house, through the door to her room and under the door. Also, because fairies are so small, they could fit under doors, and they went right into Ona's pretend dollhouse.

The fairies, with their magic wands, used their little kind of fairy wings that look like butterfly wings but are see-through to flap right into Ona's special dollhouse. Ona was still sleeping, but while she was sleeping, she kind of saw even though she was asleep, it was almost like she was dreaming. She saw that the fairies were all together putting their magic wands together. They made their magic wands touch each other. The fairies were flying in a circle, all of them holding up their magic wands. The magic wands were touching each other in the middle. The circle of fairies would turn round and round inside the dollhouse until suddenly a star came right in the middle of all of the fairy wands in the air where the fairies were turning around and dancing. It was a little tiny star, but it was a piece of a star from outer space where the fairies came from. That was enough to turn the dollhouse real.

The next morning, Ona woke up and she looked at her dollhouse and she saw that it looked a little bit different. When Ona woke up, the doors of the dollhouse turned into strings, and it looked like the fairies had decorated. Inside, the fairies put a special kind of carpet that felt so soft, it was even softer than a kitty cat. The fairies also decorated all of the lights with candy lights. The way candy lights work is that you put it in the ceiling, and it looks like it's a regular candy, but you put it into the kind of light bulb thing in the ceiling, the socket, and then the candy will light up, and that's what the fairies used to decorate the dollhouse.

Ona also realized that the fairies were so good at decorating because sometimes they put, like, lollipops down from the roof of the dollhouse. From the ceiling of the dollhouse. They had flashlights that tried to go through the purple lollipops, and it made the light of the flashlights purple. It looked like inside of the dollhouse, the fairies were still hard at work in the middle of decorating because they were making a big fairy party.

Ona was so excited, she told her mom, "Mom, we have to go and get Ellia, my sister, and also we have to get dad, and we have to look at the special dollhouse." Ona's sister and her mom and her dad came rushing to her bedroom. When they looked inside the bedroom and they saw the dollhouse and they saw all the fairies, they finally had to believe that it really was the kind of dollhouse that did turn real because fairies came inside and then they were looking at all of the nice decorations that the fairies put in the dollhouse.

Ona was worried that her parents or her sister might take candy, and she told them, "Don't take any of the candy, because that's for the fairies." Just as she said that, she saw that the fairies were in the middle of making something new. Ona's sister and her parents also saw the fairies came out of the dollhouse, and they were doing that thing where they floated in the air and beat their butterfly wings and where they were dancing and putting their magic wands together. The fairies started to sing a song that sounded like "ho la hola." As the fairies were singing the song in the middle of the air, a super sparkly crown started to appear. It was also from a piece of the star. Stars are so bright that this super sparkly crown was the sparkliest, brightest crown in the whole world.

The fairies put their magic wands back in their pockets, and they started to carry the most sparkly, Diamondy, twinkly, glittery crown that ever existed in the universe. They put it right on top of Ona's head. One of the fairies told Ona that she was secretly a princess. The fairy gave Ona a jewel that can glow in the dark. Ona told her family that from now on, because she was a princess, she was going to do some special things. Ona and her family lived happily ever after. The end.