Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Ona. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Ona. I'm from Barcelona, spain. I'm four years old, 25 in April 20, and I would like a story that includes a fair name bell, a super duper duper duper sparkly crown, and a jewel that can glow in the dark. Thank you. Bye. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Ona, who lives in Barcelona, Spain, and who turned five years old one month ago on April 20. And so we want to say happy birthday, Ona. Happy birthday, Mona. Ona. And Ona asked for us to make up a story that includes a fairy named Belle, a super sparkly crown, and the jewel that can glow in the dark. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Ona. Ona had a doll house that a fairy had given her. And the doll house that Ona had a main door to go inside. And the door was kind of round on top, and the walls were made of plastic, and there was a sofa and a couch and a chair inside, and a table and a kitchen and all sorts of things inside of Ona's doll house. Ona's dollhouse looked like a regular doll house. And sometimes she would open it up and open the doors, and she would pretend that there were fairies that would go in and out. And the fairies would sometimes have to climb up stairs in the doll house. And sometimes the fairies would play with the jump rope, and they could do jump rope in the air while they were flying inside the doll house. And the fairies used to love to jump between the beds and also to do somersaults and cartwheels and to jump up and down and just to have so much fun in the doll house. But the problem was that fairies never came. The doll house was just a regular dollhouse. It was pretend. And Ona wished so, so hard. One night, she was thinking about it as she went to sleep. And Ona was thinking, while I'm sleeping, please can the doll house turn real? While I'm sleeping, please can the doll house turn real? And she was thinking it to herself, and she wasn't saying it out loud. And she said it again. While the doll house while I'm sleeping, can the doll house please, please turn real? And then that night, Ona fell asleep on her bed. While she was sleeping, there is a storm outside. And the storm made a kind of thunder that sounded like cars honking their horns like yebbon. Yeah, it was a strange kind of thunder. It didn't seem like it came from regular clouds. It almost seemed like there were boats in the distant night in the mist, making their foghorns make noises like but it wasn't coming from boats at all. It was coming from the clouds, because when fairies are traveling through clouds, they usually have to let other fairies know that that's where they are so they don't bump into each other when they're in the clouds, because it's so hard to see, even for fairies when they're in clouds. And all of the fairies were going through the clouds because they had decided that night to go down the chimney of Ona's house. And some of them snuck through a window, and they went all the way inside Ona's house, through the door to her room and under the door. Also, because fairies are so small, they could fit under doors, and they went right into Ona's pretend doll house. Yeah. Bud I thought you were talking about fairy as the kind of boat. The fairy well, we were talking about foghorns and a fairy boat, but I'm also talking about fairies that have magic wands and that have little wings and can fly. And all of the fairies, with their magic wands use their little kind of fairy wings that look like butterfly wings but are see through to flap right into Ona's special doll house. And Ona was still sleeping. But while she was sleeping, she kind of saw even though she was asleep, it was almost like she was dreaming. She saw that the fairies were all together putting their magic wands they made their magic wands touch each other. And the fairies were flying in a circle, all of them holding up their magic wands. And the magic wands were touching each other in the middle. And the circle of fairies would turn round and round inside the dollhouse until suddenly a star came right in middle of all of the fairy wands in the air where the fairies were turning around and dancing. It was a little tiny star, but it was a piece of a star from outer space where the fairies came from. And that was enough to turn the doll house real well. The next morning, Ona woke up and she looked at her doll house and she saw that it looked a little bit different. When Ona woke up, the doors of the doll house turned into strings, and it looked like the fairies had decorated. Inside, the fairies put a special kind of carpet that felt so soft, it was even softer than a kitty cat. And the fairies also decorated all of the lights with candy lights. And the way candy lights work is that you put it in the ceiling, and it looks like it's a regular candy, but you put it into the kind of light bulb thing in the ceiling, the socket, and then the candy will light up, and that's what the fairies used to decorate the doll house. Yeah. Bud so this actually might work in real life. If you put a bunch of lollipop that are purple in a light bulb piece and turn the light switch on, the light switch will end up being purple yeah. And Ona also realized that the fairies were so good at decorating because sometimes they put, like, lollipops down from the roof of the doll house. From the ceiling of the doll house. And they had flashlights that tried to go through the purple lollipops, and it made the light of the flashlights purple. And so it was so much fun. And it looked like inside of the doll house, the fairies were still hard at work in middle of decorating because they were making a big fairy party. Ona was so excited, she told her mom, mom, we have to go and get Ellia, my sister, and also and we also have to get dad, and we have to look at the special doll house. And so Ona's sister and her mom and her dad came rushing to her bedroom. And when they looked inside the bedroom and they saw the doll house and they saw all the fairies, they finally had to believe that it really was the kind of doll house that did turn real, because fairies came inside and then they were looking at all of the nice decorations that the fairies put in the doll house. Yeah, bud. What if one of them was like, oh, candy, grabbed all the fairy candy and was like and Ona was worried that her parents or her sister might take candy, and she told them, don't take any of the candy, because that's for the fairies. And just as she said that, she saw that the fairies were in middle of making something new. And Ona's sister and her parents also saw the fairies came out of the dollhouse, and they were doing that thing where they floated in the air and beat their butterfly wings and where they were dancing and putting their magic wands together. And then the fairies started to sing a song that sounded like ho la hola. And as the fairies were singing the song in middle of the air, a super sparkly crown started to appear. And that was also from a piece of the star. And stars are so bright that this super sparkly crown was the sparkliest, brightest crown in the whole world. And the fairies put their magic wands back in their pockets, and they started to carry the most sparkly, Diamondy twinkly glittery crown that ever existed in the universe. And they put it right on top of Ona's head. And one of the fairies told Ona that she is secretly a princess. And the fairy gave Ona a jewel that can glow in the dark. And Ona told her family that from now on, because she was a princess, she was going to do some special things. And Ona and her family lived happily ever after. The end.