Welcome to makeup stories. Makeup stories is the best podcast ever. My name is Amelia, and tell all your friends about it. My name is Devin, and I live in Wendy, and I'm four years old. I asked the story that includes a fairy, a piggy docker fly, and a kitty that's walking. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a four year old girl whose name is Devin and who lives in red deer, Alberta, Canada. And Devin asks for us to make up a story that includes a fairy, a piggy that could fly, and a kitty that can walk. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Devin. Devin was such a good four year old girl that she even knew how to talk to pretend fairies. And when Devin would talk to pretend fairies, she would whisper it very quietly, and nobody would be able to hear. But Devin would say things like, whispery, whispery, whispery. And I don't know if anyone could hear what that is, but that's a secret code that will allow kids to make a fairy come alive. And so Devin said whispery was spray whispery, whispery. And just as she said those words, she looked behind her. And do you know what she saw in the mirror? What? She saw that the mirror had a secret door in it and that she could walk into the mirror and go to a land where there was a fairy. So Devin opened up the door in the mirror, and she walked inside the mirror. When she walked inside the mirror, there was a big tunnel that had a lot of lights on the ceiling, and that, instead of having a ground, had a little stream in the bottom with water. And the stream with water had water that looked like it came from a bathtub because it had some bubbles in it. It had, like, bubble bath in the water, but it wasn't as deep as a bathtub. And so Devin was able to look up and see all the lights in the top of the tunnel. And as she splashed in the little puddles with her feet, she kept walking. And she saw that right to her side, there was a picture of a chicken and a frog. And the frog jumped out of the picture, and the frog jumped into the water that Devin was walking on, and the chicken said, cluck, cluck. And it flew out of the picture that it was in, and it started flying in the magic tunnel behind the mirror in Devin's house. Well, Devin went to the end, and at the very end of the tunnel, she saw a waterfall. And the waterfall was very special because it was rainbow colored water that was coming down. And when Devin got close to the waterfall, the waterfall stopped. And she saw that behind the waterfall, there was a door which was round and had jewels and special rocks on it. And it had a sign that said, kids only. No grownups and no adults allowed. Well, Devin decided that she would open up the door with the jewels that said, Kids only. No grownups allowed. And when she opened up the door, she saw that there was so much snow, it looked like they were in the North Pole. But even though there was so much snow, and even though they were in the North Pole, it wasn't cold. And Devin looked around and she saw there were a lot of silly creatures. There were fairies who didn't even have wings. And instead of magic wands, do you know what the fairies had? What? Candy cane. And there were doggies that were so silly, they had three tails. And some of the doggies would make the three tails spin around just like helicopter on the top, the rotor of a helicopter. And the doggies could fly using their three tails spinning. And there were also pigs. The pigs lived in little mud tunnels that were kind of dirty. But Devin saw that a robot came to the pigs and started to scrub a dub dub, clean up the pigs. And then do you know what the robot started to do? What? The robot started to put some feathers on the pig, and it didn't hurt the pig, since they were magic pigs. But the robot attached wings to the pig. And the pig started to fly around on top of his mud tunnel and above the snow, and he flew on top of an igloo, and he flew under a tunnel. And the pig found some ice skates that were hanging from a telephone pole, which was in Devin's secret tunnel. And the piggy went on top of the telephone pole, and he saw that if he opened up the telephone pole do you know what a telephone pole is, Bud? What a telephone pole is like, you know how everyone has, like, telephones? It's when you put a lot of telephones on top of each other and it's such a high stack of telephones, then it becomes a telephone pole. And the pig was on top of the telephone pole with all the telephones under it, and he found some ice skates hiding on top of the telephone pole. And the flying pig put on the ice skates and started to ice skate around the North Pole ice skating rink. And in the North Pole ice skating rink, the fairies used their candy cane wands in order to pass other animals. And the best skater in the whole ice skating rink in the North Pole that Devin saw after going through the mirror and the special tunnel behind the mirror with the lights on top and water on the floor. And after going through the Rainbow waterfall door and getting in the North Pole, devin saw the best ice skater of all. And the best ice skater of all had a name that was Klangu and Klangu. The ice skater was a kitty cat, but it was a kitty cat that had 2ft and kitty cats have sharp claws, so you do you know what this kitty cat did? What? The kitty cat was able to walk on his claws and he was also able to ice skate because it's good to ice skate on claws since they're sharp, just like the bottom of ice skates. And the kitty cat had this really silly dance trick where he could dance and do a silly funny dance on the ice while he was drinking some milk from a cow that was upside down and on a rope on top of the ice skating rink. And the cow had fun being upside down on a rope next to the ice skating rink because it didn't hurt since it was a magical place. And Devin was looking at the kitty cat as the kitty cat was ice skating. And the piggy decided to stop ice skating and use its wings to pick up the kitty cat. And the piggy that could fly used its wings and was flapping around on top of the ice skating rink with the kitty cat that could walk and was able to ice skate on its paws. And Devin told her friends that she forgot to tell her mom that she was going to the magic place where there were fairies and piggies that could fly and kitty cats that could walk and ice skate on their claws. And Devin told her friends that she would have to go back through the mirror into her house to have her mom put on her pajamas for nighttime. And all of her ice skating friends in the North Pole said goodbye. So Devin opened the door and went back into the tunnel, led to the mirror that was in her house. And after she got on the other side of the mirror and she was back in the house, she tried to remember the magic words that she said that made the fairy come and that made the mirror have a door that could open, but it was hard to remember. And so Devin tried her hardest. And as she was going to sleep that night in her pajamas, she remembered, but she didn't tell it to any other kids. Otherwise their mirrors might become magical as well. And Devin and her family lived happily ever after. The end. Hi, thank you for listening to Makeup Story. Tell all your friends to listen to makeup stories. Thank you.