Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse both just got some yummy chocolate pudding. They opened up their chocolate pudding and had spoons ready. They put the spoons in the chocolate pudding and then put the spoonful of chocolate pudding in their mouths, and suddenly, poof! Both of the kids vanished in a cloud and became invisible. The chocolate pudding could still be seen, but it looked like the chocolate pudding was floating. Really, it was in their mouths, and they were invisible. Jonah and Jesse couldn't even see each other. They cried, "Help, we're invisible!"

Jonah told Jesse that they should go to a mirror to see if they could even see each other in the mirror. They walked over to the bathroom through the hallway and stepped on a step stool to go up to the mirror. Jonah stepped first. Jesse couldn't even see that Jonah was on the stepstool because he was invisible. So Jesse went at the same time. Jonah said, "Stop pushing me." Jesse replied, "I didn't even know you were there." But Jonah looked in the mirror and saw that he didn't even see his reflection.

Jonah got off the stepstool, and Jonah told Jesse that they should hold hands so that they would know where they were even though they were both invisible. Soon, Jonah and Jesse's parents started to call, and they said, "Jonah, Jesse, where are you?" Jonah didn't know what to do, but he decided he would try to speak and see if anybody could still hear him. So he said, "Mom, Dad, I'm here." But his parents couldn't hear him because not only did the chocolate pudding make him invisible and also Jesse invisible, but he didn't have a voice anymore, and nobody could hear him except for Jesse. Jesse said, "What are we going to do? Mom and Dad can't hear us."

Jonah had to think of an idea. Jonah decided that they would go over to where the papers were, and he got a paper and a crayon. Jesse asked if he could have a crayon too. Jonah wrote on the paper, "I'm here, Dad." Jesse also wrote his name on the paper, "Jesse." When their parents were looking for them, Jonah and Jesse held up the sign right in front of their parents. Steve and Amanda saw this floating piece of paper and wondered, "How did that paper get there?" Steve said, "Well, it can't be holding itself, so let's just feel it." Steve put his hands right where Jonah and Jesse were. He felt Jonah's hand that was holding the paper, but he couldn't see it. Amanda couldn't see the hand either.

Steve and Amanda now could feel Jonah. Steve said, "Amanda, I think that Jonah and Jesse are invisible." Jonah said, "I am. I am." But still, nobody could hear him. Jesse said, "Guys, you have to believe us. We're really here." And nobody could hear Jesse. So Jesse started to hug Amanda's leg and pull on it. Amanda started to feel that the pull kind of felt like Jesse pulling on her leg. Amanda and Steve looked at each other and said, "I think our kids became invisible." Steve and Amanda asked, "Jonah, Jesse, is that really you?" The kids nodded yes.

Now they had a big problem because Amanda and Steve knew that Jonah and Jesse were invisible and couldn't hear them. Jonah started to write again because he still had the crayon, and he wrote "Hi." Steve said hi. But Jonah realized it was kind of a little bit annoying to have to write every time he wanted to say something to his parents. So he needed to think of another idea. Jesse said, "Hey, we also got to maybe see if we eat more chocolate pudding if it will make us turn visible again." So Jonah and Jesse held each other's hands and went back to the chocolate pudding.

Jonah and Jesse dipped their spoons in the chocolate pudding. They started lifting the chocolate pudding in the spoon up to their lips. When it got right to their lips, Jonah said, "Jesse, are you sure this is a good idea? Because maybe it'll do something even worse." Jesse said, "I don't know. I think we should just try because anyway it's yummy." Jonah said, "No, I don't know if we should eat it because something might happen to us. It already made us invisible, and it already made us lose our voice so nobody could hear us." Jonah and Jesse decided they would do it anyway. They put the chocolate pudding in their mouths.

Then what happened was Jonah and Jesse started to flicker. First, you could see them, and then they would turn invisible, and then you could see them, and then they would turn invisible. When they would talk, it would break up a little bit in between each sound. The same thing happened when you looked at them. First, you could see them. Then it was like a blink went away, and then they kept coming back. Jonah told Jesse he wasn't sure if this was good or bad because the good news was now people could see him and hear him for a little bit. But the bad news was he still wasn't regular. Jesse said they should just try to eat more chocolate pudding. So Jonah and Jesse took another spoonful of chocolate pudding, and this time, they turned regular, so they were no longer flickering. You could see Jonah and Jesse just like regular people. Their voices also sounded just like regular people. They were so happy.

Steve and Amanda asked, "Jonah and Jesse, where did you get that chocolate pudding from?" Jonah said, "Well, we just got it from the fridge." Steve said, "Yeah, but then how could it be that that chocolate pudding made you guys visible again that you can see that we can see you now?" Jonah said that he wasn't sure. Jesse revealed the secret of how the chocolate pudding got there. Jesse told everybody that while everybody was sleeping, he woke up first in the morning. When he woke up in the morning, he saw that there was a white eagle flying in the sky. The eagle was carrying the case of chocolate pudding. The eagle put the chocolate pudding at the front door. The eagle was able to talk to kids because some birds, kind of like parrots, could imitate people's sounds. They could sound like a person. This eagle was one kind of bird that could talk like a person. The eagle told Jesse that he should put the chocolate pudding in the fridge. So Jesse told everybody that that's where they really got the chocolate pudding.

Jonah asked Jesse to see if he could figure out where the eagle came from because the eagle must have gotten the chocolate pudding from somewhere. Jesse told Jonah that he had an idea. Jesse's idea was that they should dig up some worms and leave the worms out in the morning before everyone else got up to see if the eagle would come back for some worms. Sure enough, the next morning, while Jonah and Jesse's parents were still asleep, they saw that the white eagle came and flew in to eat some worms. This time, the white eagle was carrying a bracelet. The white eagle left the bracelet with Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse put the bracelet that the eagle gave them on the table, but they dared not put it on because they didn't know what would happen. Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.