Aya nayo AI. Hello. My name is VERIKA. Welcome to makeup stories. Go to the Makeup stories.com to join the club nayo AI. Tonight's makes up Story is a request from Jonah and Jesse. And Jesse asked for me to include a book and a water bottle in the story. And Jonah asked for me to include a cloud. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids named Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse both just got some yummy chocolate pudding. And they opened up their chocolate pudding and they had spoons ready. And they put the spoons in the chocolate pudding and then they put the spoonful of chocolate pudding in their mouth and suddenly, poof. Both of the kids evaporated in the cloud and became invisible. The chocolate pudding you could still see, but it looks like the chocolate pudding was in the air. Really, it was in their mouths and they were invisible. And Jonah and Jesse couldn't even see each other. And so they were like, Help, we're invisible. And Jonah told Jesse that they should go to a mirror to see if they could even see each other in the mirror. So they walked over to the bathroom through the hallway and they stepped on a step stool to go up to the mirror. And Jonah stepped first. And Jesse couldn't even see that Jonah was on the stepstool because he was invisible. So Jesse went at the same time. And Jonah said, stop pushing me. And Jesse said, I didn't even know you were there. But Jonah looked in the mirror and he saw that he didn't even see his reflection. And Jonah got off the stepstool and Jonah told Jesse that they should hold hands so that they would know where they are even though they were both invisible. Soon Jonah and Jesse's parents started to call and they said, Jonah, Jesse, where are you? And Jonah didn't know what to do, but he decided he would try to speak and see if anybody could still hear him. So he said mom, dad, I'm here. But his parents couldn't hear him because not only did the chocolate pudding make him invisible and also Jesse invisible, but he didn't have a voice anymore and nobody could hear him except for Jesse. And so Jesse said, what are we going to do? Mom and dad can't hear us. And Jonah had to think of an idea. Jonah decided that they would go over to where the papers were and he got a paper and he also got a crayon. And Jesse asked if he could have a crayon too. And Jonah wrote on the paper, I'm here, dad. And Jesse also wrote his name on the paper, Jesse. And then when his parents were looking for him, jonah and Jesse held up the sign right in front of their parents. And Steve and Amanda, they saw this floating piece of paper and they were like, how did that paper get there? And Steve said, well, it can't be holding itself, and so let's just feel it. And Steve put his hands right where Jonah and Jesse were. And Steve felt Jonah's hand that was holding the paper, but he couldn't see it. And Amanda couldn't see the hand either. So Steve and Amanda now could feel Jonah. And Steve said, amanda, I think that Jonah and Jesse are invisible. And Jonah said, I am. I am. But still nobody could hear him. And Jesse said, guys, you have to believe us. We're really here. And nobody could hear Jesse. So Jesse started to hug Amanda's leg and to pull on it. And Amanda started to feel that that pull kind of felt like Jesse pulling on her leg. And Amanda and Steve looked at each other and they said, I think our kids became invisible. And Steve and Amanda said, jonah, Jesse, is that really you? And the kids? Jonah decided to put Steve's hand right under his chin. And then Jonah nodded yes, moving his chin up and down. And that's how he showed his dad that the answer was yes, he was really there. And Jesse took Amanda's hand and put Amanda's finger in his mouth. And Amanda felt that it was wet. And she said, EW. And then Jesse said tricked you. And then he laughed. And that's when Amanda knew it really was Jesse, because that is a Jesse trick. Now they had a big problem because Amanda and Steve knew that Jonah and Jesse were invisible and couldn't hear them. And Jonah started to write again because he still had the crayon, and he wrote Hi. Hi. And Steve said hi. But Jonah realized it was kind of a little bit like it took too much time. It was a little bit annoying to have to write every time he wanted to say something to his parents. So he needed to think of another idea. And Jesse said, hey, we also got to maybe see if we eat more chocolate pudding if it will make us turn visible again. So Jonah and Jesse held each other's hands and they went back to the chocolate pudding. And Jonah and Jesse dipped their spoons in the chocolate pudding. And they started lifting the chocolate pudding in the spoon up to their lips. And when it got right to their lips, jonah said, jesse, are you sure this is a good idea? Because maybe it'll do something even worse. And Jesse said, I don't know. I think we should just try because anyway it's yummy. And Jonah said, no, I don't know if we should eat it because something might happen to us. It already made us invisible, and it already made us lose our voice so nobody could hear us. And Jonah and Jesse decided they would do it anyway. So they put the chocolate pudding in their mouth. And then what happened was Jonah and Jesse started to flicker. First you could see them, and then they would turn invisible, and then you could see them, and then they would turn invisible. And when they would talk, instead of sounding like this hi, my name is Jonah, it would sound kind of like this. It would break up a little bit in between each sound. And the same is what happened when you looked at him. First you could see him. And then it was like a blink went away, and then he kept coming back. And Jonah told Jesse he wasn't sure if this was good or bad because the good news is now people could see him and hear him for a little bit. But the bad news is he still wasn't regular. And Jesse said they should just try to eat more chocolate pudding. So Jonah and Jesse took another spoonful of chocolate pudding, and this time, they turned regular, so they were no longer flickering. You could see Jonah and Jesse just like regular people. And their voices also sounded just like regular people. So they were so happy. And Steve and Amanda said, Jonah and Jesse, where did you get that chocolate pudding from? And Jonah said, well, we just got it from the fridge. And Steve said, yeah, but then how could it be that that chocolate pudding made you guys visible again that you can see that we can see you now? And Jonah said that he wasn't sure. And Jesse really is the one that knew the secret of how the chocolate pudding got there. Jesse told everybody that while everybody was sleeping, he woke up first in the morning. And when he woke up in the morning, he saw that there was an eagle that was flying in the sky. And the eagle was a white eagle, and it was carrying the case of chocolate pudding. And the eagle put the chocolate pudding at the front door. And the eagle was able to talk to kids because some birds, kind of like parrots, could imitate people sounds. They could sound like a person. And this eagle was one kind of bird that could talk like a person. And the eagle told Jesse that it should put the chocolate pudding in the fridge. So Jesse told everybody that that's where they really got the chocolate pudding. And Jonah asked Jesse to see if he could figure out where the eagle came from because the eagle must have gotten the chocolate pudding from somewhere. And Jesse told Jonah that he had an idea. And Jesse's idea was that they should dig up some worms and they would leave the worms out in the morning before everyone else got up to see if the eagle would come back for some worms. And sure enough, the next morning, while Jonah and Jesse's parents were still asleep, they saw that the white eagle came and flew in to eat some worms. And this time, the white eagle was carrying a bracelet. And the white eagle left the bracelet with Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse put the bracelet that the eagle gave them on the table, but they dared not put it on because they didn't know what would happen. And Jonah and Jesse and Steve and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to make up stories. My name is Flora go to Make Up Story to join the club. Tell your friends.