Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Josephine. Josephine was planning a party where her friends would come over to her house, and they would play with her pretend kitchen. They would pretend to bake cupcakes and have a big cupcake party afterwards. But before Josephine could invite her friends over, she saw a line of little ants right outside her house, near her backyard. She wasn't so close, so it was kind of hard to see. But all of the ants were walking from a hole in the ground and marching in a line into her house. The ants were going right up to the fruit basket, and they were eating some oranges.

Josephine told her mom about the ants going into their house and that she thought because there were so many ants marching, they wouldn't be able to have the party. Josephine's mom asked her to show her where the ants were. Josephine got her magnifying glass and brought it over to the ants. She put the magnifying glass on top of the ants and looked closely. To her surprise, they weren't really ants. They were little, itty bitty kitty cats. There must have been 10,000 kitty cats, because they were only as big as ants. The kitty cats that looked like ants were going into Josephine's house to look for an orange.

Josephine showed her mom the little kitty cats that were just the size of ants. Her mom looked and saw that Josephine was right, and they were very furry and soft. They went to the fruit basket and saw that inside of the orange, the little kitty cats were leaving kitty food. All of the oranges on the inside didn't have orange; they had kibbles. Josephine also looked at the other fruit, and she opened up a banana. She saw that there was kitty food in the banana too.

Josephine knew that there must have been some kind of magic spell because, in the regular world, kitty cats are the size of cats, not the size of ants. And they wouldn't go and eat an orange that would be full of kitty kibbles. Who even heard of that? So Josephine told her mom that they would need to solve the mystery.

Josephine went to her backyard and looked at the hole that the little kitty cat ants were coming from. She told her mom that they should try to look very closely by pointing a flashlight in the hole. Josephine got a flashlight, pointed it in the hole, and saw a secret tunnel that led to a big underground world. She told her mom they needed to get a shovel to dig up a way to get to the tunnel. Josephine and her mom dug up a tunnel, went inside, and saw that there were kitty cats of all colors. There were purple kitty cats, pink kitty cats, and even yellow kitty cats with green dots on them. Some of the kitty cats looked like their fur was drawn on with crayons. Some of the kitty cats had light bulbs in their eyes, and some had little tongues made out of paper. It was a very strange world.

On the walls of the caves, there were crystals that looked like pieces of ice. But the crystals would change shapes into triangles, circles, and squares when you looked at them. As they walked around, they also saw little dogs. The little kitty cats were in charge of the dogs, and the dogs were even smaller than the kitty cats. The dogs were smaller than ladybugs.

Josephine saw that in this big underground world, there were so many different animals that were really small, and the kitty cats seemed to be in charge of all the animals. The kitty cats sometimes went on grasshopper rides if they wanted to hop around to different parts of the underground world. Sometimes the kitty cats loved to blow up balloons. There were so many balloons in the underground world. Kitties usually are not so good at blowing balloons, but that's why Josephine realized all of the kitties used straws to blow up balloons. They would just blow through the straw, and the straw would be attached to a balloon. Once the little kitty cats blew up a little balloon using the straw, the balloon would start to float through the air, and it became a hot air balloon. You could see a little bit of fire go down the bottom, but it was just a spark, not a lot, and it didn't hurt. The hot air balloons that were from the regular balloons that the kitty cat ants blew up would fly around and give people rides, and they would draw pretty colors in the underground sky.

Well, Josephine still didn't know who the ruler of the whole land was because there wasn't a kitty cat that was in charge. Josephine saw a picture of a unicorn on one of the walls in the cave. It looked like a grown-up drew the picture. The unicorn had a nice horn, looked kind of like a horse, but it was white, and you could tell that it had a little bit of magic on it. The unicorn was smiling in the picture and wagging its tail. As Josephine looked at the unicorn picture, she saw that the unicorn started to move in the picture and then walked out of the picture into the underground world. That's when Josephine realized that the unicorn was the one who was the king of the world.

The unicorn said that she was actually a queen and that as queen of the world, she was the one that made all of the ants into kitty cats. Josephine understood that they used to be ants, and the unicorn turned them into little kitty cats. The unicorn told Josephine that one way for kitty cats to be born is from their mama kitty cats. But the unicorn discovered a new way to turn little ants into little kitty cats that eventually grow up and become bigger and bigger kitty cats. The unicorn had a special kind of thing that looked like a microwave, but it wasn't for food. If the unicorn put the ants in the special kind of microwave that didn't hurt the ants, it would change the ants into little baby kitty cats. And then when the kitty cats got bigger, they wouldn't just eat regular fruit. They would be able to turn whenever they bit an apple, they would turn it into kitty kibbles on the inside. The unicorn said that was really cool.

Josephine asked if she could see that special kind of microwave, and the unicorn said, okay. Josephine remembered that she had a little bean in her pocket and that she got that bean from a book about a princess. So Josephine asked the unicorn if she could put the little bean in the microwave, or the thing that looked like a microwave. The unicorn said, okay. Josephine pushed the button to open the microwave door, put the bean inside, and pressed a button. The microwave started to beep. When she opened up the microwave, she saw that her bean had started to grow, and on the other side of the underground cave, there was a little princess. The little princess was the same age as Josephine. All the little princess wanted to do was to be Josephine's friend.

Josephine, the princess, and Josephine's whole family lived happily ever after. The end.