Welcome to makeup stories. This is your host, Steve. I have an important announcement to make. Now makesup stories. Has a website. It's makeup stories.com. If you're a kid and you want to be on this podcast, then ask your parents to go to Makeup stories.com on their phone or on their computer. Welcome to makeup stories. My name is Kaya. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. Hello. My name is Josephine. I am seven years old, and I live in St. Louis, Missouri. I would like a story about a unicorn, 10,000 cats, and a play kitchen where you put a bean in the microwave, and your favorite princess is waiting in the hallway. Thank you. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a girl named Josephine, who lives in St. Louis, Missouri, and who is seven years old. And so we want to say, Hi, Josephine. Hello, Josephine. That's silly. And Josephine asked for us to make up a story that includes a unicorn, 10,000 cats, and a play kitchen. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl whose name was Josephine. Josephine was planning a party where some of her friends would come over to her house, and they would use a pretend kitchen that she had to pretend to bake, and then they would have a big cupcake party afterwards. But before Josephine could invite her friends over, she saw that right outside of her house, right near her backyard, there was a line of little ants. All of the ants. She wasn't so close, so it was kind of hard to see. But all of the ants were walking from a hole in the ground and marching in a line into her house, and the ants were going right up to the fruit basket, and they were eating some oranges. Well, Josephine told her mom that there are some ants going in her house and that she thought because there were so many ants marching, they wouldn't be able to have the party. And Josephine's mom told Josephine, well, why don't you show me where the ants are? And Josephine got her magnifying glass, and she brought it over to the ants. And Josephine put the magnifying glass on top of the ants. And when she looked closely, she saw that they weren't really ants. They were little, itty bitty kitty cats. It must have been 10,000 kitty cats, because they were kitty cats that were only as big as ants. And the kitty cats that looked like ants, those were the ones that were going into Josephine's house to look for an orange. Then Josephine said to her mom, look, I saw under the magnifying glass that really, these aren't ants. They're little kitty cats that are just the size of ants. And Josephine's mom looked, and she saw that Josephine was right and that they were very furry and soft. And Josephine's mom took them straight to the fruit basket, and they saw that inside of the orange. The little kitty cats were leaving kitty food. And all of the oranges on the inside didn't have orange. They had kibbles. And then Josephine also looked at the other fruit, and she opened up a banana, and she saw that there was kitty food in the banana. And Josephine knew that there must have been some kind of magic spell, because in the regular world, kitty cats are the size of cats. They're not the size of ants. And they wouldn't go and eat an orange that would be full of, like, kitty kibbles. Who even heard of that? So Josephine told her mom that they would need to solve the mystery. Josephine went to her backyard, and she looked at the hole that the little kitty cat ants were coming from, and she told her mom that they should try to look very closely by pointing a flashlight in the hole. And Josephine got a flashlight, and she pointed it in the hole, and she saw that there was a secret tunnel that led to a big underground world. And she told her mom they needed to get a shovel to dig up a way to get to the tunnel. And Josephine and her mom dug up a tunnel, and they went inside the tunnel, and they saw that there were kitty cats that were all colors. There were purple kitty cats, there were pink kitty cats. There were yellow kitty cats that had green dots on them. There were even kitty cats that it looked like their fur was drawn on with, like, crayons. Some of the kitty cats had light bulbs in their eyes, and some of the kitty cats had little tongues that were made out of paper. It was a very strange world. And on the walls of all of the caves, there were kind of crystals that looked like pieces of ice. But the crystals that looked like pieces of ice, when you looked at them, they would change shapes, and they would be triangles and circles and squares. And if you walked around, you could also see that there were some little dogs. And the little kitty cats were actually in charge of the dogs. And the little kitty cats had pet dogs, and the dogs were even smaller than the kitty cats. The dogs were smaller than ladybugs. Josephine saw that in this big underground world, there were so many different animals that were really small, and that the kitty cats seemed to be in charge of all of the animals. And the kitty cats, sometimes they went on grasshopper rides if they wanted to hop around to different parts of the underground world. And sometimes the kitty cats would love to blow up balloons. And there were so many balloons in the underground world. Kitties usually are not so good at blowing balloons, but that's why Josephine realized all of the kitties, they used straws to blow up balloons, and they would just blow through the straw, and the straw would be attached to a balloon. And then once the little kitty cats blew up a little balloon using the straw by blowing through the straw, then the balloon would start to float through the air, and it became kind of a hot air balloon. And you can see a little bit of fire go down the bottom, but it was just like a spark, not a lot, and it didn't hurt. And those hot air balloons that were from the regular balloons that the kitty cat ants blew up would fly around and give people rides, and they would draw pretty colors in the underground sky. Well, Josephine still didn't know who the ruler of the whole land was, because there wasn't, like, a kitty cat that was in charge. And Josephine saw that there was a picture of a unicorn. The picture of the unicorn was on one of the walls in the cave. It looked like a grown up drew the picture. The unicorn had a nice unicorn horn. It looked kind of like a horse, but it was white, and you could tell that it had a little bit of magic on it. The unicorn was smiling in the picture, and it was wagging its tail. And when Josephine looked at the unicorn picture, josephine saw that the unicorn started to move in the picture, and then it walked out of the picture into the underground world. And that's when Josephine realized that the unicorn was the one who is the king of the world. The unicorn said that she was actually a queen and that as queen of the world, she was the one that made all of the ants into kitty cats. And then Josephine was like, oh, now I know they used to be ants, and you turn them into little kitty cats. And the unicorn told Josephine that one way for kitty cats to be born is from their mama kitty cats. But the unicorn discovered a new way to turn little ants into little kitty cats that eventually grow up, and they become bigger and bigger kitty cats. And the way it is is the unicorn had a special kind of thing that looked like a microwave, but it wasn't for food. And if the unicorn put the ants in the special kind of microwave that didn't hurt the ants, it would change the ants into little baby kitty cats. And then when the kitty cats got bigger, they wouldn't just eat regular fruit. They would be able to turn whenever they bit like an apple, they would turn it into kitty kibbles in the inside. And the unicorn said that was really cool. And then Josephine asked if she could see that special kind of microwave, and the unicorn said, okay. And Josephine remembered that she had a little bean in her pocket and that she got that bean from a book about a princess. So Josephine asked the unicorn if she could put the little bean in the microwave, or the thing that looked like a microwave. And the unicorn said, okay. And then Josephine pushed the button to open the microwave door. She put the bean inside, and she pressed a button, and the microwave started to beep. And when she opened up the microwave, she saw that her bean had started to grow, and that on the other side of the underground cave, there was a little princess. And the little princess was the same age as Josephine. And all the little princess wanted to do was to be Josephine's friend. And Josephine and the princess and Josephine's whole family lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. Now we're going to listen to some shoutouts from different kids. If you want to be featured on Makeup Stories, then now you can ask a parent to visit Makeup stories.com on their phone or on their computer and then follow the instructions. Here are the shoutouts. Hi. My name is Mimi. I am from Dopamine Artist. I am nine years old almost, and I like to give the shout out to three people. My dad, my dad's girlfriend, and my cousin Maggie Lala. Thank you. Hi. My name is Nuralia. I'm four years old, and I live in Melbourne, Australia. And I would like to say hello to Viana. Hello. Thanks for listening to Makeup story. My name is Rose from Alberta, Canada. Best podcast ever. Tell your friend. Bye.