Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a princess whose name was Kaya. And Kaya lived in a faraway land, in a faraway castle. And the castle that she lived in was really special because it had big water fountains in front of the castle. Only the water fountains had chocolate in them instead of water. And Kaya had a little baby sister that also lived in the castle, and that sister's name Reya. And Kaya and Reya were the princesses in the special chocolate castle.

One day, as Kaya was walking about through the garden, she smelled something very interesting and silly smelling, and she said, "Mom." And her mama was the queen. She said, "Mom, what do I smell?" And Kaya's mama said, "That's Rosemary." And Kaya walked around, and she was surrounded by rosemary bushes, and Kaya smelled that rosemary smelled very interesting. And the next day, as they were cooking dinner, Kaya asked her mom if she could smell some rosemary in the kitchen, and her mom had some in a spice jar.

Well, after they went to bed that night, Kaya had a special dream. And in the dream, she and her sister opened up the window to her bedroom, and they climbed down a ladder safely with a grown-up watching, until they got to the bottom of the castle. When they got to the bottom of the castle, under one of the chocolate water fountains, there was a sandbox. And in the sandbox, there lived lots of interesting creatures. One of the creatures that lived in the sandbox jumped so much, and his name was Jumpy the Grasshopper. Jumpy the Grasshopper was the king of all grasshoppers, and that is why he lived in the palace with Kaya and Reya the princesses.

Jumpy the Grasshopper was not a regular grasshopper because Jumpy the Grasshopper had a leash. He was a pet grasshopper. Usually, grasshoppers are pretty small, like the size of a couple of fingers. But this grasshopper, Jumpy, was so big, it was as big as a horse. And Jumpy the Grasshopper had special clothing that it wore. And the rule was that Kaya and Reya were able to go on rides on Jumpy the Grasshopper, and they had to strap in the seatbelt. And then they would go on a ride and Jumpy would jump all over.

One day, Kaya and Reya asked their mom if they could go out on an adventure with Jumpy. And the mom said yes. So they strapped themselves into Jumpy the Grasshopper. And then they said, "Jumpy the Grasshopper, we're going to press the adventure button." And Jumpy the Grasshopper said okay. And they pressed the red adventure button on Jumpy the Grasshopper, and he decided to hop so far, he hopped all the way away from the castle onto a cloud.

And Jumpy the Grasshopper got so high up on the cloud that this was Kaya's first time and Reya's first time being so high up on the grasshopper. And so they asked Jumpy the Grasshopper if it's safe. And Jumpy said that it was because he had a special kind of spider web that he attached to clouds to hold him up. And Jumpy the Grasshopper hopped from cloud to cloud to cloud.

Well, on one of the clouds, they saw that there was a big water bottle. This water bottle was a water bottle that was very special to Kaya because the water bottle was Kaya's secret, special magic water bottle. This was the water bottle that Kaya used for when she was really thirsty or she had to drink when nobody was watching. And because it was her magic water bottle, she kept something sneaky in it, and it was a fish. And she would never drink the fish because the fish just lived in Kaya's water bottle. But Kaya had a silly little fish as big as a minnow or a tadpole that lived in her water bottle. And the fish lived not in regular water because in Kaya's water bottle, there was a special pink kind of liquid. It was like pink water, and it had some sugar in it. It was definitely juicy and sweet tasting. But she would always make sure never to eat the fish by accident. And her mom and her dad never knew about the fish, but Reya did know.

And so they found the water bottle sitting on the cloud, and Kaya had been missing it for a long time. So the grasshopper got it, and Kaya told the grasshopper that if he drank some of that special juice because he was thirsty, it would give him extra special jumping powers and would enable him to jump so far. And Jumpy the Grasshopper said okay. So he got the water bottle, and he put it right by his grasshopper lips, and he took a little taste of it. And do you know what happened? He got turbo rocket engine boosters on all of his legs, and he asked Princess Kaya and her sister Reya if they could go on a bigger adventure. And they said, okay. So he hopped from a cloud all the way to the Moon.

And when Kaya and Reya got with Jumpy the Grasshopper to the Moon, they saw something very silly. They saw that there was a rope that attached the Moon all the way to the Earth, and that's how the Moon wouldn't fall away from the Earth. But the rope was kind of sturdy. It looked almost like a pole, and that's why the Moon wouldn't fall to the Earth. Well, Jumpy the Grasshopper, and Kaya and Reya decided that instead of jumping down from the Moon to the cloud, because that's a big jump, they would take the rope and the pole back down to Earth. So Jumpy the Grasshopper went all the way down the rope and pole that holds the Moon to the Earth. And when he got to the bottom, he found that he was in a big playground.

In the playground, which was as big as a whole city, there were other grasshoppers. The other grasshoppers. The name of the city that Jumpy the Grasshopper went to was Grasshoppaville. And Grasshoppaville was a city where only grasshoppers got to live. These were not big grasshoppers like Jumpy the Grasshopper. It was little grasshoppers, regular size, like a few fingers big. And they were jumping about, and they were so happy to see their king grasshopper, Jumpy the Grasshopper. And Kaya said that all of them could have a little bit of her special magic drink, and she gave all of the little grasshoppers a little bit. And then she told Jumpy it's time for her to go back to the castle. And Jumpy jumped from there all the way back to the castle, where Kaya and Reya lived happily ever after. The end.