Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named Jesse. It was the weekend, and Jesse and his family were planning to go on a picnic. So they filled a basket with food, including hot dogs, pretzels, water, and orange juice. Jesse also brought a big towel for them to sit or lay on during their picnic. Jesse's mom packed some paper towels, and Jesse's big brother Jonah brought plates. They carried everything in a bag to a playground near a lake.

The playground near the lake had a really special feature. Part of the playground floated on the lake, surrounded by water. To get to the playground, you had to press a button in the middle of a sandpit on the beach. When you pressed the orange button, caterpillars would walk on the water and bring the playground to the shore. Then, kids could go onto the playground, and the caterpillars would carry it back to the middle of the water.

There was a swing on the playground, and Jesse wanted to swing, but there was nobody to push him. So Jesse needed the playground to go back to the shore so his dad could push him. But Jesse forgot how to ask the caterpillars to carry the playground back. Finally, Jesse had an idea. He decided to sprinkle breadcrumbs on the water, hoping the hungry caterpillars would follow the trail back to the beach.

Jesse started sprinkling breadcrumbs, and the caterpillars carried the playground from the middle of the lake, following the breadcrumbs to the beach. When they reached the beach, Jesse asked his dad, "Dad, can you push me on the swing?" And Jesse's dad, Steve, said, "Okay." They went to the floating playground together.

When Jesse's dad got on the playground, the caterpillars transformed into turtles with hard shells. The playground rose even higher out of the water. Jesse, Jonah, and Steve went to the middle of the playground, and Jesse's dad started to push Jesse on the swing.

This was a special swing because it went all the way around in a circle. Kids didn't have to worry about falling off because the swing seat had a "glue off seat" button to release them. Steve gave Jesse a little push, and Jesse swung in circles. All the kids on the playground wanted a turn, too.

Jesse told his dad he was ready for the picnic. They needed the turtles to take the floating playground back to the shore, but Jesse didn't know how to talk to the turtles, and they didn't eat breadcrumbs. Finally, Jesse had an idea. His dad had a picture of the beach, so Jesse showed it to the turtles. Recognizing the beach, the turtles carried the playground back to the shore.

When they reached the beach, Jesse, Jonah, and Steve found Amanda waiting with the picnic. Jesse started eating, and when he bit into a pretzel, it magically turned into two pretzels. The food at their picnic was magical! Jesse also tasted the juice, which made him grow bigger with each sip.

Jesse was having fun, but the playground started to float away. They had to finish their dinner before playing again. As Jesse finished eating, another kid named Elliot asked if he could share some food. Jesse agreed, and they became good friends.

The picnic had to end because the sun was setting, and parts of the sky turned into ice cubes. It was time for Jesse and his family to go home. They packed up their picnic stuff, waved goodbye to the turtles, and remembered the fun swing. They put their picnic things in their magic car's trunk and floated all the way back to their house. Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.