Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was Jesse. It was the weekend, and Jesse and his family were planning to go on a picnic. So they got a basket full of food, including some hot dogs, pretzels, water, and orange juice. Jesse also got a really big towel so that they could lay on it or sit on it during their picnic. Jesse's mom also got some paper towels, and Jesse's big brother Jonah got some plates. They carried all of that in a bag to a playground that was near a lake.

The playground that was near the lake had a really special thing. Part of the playground was surrounded by water, and the playground itself floated on top of the lake. The only way to get to the playground was if you pressed a button that was in the middle of the sandpit, which was on the beach. If you went to the middle of the sandpit on the beach next to the playground and pressed an orange button, then suddenly a lot of caterpillars would start walking on top of the water, and they would bring the playground back to the shore. Then, if you were a kid, you could go onto the playground, and the caterpillars would carry the playground back to the middle of the water.

Well, there was a swing on the playground, and Jesse was on the swing, but there was nobody to push him. So Jesse needed the playground to go back to the shore by the beach so that he could get his dad to push him in the playground. But the problem was, Jesse forgot how to ask the caterpillars to carry the playground back over the water all the way to the shore, where his dad was talking to a different grown-up at the beach. Finally, Jesse had an idea. Jesse decided that because he had a little bit of bread with him, he would sprinkle the bread on the water, and then the caterpillars would be hungry, so they would start to eat the bread. Jesse would keep sprinkling some breadcrumbs all the way over the lake back to the beach. And wherever he would sprinkle the breadcrumbs, that's where the caterpillars would carry the playground.

So Jesse pointed to where his dad was, and he started sprinkling out some breadcrumbs. All of the caterpillars started to carry the playground from the middle of the lake, following the breadcrumbs all the way back to the beach. When they got to the beach, Jesse went off of the playground island, and he said to his dad, "Dad, I need somebody to push me on the swing." And Jesse's dad, Steve, said, "Okay." Jesse's dad held Jesse's hand, and together, they went to the island playground.

When Jesse's dad got on the island playground, suddenly the caterpillars started to transform into turtles, and all of the caterpillars turned into big turtles with hard shells. The playground island got even higher up out of the water. Jesse, Jonah, and Steve went to the middle of the playground with all of the turtles holding it up, and Jesse's dad started to push Jesse on the swing.

This was a special swing because the swing went all the way around. Even if a grown-up pushed you a little bit, the swing went so high up, it went down on the other side. It made a whole circle. Kids didn't have to worry about falling off because when you sat down on this swing, it glued you to the seat. If you wanted to come off the seat, all you had to do was press the "glue off seat" button. So Steve gave Jesse a little push on the swing, and Jesse was doing so many circles around the entire swing. All of the kids who were playing in the playground wanted a turn, too.

Jesse told his dad that his turn was going to be over because he was ready to have a picnic. So Jesse went off the swing. Jesse needed the turtles to take the floating playground island back to the shore because that is where they had pretzels, juice, and also some yummy hot dogs for the picnic. But he didn't know how to talk to the turtles, and the turtles didn't even like to eat breadcrumbs, so Jesse didn't know what to do. Finally, Jesse had an idea. Jesse's dad, Steve, carried a picture of the beach. Jesse decided to show the picture to the turtles, and all of the turtles, when they saw the picture of the beach, started to crawl on top of the water. They carried the playground island all the way back to the beach because they recognized it from the picture.

When the playground island got back on the beach, Jesse, Jonah, and Steve went off the turtle playground island. When they got on the beach, they saw that Amanda was waiting for them, and Amanda had the picnic already. Jesse started to eat first, and when he took one bite of the pretzel, he saw that the pretzel turned into two pretzels. There was one in his mouth, but the other one went back in his fingers. They had magic food that they brought to their picnic. Jesse also decided to taste the juice. When he started to drink it from a cup, Jesse saw that the juice made you bigger, and you could get as big as you want if you drank enough juice.

Jesse was having a lot of fun at the picnic, but he saw that the playground island was starting to float away. Jesse told Steve and Amanda that they weren't going to have time to play in the playground island anymore because first they had to finish their dinner. Just as Jesse was finishing up his dinner, another kid came up to Jesse. The other kid was someone that Jesse recognized from the playground island. That kid also went to the same school as Jesse. The kid asked Jesse if he could share some of Jesse's food, and Jesse said, "Okay." He shared some of his food with that kid, and his name was Elliot. Elliot told Jesse that he liked to play with him and also to be his friend. Jesse and Elliot became very good friends.

The picnic was getting to have to be over because the sun was starting to set. As the sun was setting, parts of the sky were turning into an ice cube. It was time for Jesse and his family to go home. So they went right back to their car after packing up their picnic equipment, and Jesse waved goodbye to the turtles that were carrying the playground island. Jonah said, "And remember about the swing that went all the way around?" They put their picnic stuff in the trunk of their car, and then Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda went in their magic car and floated all the way back to their house. Jesse, Jonah, Steve, and Amanda lived happily ever after. The end.