Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl named Amanda. Amanda lived with her family on the side of a mountain in a big barn. Amanda's mom and dad used to drive her to school together, and they would drop her off at school. When her mom and dad left, she would start to cry because she wanted her mom and dad to stay at school with her.

One day, Amanda told her mom that she had a deal. She told her mom that if she stayed for 10 seconds, then she would let her mom give her a kiss goodnight. So her mom agreed and stayed for 10 seconds, counting to ten. However, Amanda didn't want her mom to leave even though the 10 seconds were up. She said, "If you stay for five more seconds, then I won't cry." Amanda's mom stayed for five more seconds, and when the time was up, she said, "Okay, now I really have to go." But Amanda started to cry.

When Amanda started to cry and her mom left, there was a mean big boy who was a preschooler who came over to Amanda and said, "Amanda is a crybaby." That made Amanda feel even worse. So she turned around and looked in the corner. Then a teacher came over and told the big boy that he wasn't being nice and that he needed to be nicer to Amanda in the future. Amanda went over to the teacher, and she cried. She said, "He didn't even say he's sorry." The teacher said, "You know what? You're right. He has to say, 'I'm sorry.'" She went over to the big boy and told him he had to apologize because he wasn't allowed to call anyone a crybaby.

The big boy said, "Well, I don't even know her name." Amanda told him, "My name is Amanda Beatrice Goldberg. No nicknames." The boy said, "Beatrice? I've never heard that kind of name." Amanda said, "No nicknames." The boy agreed.

Soon it was time for them to play outside. Amanda went with the rest of her preschool class outside. She loved the slide the most, so she went on the slide first. When she got all the way down, she said, "Wee!" At the bottom of the slide, there was another girl named Nancy who said, "Amanda, you're so good at going on the slide. Could we team up and be friends?" Amanda agreed, and now she was feeling happy because she wanted other kids to be her friend.

Amanda was new at that school. She and Nancy decided to go and do a trick on the slide together where they did the "ChuChu train" move. Amanda was in front, and Nancy was behind her, and they said "ChuChu" and slid down the slide. After they did that, the mean boy, whose name was Peter, tried to copy them as well. Amanda thought of saying, "You're just copying," but she decided not to be mean to him because it's not okay to be mean, even if someone is mean to you. So Amanda decided to be quiet.

Then Amanda's friend Nancy and Amanda started to talk. Amanda's friend said to Nancy, "I have an idea." Nancy asked, "What's your idea?" Amanda said, "How about we make it into a water slide, and we put the hose on it?" Nancy agreed, thinking it was a good idea. So Amanda went up to the teacher and asked if they could put a hose on the top of the slide and make a water slide so it would be slippery and fun. The teacher announced Amanda's idea to the class, and everyone loved it. They all thanked Amanda for the idea, and everyone wanted to be her friend.

Amanda told her friend Nancy that since they were friends, Nancy could go first because sharing is caring, and friends share. The teacher turned the hose on and put it on top of the slide. Nancy slid down the slide first, and her bottom got so wet. When she got to the bottom, she said, "It was so much fun!" Amanda said, "Okay, I'm coming next." She went down the slide, and then it was Peter's turn. Peter had fun and apologized to Amanda for being mean to her earlier. He asked if he could be her friend, and Amanda said he could as long as he was nice. Peter promised to be nice.

The teacher then said that whoever wanted to could go on the swings. Amanda and Nancy were the first to go on the first two swings. Amanda had a trick for going high on swings that she learned from her previous school. She showed Nancy how to do it, and soon, Amanda ended up teaching the whole class how to go high on swings.

After playtime, it was time for lunch. Amanda had a very yummy lunch that her mom made. They weren't supposed to share lunch, but everyone said, "Amanda, you have such a good lunch." After lunchtime, it was time for Amanda's mom to come. Amanda's mom came to pick her up. Amanda whispered into her mom's ear, "I want you to meet Nancy because she's my friend now." Amanda's mom looked at Nancy and said, "Nancy, I'm so happy that you are Amanda's friend." Nancy said, "I love being Amanda's friend because she teaches me how to have so much fun and to play." Nancy and Amanda gave each other hugs, and then Amanda's mom picked her up, and they went home, living happily ever after. The end.