Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big girl who was named Amanda. And Amanda lived with her family on the side of a mountain in a big barn. And Amanda's mom and Amanda's dad used to drive Amanda to school together, and they would drop Amanda off at school. And when her mom and dad left, she would start to cry because she wanted her mom and her dad to stay at school with her. One day, Amanda told her mom that she had a deal. She told her mom that if the mom stayed for 10 seconds, then she would let her mom give her a kiss good night. And so her mom said, okay. And her mom ended up staying for 10 seconds, and her mom counted to ten. Well, her mom wanted to go after 10 seconds, but Amanda said, no, don't leave school even though 10 seconds are up. If you stay for five more seconds, then I won't cry. And do you know what Amanda's mama did? She stayed for five more seconds, and then 5 seconds were up. And Amanda's mom said, okay, now I really have to go. And do you know what happened? Amanda started to cry. Well, when Amanda started to cry and her mom left, there was a mean big boy who is a preschooler who came over to Amanda and said, amanda is a cry baby. Amanda is a cry baby. And that made Amanda feel even worse. So she turned around and looked in the corner, and then a teacher came over and told the big boy that that was not being nice and that he needed to be nicer to Amanda in the future. And Amanda went over to the teacher, and she cried. And she said, he didn't even say he's sorry. And the teacher said, you know what? You're right. You know what? You are right. He has to say, I'm sorry. And she went over to the big boy and told the big boy, you have to say you're sorry, because you're not allowed to call anyone crybaby. And then the big boy said, well, I don't even know her name. And Amanda said to the big boy, my name is Amanda Beatrice Goldberg. No, no nicky names. And the big boy said, Beatrice? I've never heard that kind of name. And Amanda said, no nicki names. And the boy said, okay. Well, soon it was time for them to play outside. And so Amanda went with her rest of her kindergarten with the rest of her preschool class outside. And Amanda loved the slide the most, so she went on the slide the first. And when she got all the way down, she said, we. And at the bottom of the slide, there was another girl whose name was Nancy that said, amanda, you're so good at going on the slide. Could we team up and be friends? And Amanda said, okay. And now Amanda was feeling happy because she wanted other kids to be her friend. Well, did Amanda just go in that school? Yes, she was new in that school. And so Amanda and Nancy decided to go and do a trick on the slide to get there where they did it, the ChuChu train worry. Amanda was in front, and Nancy was behind her, and they said ChuChu and slid down the slide. After they did that, the mean boy whose name was Peter, tried to copy as well. And Amanda thought of saying, you're just copying. But she decided not to be mean to him because it's not okay to be mean, even if someone is mean to you. And so Amanda decided to be quiet. Then Amanda's friend Nancy and Amanda started to talk, and Amanda's friend said to Nancy, I have an idea. And Nancy said, what's your idea? And Amanda said, how about we make it into a water slide, and we put the hose on it? And Nancy said, that's a good idea. So Amanda went up to the teacher and said, can we put a hose on the top of the slide and then do a water slide so it'll be slippy and it'll be so much fun? And the teacher said, attention, everyone in the class. We have a most excellent idea from our new student, whose name is Amanda. This most excellent idea is to make the slide into a water slide by putting the hose on top and making it so slippy. And everyone in the class said, Yay, that is such a good idea. And the teacher said, Everyone can thank Amanda for this idea. And everyone now wanted to be Amanda's friend. And so Amanda told her friend Nancy that because they were friends, nancy could go first, because sharing is caring, and friends share. So the teacher turned the hose on and put it on top of the slide, and Nancy slid down the slide first, and her tushy got so wet when she got to the bottom, nancy said, It was so much fun. And Amanda said, okay, I'm coming next. And then she went down. And do you know whose turn it was next? Peter, the boy who was bean. And then Peter went down, and he said, we had so much fun. And he told Amanda that he was sorry for being mean to her and for saying that she's a cry baby before, because really, Amanda is a lot of fun to play with. And Amanda said that's okay. And Peter said, Can I be your friend now? And Amanda said, only if you're nice. And Peter told Amanda that he would be nice. Well, Amanda said, okay. And then the teacher said, now whoever wants could go on the swings. And Amanda and Nancy were first to go on the first two swings. And Amanda had a trick that she learned about swings from her different school. And the trick was, when you go on swings, you move your feet back and forward and pump it just like you're riding a bike, but with two legs moving at once instead of one leg at a time, and that makes you go faster. So she started pumping with her legs up and down, and she got to go the highest in her whole class. And when she went so high, Nancy said, you're doing so good. Because Nancy was on the swing next to her and couldn't go as high. And Amanda told Nancy that she would teach her how, and she taught Nancy. And afterwards, it was other people's turn. And Amanda ended up teaching the whole class how to go so high on swings. Well, after playtime, it was time for lunch. And Amanda had a very yummy lunch that her mama made. They weren't supposed to share lunch, but everyone said, amanda, you have such a good lunch. After lunchtime, it was time for Amanda's mom to come. And Amanda's mom came to pick her up. And Amanda whispered into her mama's ear, I want you to meet Nancy because she's my friend now. And Amanda's mom looked at Nancy and said, nancy, I'm so happy that you are Amanda's friend. And Nancy said, I love being Amanda's friend because she teaches me how to have so much fun and to play. And Nancy and Amanda gave each other hugs. And then the mom picked up Amanda, and they went home, lived happily ever after. The end. That's the end of the story. If you want me to make up a special story for you, then tell me three special things you want to be in the story and your name and write a review. I'll make up a special story just for you.