Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a girl whose name was Lulu. And Lulu lived in a city called Boston. Her dad and mom liked to bake cakes, but usually when they baked cakes, they wouldn't give any to Lulu. And Lulu said, "That's not fair. I want some cake." 

Well, Lulu's mom said, "Lulu, when it's your birthday, you can have a special kind of cake. What kind of cake do you want?" And Lulu said, "I want a cake that's the shape of a unicorn." And her mom said, "Okay."

It was Lulu's fourth birthday the next day. The next day, Lulu woke up and she opened the fridge and she didn't see any unicorn cake. So she asked her mom why there wasn't any unicorn cake. Her mom said that she still had to make it and asked Lulu if she wanted to help. And Lulu said, "Okay." 

And so Lulu took some cake mix and put it in a big bowl. Her parents hadn't really let Lulu try it at first, but they were going to let her this day because it was her birthday. They thought she was too little, but now she wasn't because on her birthday, she turned four.

Lulu started to mix the cake, and she mixed the cake mix. She also put some sugar in it, and she put some rainbow sprinkles, and she decided to put little itty bitty tiny pieces of sugar. And it wasn't regular sugar. This was sugar that she found in a treasure box. And the treasure box had a special kind of sugar that was twinkly.

So Lulu mixed up the twinkly sugar all the way with her cake until it got hard. And her mom said, "It's time to make it in the unicorn shape." And her mom got special tools to make it into a unicorn shape, and they put it in the oven. 

And while they put it in the oven, Lulu thought she heard something in the oven singing a song that went, "Somewhere over the rainbow, hiccup." And she opened up the oven with her mom's help after it was done, and she saw that the cake had turned into a big unicorn shape and it still had something twinkly and sparkly in it.

Well, her mom said they needed to put the cake in the fridge to cool down before they could eat it. So they put it in the fridge. And Lulu decided to take a nap. While she took a nap, it started to rain outside. And Lulu woke up and she looked out her window, and she saw that it was so rainy, but soon the clouds were going to go. She could tell because it was windy and there weren't so many clouds anymore.

Well, she went downstairs, and she went all the way to the fridge, and she asked her mom to open it because it was birthday time, time to have some unicorn cake. And her mom opened up the fridge, and do you know what they heard? They heard a noise coming from inside the cake that said, "Somewhere over the rainbow, hiccup."

And Lulu said to her mom, "Mom, I think it's the special twinkly sparkly sugar that we put in the cake that makes this cake a singing cake." And her mom said, "Usually we put frosting on top of the cake, but because this unicorn cake has legs, because we made it in the shape of a unicorn, I think first we should put the cake sideways so it could stand up on its legs, and then we'll see what happens."

So her mom put the cake sideways, and it was now standing up like a real little unicorn. And as it stood up, it grew a horn, and it started singing again, "Somewhere over the rainbow, hiccup." And as it started singing, its legs started to move, and it went outside through the window, and the rain made it get bigger and bigger and bigger until it was the size of a real-life big unicorn.

And Lulu said, "Wait, what happened to my cake? It turned into a real unicorn." And the unicorn turned around and looked at Lulu and knelt down so Lulu could go on it for a ride. Lulu asked her mom if she could go on the unicorn for a ride, and her mom said, "Yes, she could, but she had to watch." So her mom went with Lulu on the unicorn ride, and it had stopped raining, except it was still a little bit misty. That means there were little raindrops in the air.

And Lulu and her mom saw a rainbow. At the end of the rainbow, they saw that there was a person. It seemed like a little girl. And the little girl was doing something. They couldn't quite tell. So Lulu told her unicorn to gallop all the way to where the girl was at the end of the rainbow, and her mom followed.

So the unicorn galloped to the end of the rainbow, and they saw a girl whose name was Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and the girl had a hammer, and the hammer was called a mallet, and it was made out of wood. That's something you're adding in. Yeah, I'm adding that in a hammer that's name mallet and mallet. And we have something to fix, right? It's a table we have, yes.

And the person at the end of the rainbow was named Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and she was a big girl who was seven years old, and she was fixing something. And when Lulu looked closely at it, Lulu saw that it was a treasure box, and she was banging the treasure box to fix it. And Lulu said, "Can we open it to see what you're doing?" And the seven-year-old, Ruth Bader Ginsburg said, "Okay."

And Ruth Bader Ginsburg opened it. And do you know what she saw? She saw the special kind of twinkly sugar that made the unicorn. And Lulu said, "Is that how we got the sugar? It came from a treasure box like that?" And Ruth Bader Ginsburg said, "Yes, that is how you got the sugar and the unicorn."

Then Lulu let Ruth Bader Ginsburg go on a ride as well. And Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Lulu took a ride on the unicorn all the way back to Lulu's house in Boston. And when they got there, they had a different birthday cake waiting that their dad had made. And the different birthday cake, half of it was ice cream, and half of it was carrot cake. And there were trees on top.

And for the birthday, her mom said, "Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday, dear Lulu, happy birthday to you." And just as she said that, Lulu blew out the candles. And when she blew out the candles, the unicorn disappeared.

But Lulu wasn't sad that the unicorn disappeared and that Ruth Bader Ginsburg had also disappeared because she had some yummy cake in front of her, and she had just turned four years old. So Lulu and her family lived happily ever after. The end.