Hello? This is Steve. I'm the host of Makeup Stories, and I wanted to let you know that I started a website called Storybird AI. And Storybird AI lets kids get stories and podcast episodes made just for them. The first story is totally free. There's no credit card required, and kids with the best story each month win $50. So if you want a story, go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. Again, if you want a story, then ask your parents to please go to www. Dot Storybird. AI. It's really easy to use AI. My name is Landon. My name is Nathaniel.com. You're doing the makeup stories club. All right, are we ready for the story of Jesse the ski wallaby? Yeah. Once upon a time, a long time ago what cold is on you. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a wallaby named Jesse. Do you know what a wallaby is? No. A wallaby is sort of like a kangaroo, but it's smaller. It's like a kangaroo, but it's about as tall as a four year old. Jesse. A wallaby is like a small kangaroo. It's a kangaroo that's 2ft tall. It's probably about the size of a Jesse and smaller than a Jonah. Anyway, so there was once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a wallaby named Jesse. And Jesse the wallaby loved to ski, and he loved to ski with his mom Amanda and his brother Jonah and his dad Steve, who were all wallabies. And since Steve was not a smart skill, he tried to go down. Captain, guess what happened. What happened? He crashed into a snow. Oh, my gosh. Steve crashed into a snowball and he flipped over. Yeah. I thought maybe I would tell you the story of the first time that Jesse the ski wallaby went down captain. And went on a chair lift. What do you think? Yeah. Okay. Jesse the ski wallaby went with his family to go skiing at Cadrona, which was the ski resort. And the first thing they did when they got to the mountain is they went to rent some skis for Jesse the ski wallaby. And wallabies have kind of big, long feet. So Jesse the ski wallaby got special big ski boots for his big wallaby feet, and he put them on. And then he noticed that after he had them on, he couldn't really jump as much anymore like wallabies usually can. He could just sort of waddle back and forth. But his brother Jonah told him, don't worry, once you have your skis on, you can make big wallaby ski jumps, and it's going to be really fun. So Jesse said, okay, and he put on his wallaby ski boots, and he waddled over to the ski rental section, and the ski rental people gave him skis that were as tall as he was, which is about 2ft tall, from the bottom of his wallaby feet to the top of his pointy wallaby. Ears. And so he put on his skis. And then his mom said, okay, Jesse, are you ready to go get on the ski lift and go skiing? And what did Jesse wallaby say? Yes, he was ready. So they skied on over to the bottom of the ski lift and they got in line. And that day skiing, it was just Jesse and his brother Jonah and his mom. And so they got into the line for three people. But on the ski lift, you could fit four people. So there was another line for singles that's wallabies that were skiing by themselves. So the three of them got up to the chair lift, and Jesse was like, I don't really know what to do. And Jesse's mommy said it's okay. Just ski up to this line where it says Stop, and you stop there and the chairlift will come and get you. So they skied up to the line, and one person from the singles line skied up to the line. And then they all waited for the chairlift to come. And the chairlift came and it went right under Jesse's tushy, and it kind of sat him down. And then suddenly he was sitting on the chairlift with his skis dangling down, and he was soaring up above the ski mountain, and he could look down and see all the ski bunnies and all the ski wallabies who were skiing around that day. And some of them were going fast and doing races, and some of them were doing jumps and flips, and some of them were going slow and just learning. And some of them were falling, but then getting back up. And they saw all kinds of skiers. So they went on the ski lift up to the top of the mountain. And when they got up to the top, jesse's mommy said, okay, now stand up and ski over to the over to the top of the mountain with me. So Jesse stood up and he skied after his mom. And then as they were getting ready to go down the slope, jesse noticed something really bad. Do you know what it was? One of his gloves was missing. Do you want to know what happened to it? Jesse had dropped it without realizing while he was on the ski lift. And they were his very favorite ski gloves. So what they did is his brother Jonah looked at the map of where the ski lift was and he looked at the slope under it and he said, well, this ski lift goes over a difficult slope called Captain. It's only for wallabies that are very brave. And Jesse's mommy said, Well, Jesse, do you think you're brave enough to go down Captain's and look for that glove? And Jesse was a little bit scared, but he gathered up his self and he squared his shoulders and he took a deep breath and he said, I'm brave. I'm brave enough to do cash. And find my special glove, because it was a special glove. It was a rainbow color, sparkly glove, and it was Jesse's favorite. It was one of Jesse's two favorite gloves. They had one right one and one left one, and this is the left one. So they decided to go skiing down Captains with brave Jesse. And Jesse's mom said to Jonah, okay, Jonah, you go first since you know where we're going. And make sure you take big, wide turns and go nice and slow and controlled so Jesse can follow you. And Jonah said, okay, I got it. And he took off and started making his big, wide turns. And Jesse was a little scared at first, but he squared his shoulders and he took a deep breath and he said, I'm Jesse the ski wallaby, and I'm brave and I can do this. And he started off down the hill following Jonah, and they skied and skied and skied, and they skied past the places where Jonah thought it was and past a couple of places where he thought it wasn't, and then back over to some more places where they thought it might be. And they looked, and they looked, and they looked, and they did the whole slope and they didn't find it anywhere. And Jesse was so sad because he really loved that glove, and he knew that it had fallen when he was on the ski lift, and he had been so brave to go and find it, and he thought that he would be able to find it, but it wasn't there. And so he kind of wanted to cry because he was so sad. But then he took a deep breath and he squared his shoulders and he said, I'm Jesse, the ski wallaby. And even though I'm sad, I'm brave. And so he kept on skiing down, even though he was so disappointed about his glove. When they got to the bottom, jesse's mommy could see how hard he was trying to keep it together, even though he was sad about losing his glove. And so she decided it might be a good time for them all to have a little treat, to kind of give them some energy and warm them up, because they'd just been on this big ski. So she said, okay, we're going to go into the lodge and I'm going to get you each a nice big glass of hot carrot juice, which is something that wallabies like to eat. And after that, they looked for a glove again. Well, let's see. So they went into the lodge to get the carrot juice, and they noticed that a lot of the people that had been skiing with them were also in the lodge. And even some of the people that had been skiing when they were on the ski lift were also in the lodge. Like, Jesse saw this one wallaby that had been doing cool flips that was wearing a red hat. He was in the lodge and this other wallaby that had been going slowly and carefully down the slope of what had finally made it. He was in the lodge, and Jesse was looking around, thinking about all these wallabies that had been skiing down the slope when he dropped his glove and how he wished that someone had found it for him. And as he was looking around, do you know what he saw? He saw one wallaby that was wearing a bright green ski vest and he was wearing purple gloves. And do you know what? He had something on his ear. And it was a sparkly rainbow glove. And that glove had fallen right off of Jesse the ski wallaby's hand and fell down through the air down to the slope below the ski lift. And it had landed on that wallaby's ear without that wallaby even noticing. And then that wallaby had worn that glove on its ear right into the lodge, where it also went to get some hot carrot juice. And so Jesse went up to the wallaby and said, excuse me, sir, I think that my glove is on your ear. And that wallaby looked up at its ear and looked down at Jesse, who had the rainbow glove on his right hand. And he said, Sir, I think you're right. And he took the glove off of his ear and he gave it to Jesse. And he said, thank you, sir, for lending me this glove. It has kept my ear very warm and cozy, and I hope you have a lovely day, the end of night. Oh, yeah. My name is Kencho. Thank you for listening to Makeup Threes. If you want to be part of the club, go to Makeup Threes.com. Tell your friends you.