Hello. My name is Samira. Welcome to make DAP stories. Make DAP Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Chase. I'm turning six on March 4. I live in Brookville, Maryland. I want to hear a story about a lion, a magic carpet, and a scooter. Tonight's makeup story is a request from a boy named Chase, who lives in Brookville, Maryland, and who turned six years old yesterday on March 4. And so we want to say happy birthday, Chase. Happy birthday, Nays. Chase and Chase asked for us to make up a story that includes a lion, a magic carpet, and a scooter. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big boy whose name was Chase. When Chase woke up, he heard a ding dong, and it seemed like somebody rang his doorbell. And Chase looked at the door, and he got his mom and dad. And they opened up the door, and they saw there was a big box that was painted green and had some flowers on top of it and a big ribbon, and it also had some gift wrapping on top of it. And the box was standing on a very special piece of chocolate. And the chocolate was a kind of chocolate that didn't melt, and it didn't get dirty, even if it was on the floor. And so Chase told his parents to get the chocolate and to get the big box so they could open it up. And Chase's parents said, okay, and they carried it in Chase's house. And Chase opened up the ribbon, and he opened up the gift wrapping, and he saw the green box, and he got a butter knife to open it. When he opened the green box, he saw that inside there was a special scooter. Regular scooters you can kind of stand on, and they have one wheel in the front and one wheel in the back. But the scooter that Chase found in that green box was not a regular scooter. This kind of scooter had, like, 100 caterpillar legs. And when you wanted to scoot, the legs went automatically. So they went all by themselves and themselves. And so you stepped on the scooter, and then you would have to put in a piece of chocolate. That's why it came with chocolate. The scooter had a little slot, a little opening where you could put in the chocolate. And then when you put in the chocolate, it makes the scooter's caterpillar legs go. So Chase went on the scooter with the caterpillar legs, and he told his mom and his dad to follow him. The scooter decided it wanted to take Chase on a special trail because the caterpillar leg scooter was able to go where it wanted. And so Chase had a fun ride on the scooter with caterpillar legs until they got to a new trail. When they got to a new trail, chase saw that there was a big sign and the big sign said, lions are here. And chase said to his mom and dad, are there really lions here? And Chase's mom looked around, and she saw there were a lot of, like, baby lions. And chase's mom said, I think it's probably safe for us to go in, because the lions here are just babies. And it also if you listen very closely, you could hear that the lions aren't just saying RA. They're also talking a little bit like the lion will say, RA, can you get me some toothpaste? And then they would say RA again. So that's how lions speak in lion language. And chase's mom told chase that they could hold the dad's hand and walk into the special trail with all of the baby lions that were able to talk in lion language. Well, Chase scooted through the forest on his caterpillar leg scooter, and when he got to the middle of the forest, he saw that there was a big bathtub. And inside the bathtub, there was a baby lion. And the baby lion was crying because the baby lion was sad. So chase and his parents went over to the baby lion in the bathtub in the forest, and they said, RA, baby lion, are you okay? RA. Because that's how you talk to lions. You have to say RA at the beginning and at the end. And then the lion said back to him, RA, I'm sad because I got shampoo in my eyes. RA. And then chase said, mom, dad, the lion, it's a baby lion, and it's taking this bath in the bathtub in middle of the forest. And the reason it's crying is because its eyes hurt, because it got shampoo in its eyes. And then chase said to the lion, RA, how can I help you? RA. And the lion told chase that if he had the magic caterpillar scooter, all he needed was to take a little piece of chocolate out of the scooter, because the chocolate helped the scooter go. And if you take a little piece of chocolate out of the scooter and you put it in the bathtub, then what happens is all of the shampoo will go out of the bathtub. And all you have to do then is take one little drop of water and put it on your eye. And then the shampoo goes out of your eye. So the lion got a little piece of chocolate from chase's caterpillar scooter, and he put it in the bathtub, right? When he put it in the bathtub, he saw all the bubbles go away. And slowly, all of the shampoo that was already in the water also went away. And soon the water was crystal clear. It looked like it was from a deep blue lake. And the lion picked up a little drop of water with his paw and put it right by his eye. And all of a sudden, the shampoo got out of his eyes, and then the lion started laughing and the lion said, thank you so much, Chase, for that special chocolate that you got from your Caterpillar scooter. And Chase said, you're welcome, lion. And the lion asked Chase if he wanted to see the special lion house. And Chase said he'd never been to a lion house before because he thought that lions live outside the chocolate made the scooter even go. That's a good question, Bud. So Chase was also curious about that. He wanted to know how the chocolate made the scooter go. Because usually scooters just go with your feet or you can have an electric scooter that uses some electricity the way that this chocolate made the scooter go. And it was the same way that the chocolate helped turn the lion's bathtub into one that had no more bubbles and it helped get the shampoo out of the lion's eye. It's because this kind of chocolate came from the same factory that the Caterpillar scooter came from, and the people who work in that factory are fairies. So the reason that that chocolate worked to make the scooter go and the reason that that chocolate also worked for the bathtub and the lion was because fairies waved their magic wand on top of it. Well, Chase was so happy with his caterpillar scooter and the lion was leading Chase on an adventure to the lion house in middle of the forest. When they got to the lion house, chase saw that it had so many decorations, there were lots of toys in the lion house. And that made sense because there were so many lion babies. And Chase and his mom and dad held hands and they went on the Caterpillar scooter to go inside the lion house. And when they got inside the lion house, they saw that there was a magic carpet on the floor of the lion house. The magic carpet was a very funny kind of magic carpet. The way it worked is if you wanted to spill something on the carpet, like chocolate pudding or chocolate milk or if you want to spill any kind of thing on the carpet, then on the magic carpet, it got cleaned up all by itself. So kids shouldn't try this at home because your carpets usually aren't magic carpets, but in the forest, in the magic forest where the lion lived, they had a magic carpet. And so the lions used to love to play games and they would put like grapes on their carpet and all sorts of things. And whenever they did it, it just cleaned it up by itself. So that only works in a lion house. It doesn't work in kids houses. And Chase tried it out because that's very fun to try to do that in the lion house with their carpet. And Chase started to spill a lot of things like milk and Cheerios and all sorts of things on the carpet in the lion's house. And it always cleaned up right away. And sometimes kidding. No, I'm not. Sometimes. What happened, bud? Let's say you spilled milk on the carpet, and then you spill it, and then it goes it kind of makes a little bit of a sound like that, and then it cleans up by itself. And after it cleans up, then do you know what could happen? What the part that it cleaned up? Like, let's say it's milk that was on it that could go in the air. It goes into a little ball of milk, and it goes in the air, and the ball of milk goes flying through the air all the way to the sink. Or let's say it's like yogurt that you spilled on the carpet. Then the carpet goes, and then the yogurt will come together and come off of the carpet, and it'll go back up. It'll get all clean, and it'll go back in where the yogurt came from. If it was in a cup, it will go back in the cup. What happens on the way? There's a portion that gets whacked into it. Actually, that's a really good question. What happens is, let's say you spill something on the carpet. Like, let's say you smush a grape on the carpet. Then it'll say and it'll make the grape go off the carpet and come back together. And if there's someone in the way, then it kind of flies around that person. And if the person tries to run around while it's flying next to them, then it could go zoom fast, and it goes zooming away to where it's supposed to go. Well, Chase was having so much fun in the lion house, but his mom and dad told him that it was getting late and they had to go home. So Chase told the lions that he had a lot of fun on the adventure, and he left an extra little piece of chocolate for the lions, and they said, bye bye, Chase. And Chase and parents went back home, and they lived happily ever after. The end. Hi, I'm Alabella. I'm from Brisbane, Australia, and I'm five years old. And every night when I go to Sweet, I just love your podcasters. Every night.