Aya nayo AI. Hello. My name is Verica. Welcome to makeup stories. Go to the Makeup stories.com to join the club nayo AI. Okay, Jesse, what do you want in tonight's Makeup story? A block that a kid built. And when kids touch the block, it makes them turn into block, but they're still kids, so it's a block, like a building block, and when the kid touches it, then he turns into a building block. But he's still a kid. Yeah. Okay. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two kids whose names were Jonah and Jesse. Jonah and Jesse lived in a land that was full of jewels where it was light all the time. The sun never went down, and when people wanted to go to sleep, they would have to close all of their curtains and make sure that no light came in through the windows, or else it would be too light. Instead of the regular sun on top of this land, there was a big shiny jewel that was always shining brightly in the sky. And the sky in this land was not a regular blue sky because it was full of all sorts of different color crystals that you might see in a cave. And Jonah and Jesse, they lived in a house that was covered in grass. And all of the houses of their friends also had grass on the roof. They called them rabbit houses, and they were really for people. But their houses were tunnels in the ground. And the kids who lived in this special land would get to slip and slide through the tunnels and find some secret passageways. Some of them were so small that the grownups couldn't even fit through them, and so they never found out. Jonah and Jesse were going out and exploring. One day, they were at a playground, and the playground was made of Lego. All of the swings and all of the slides and all of the climbing structures, even the monkey bars were all made of Lego. But the monkey bus, if you go on it, it would feel like pokey. If you put your hands on it and did the monkey balls, you'd just go out. But for the strongest man, since he's so strong, he doesn't even want he just goes, eat strong drums. Because the monkey bars were made of Lego, they were kind of pokey on top, and kids didn't want to put their fingers on it. And that's why all of the kids who went to this playground, they got to wear special padded gloves. And the gloves were easy going to say that they wear gloves that were made of Lego so could just stick on. Yeah. And some of the kids, they also had a choice. If they didn't want to wear a soft glove, they could put on Lego gloves, and then that could stick on. So you could get across the monkey bars by attaching the Lego pieces and there were lots of kids that had lots of fun in this land. And there was also ice cream trucks that used to go by the playgrounds. And as Jonah and Jesse were playing in the playground, in one of those long days where the sun never sets, they heard an alarm bell. And the alarm bell got closer and closer and closer. Finally, Jonah and Jesse went off of the monkey bars, and they looked past the gate on the other side of the playground, and they saw that the alarm bell was actually for good news, because that was the day when the king was coming to town. And the king had promised that he would bring a special kind of fare with him to the town for all of the kids to play in. And so Jonah and Jesse heard the alarm get closer, and then they heard trumpets, and they heard people singing songs like It Goes yes. And then they saw some animals that were dancing, and there were people dancing next to the animals, and there were people carrying flags. And they walked closer and closer until they got to the Lego playground. And when they got to the Lego playground, they saw the king. Jonah and Jesse saw that the king looks like a regular person, just like them, except he had rabbit ears, because in this land, the houses were underground and some of the people grew rabbit ears. And when they looked at the king, jonah and Jesse said, what should we do? And suddenly the king pointed to some blocks that were in his chariot. And Jonah and Jesse, they went to look at the blocks. And Jesse saw that they were a kind of block where if you just drew a picture of what you wanted, the blocks would build all by themselves until they got into that shape. And so Jesse and Jonah took some of the blocks off of the king's chariot and they brought them to the sandbox by the playground. And they started putting the blocks in the sandbox. And then Jesse started drawing lines of what he wanted the blocks to build into. And then Jonah decided that they should make like a sand castle. And they used some buckets and a shovel to make a sand castle in the sand. And after they made the sand castle, the blocks that came off of the king's chariot, those blocks arranged in the same shape of a castle and suggest he decided to make a moat on the outside of the castle and to make a bridge over the moat. And just as he did that, the blocks arranged themselves so that there was a moat around the block castle and a bridge over the moat. Jesse thought it was really cool, and he decided that he was going to change where some of the blocks went. So he touched the block that was on the bridge on the moat in the castle, made of blocks. And when Jesse touched it, suddenly his whole body kind of turned into, like, a big block. It still worked. It was a regular kid's body, but it was the same material of a block, and it looks like a block. And Jesse thought that he wanted to go in that block castle, but Jesse's older brother Jonah told him not to. And when Jonah touched Jesse, then suddenly Jesse turned back into a person, and the castle that they made out of those blocks turned into a candy castle. And there was candy from top to bottom. And all of the kids who were watching the show and all of the people who were in the street dancing with the animals and even the king himself started cheering for Jonah and Jesse since they thought they did magic. But really, not even Jonah and Jesse knew how those magic blocks worked. And Jonah and Jesse and everyone who lived in that town lived happily ever after. The End the thanks for listening to makeup stories. My name is Flora. Go to makeup stories.com to join the club. Tell your friends.