Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid named TJ. TJ loved to play games like hide and seek and tag. He also loved to run around. One day, when TJ was at the park, he saw some other kids playing tag. TJ asked if he could join them, and they said yes. So, TJ decided to hide behind a tree while the other kids tried to find him. Behind the tree, TJ found a little frog. He caught the frog and called, "Time out!" The other kids came over and saw that TJ had really caught a frog.

The kids asked TJ if there were more frogs around, but TJ said he didn't see any. They asked if he had a cage for the frog, but he didn't. TJ asked the other kids if they wanted to stop playing hide and seek and tag for a bit and play hockey instead. The kids agreed. So, they went to the nearby basketball court and decided to play hockey. They didn't have hockey sticks, so they used regular sticks, and they didn't have a hockey puck, so they used a tennis ball. It was a fun game because it was tricky to hit the tennis ball with the regular sticks. TJ noticed that wherever the tennis ball went, the frog tried to follow.

TJ hit the tennis ball with his stick, and he scored a goal. The other team cheered, "One point!" Just as TJ scored, he saw the frog jump onto the tennis ball. The frog stuck to the tennis ball and started to jump up and down. When the frog jumped up, the tennis ball went up, and when the frog jumped down, the tennis ball went down too.

Then, the frog did something amazing. It started to jump higher and higher, taking the tennis ball with it. Soon, the frog and the tennis ball were as high as a tree. When they came down, TJ tried to catch them, but the tennis ball and frog bounced back up too quickly. Suddenly, a big eagle swooped down and caught the tennis ball with the frog on it, and it started to fly away.

TJ was worried about the frog because eagles sometimes eat frogs. But the frog called out, "Don't worry!" TJ realized the eagle was the frog's friend. The eagle had big wings and circled around the basketball court where TJ and his friends were playing hockey. Eventually, the eagle landed on the monkey bars in the playground next to the court, still holding the tennis ball and the frog. When the eagle landed, the tennis ball fell to the ground, and the frog hopped off.

TJ went up to the frog and asked, "Are you okay, little frog?" The frog said it was fine and that the eagle was its friend. TJ was surprised that eagles and frogs could be friends. The frog explained that whenever it needed to go far, the eagle would give it a ride. TJ asked the eagle why it was friends with frogs and why it was so nice. The eagle said it was very old and used to live during the time of dinosaurs. It decided to be friendly to all animals because some dinosaurs had been nice to it.

TJ asked if the eagle remembered any dinosaurs, and it said it did. There was a baby T-Rex that didn't die. The baby T-Rex was friends with eagles. People think dinosaurs are extinct, but there are a few little dinosaurs that haven't been found yet. These little dinosaurs are the babies of the old T-Rexes and other dinosaurs that were wiped out by a meteor. The little T-Rexes that still live in the forest are only about as big as rabbits. They're hard to find because they're camouflaged and blend in with the trees and leaves.

The frog told TJ that if he and his parents followed it, the frog and the eagle would show them where to find one of the little dinosaurs. TJ asked his parents if they could go with him into the forest next to the playground to find a little T-Rex. His parents agreed. So, they held his hands, and TJ walked with his friends to the forest. TJ held the frog, and the eagle perched on his dad's shoulder. TJ's friends followed the frog's directions.

The frog gave silly directions, like jumping and turning, but TJ and his parents followed them. When they finally reached the spot in the forest, the frog said they were where the little dinosaurs lived. TJ said, "There's nothing here. Just a tree." The frog told him to look closer. The eagle hopped off TJ's dad's shoulder and pecked at the tree bark. Then, the frog opened the bark, revealing three little T-Rexes inside.

Each T-Rex was only about the size of a bunny rabbit. They were inside the tree with their own soccer ball. The T-Rexes told TJ how they survived the meteor strike by hiding in a tree and having many generations of babies. Even though the old dinosaurs were gone, some little dinosaurs still hid in trees today.

The dinosaurs also said they liked to play a kind of hockey. TJ said, "Oh, yeah?" They replied, "Yeah." So, TJ went back to the basketball court with the frog, the eagle, and the three little dinosaurs. They all played hockey together, using their sticks and tails to hit the soccer ball. The dinosaurs teamed up and scored a goal, saying, "One point for us!" TJ decided the frog and the eagle had to be on their team because the dinosaurs were too good.

The dinosaurs agreed. With the eagle on their team, it picked up the tennis ball and brought it to the goal. One of the dinosaurs said, "That's not fair!" TJ told the eagle it couldn't carry the ball. The eagle agreed, and TJ passed the ball to a friend, who got closer to the dinosaur goal and passed it back to TJ. He hit the ball with his stick and scored against the little dinosaurs. When he did, the dinosaurs turned into magic dust and went back to the tree in the forest. Only TJ, his parents, and their friends saw the hockey game with the dinosaurs. And TJ and his parents lived happily ever after. The end.