Yiddi. Diana. Hi. My name is Palmer. Welcome to makeup stories. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is TJ. I'm eight year old, and I live in Boone, New Jersey, and I make a story about a dinosaur, hockey, and frogs. Thank you. AI tonight's Makeup story is a request from a kid named TJ, who lives in Booneton, New Jersey, and who is eight years old. And so we want to say, Hi, TJ. And TJ. Asks for us to make up a story that includes a dinosaur, hockey, and some frogs. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a kid whose name was TJ. TJ. Loved to play games, and some of the games that TJ. Liked to play were like hide and go, seek and tag. And he would also love to run around. One time when TJ Was in a park, he saw that there were some other kids who were playing tag. And TJ. Asked the other kids if he could play with them. And the other kids said yes. And so TJ. Decided to hide behind a tree while the other kids tried to find him. And TJ. Saw that behind the tree, there was also a little frog. So TJ. Caught the frog, and he said to time out, and other kids came to TJ. And they saw that TJ. Really did catch a frog. The kids asked TJ. If there were more frogs there, and TJ. Said that he didn't see any. And then they asked TJ. If he had a cage for the frog. TJ. Said that he didn't. TJ. Asked the other kids if they wanted to stop playing hide and go seek and tag for a little bit, and instead if they wanted to play hockey. The other kids said that they did. And so TJ. Went to the basketball court, which was right next to the playground, and he and the kids decided to play hockey. They didn't have any hockey sticks, and so they decided to use regular sticks, and they didn't have a hockey puck, so they decided to use a tennis ball. It was a fun game because it wasn't so easy to hit the tennis ball with the regular sticks. But what TJ? Noticed is that wherever the tennis ball went, the frog would try to go as well. And TJ. Hit the tennis ball with his long stick, and he got it all the way to the goal of the other team. And the other team said one point, and TJ. Got the first point of the game. Just as he got the point, he saw that the frog jumped all the way to the goal, and the frog went right on the tennis ball. When the frog got on the tennis ball, the frog kind of stuck to the tennis ball, and then he started to jump up and down. When the frog jumped up, the tennis ball went up. And when the frog jumped down, the tennis ball went down too. The frog was attached to the tennis ball. And then the frog started to do something really special. The frog started to jump higher and higher. And each time the frog jumped higher, the tennis ball went a little higher. Soon the frog was on top of the tennis ball and he jumped with the tennis ball as high as a tree. And then when he came down, TJ. Tried to catch it, but the tennis ball with the frog bounced back up too fast. When the tennis ball was up in the air, there was a big eagle that came and the eagle caught the tennis ball, which had the frog on it, and it started to fly away. TJ. Was worried about the frog because sometimes eagles like to eat frogs. But the frog started to say, don't worry, as the frog was in the air and the eagle was holding the tennis ball. And now TJ. Knew why. It was because the eagle was the frog's friend and the eagle had really big wings and it started to circle around the basketball court where TJ. And his friends were playing hockey. Soon the eagle decided to land and it was still holding the tennis ball in the frog. And the eagle landed in the playground next to the basketball court right on the monkey bars. When the eagle landed there, the tennis ball fell to the floor and the frog jumped off. TJ. Went right up to the frog, and TJ. Said, Are you okay, little frog? And the frog started to talk. And the frog said that he was okay and that the eagle was really his friend. TJ. Said that he didn't know that eagles and frogs could be friends. And the frog told TJ. That whenever he needed to go really far the eagle would just pick him up and give him a ride. TJ. Asked the eagle why the eagle was friends with frogs and why it was such a nice eagle. The eagle told TJ. That he was a very, very old eagle and that he used to live in the times of dinosaurs. And the eagle decided to be friendly to all animals because he remembered that there used to be some dinosaurs that were nice to him. And TJ. Asked if the eagle remembered any dinosaurs and the eagle said that he did. There was one dinosaur, which was a baby trex that didn't die. And the baby trex was a friend of the eagles. Everyone thinks that dinosaurs are extinct but there are a few little dinosaurs that people just haven't found yet. And those little dinosaurs are the babies. Babies babies of the old Trexes and the old dinosaurs that got destroyed by a meteor. The little Trexes that still live in the forest are only about as big as rabbits. They're very hard to find because they're camouflaged and sometimes they blend in with the trees. And the leaves in the forest, so it's very hard to find them. The frog told TJ that if TJ and his parents followed the frog, then he and the eagle will show TJ. Where to find one of those little dinosaurs. And TJ. Asked his parents if they could go with him in the forest next to the playground to find one of the little Trexes that are still alive. TJ's parents said that that was a good idea. So they held his hands, and TJ. Walked with his friends to the forest. TJ. Held the frog in his hand, and he also let the eagle go on his dad's shoulder. And so TJ's dad, Ryan, was carrying the eagle on his shoulder while TJ. Was holding the frog in his hand. And TJ's friends were following where the frog said to go. The frog gave such silly directions because the frog would say, you have to go jum there and then jum there, and then you have to turn jumjum, jum, and then you have to go straight jumbajam. And TJ. Was like, what? That is no way to get into a forest. And the frog was like, really? You have to listen. So TJ and his parents said okay. When they finally did all of the silly turns and got into the forest, the frog told them that they finally got to where the little dinosaurs still lived. And TJ. Said there's nothing here. There's just a tree. And the frog said, look. And the eagle jumped off of TJ's dad's shoulder and the eagle started to peck at the bark of the tree. And then after the eagle pecked at the bark for a little bit, the frog went to the tree and he opened up the bark and he saw that inside the tree there really were three little Trexes. Each trex was only about the size of a bunny rabbit. And the Trexes, and this is what was the funniest thing of all the Trexes were inside there with their own soccer ball. And some of the little T. Rexes liked to climb on top of the soccer ball and they could fit since they were only little, like a rabbit. And so TJ. Told the Trexes that he thought all of them were already extinct and that there were none left on the planet. And the little Trexes told him how they survived the meteor strike by hiding in a tree and that they had babies and babies and babies and that even though so long ago the old dinosaurs were gone, still there were some little dinosaurs who hid in trees today. And the dinosaurs also told TJ that they liked to play a kind of hockey. And TJ. Said, oh, yeah? And the dinosaurs said, yeah. So TJ. Went back with the frog and the eagle and three of the little dinosaurs back to the basketball court, which was next to the playground. And then he started to play hockey, and TJ. And his friends used their sticks, and the little Trexes used their tails to make the soccer ball go in the goal. And then the Dinosaurs decided to team up, and all of the Dinosaurs worked together to get a big goal. And they said, One point for us. And TJ. Looked at his friends and his dad and his mom, and he said that the frog and the eagle had to be on their team because the Dinosaurs were too good at hockey. And so the Dinosaurs said that was okay. And once the eagle was on TJ's team, the Eagle picked up the tennis ball and brought it all the way to the goal. One of the Dinosaurs said, that wasn't fair, and TJ. Told the Eagle it wasn't allowed to carry the ball. The eagle said, okay, and then TJ. Passed it to one of his friends, and one of his friends got closer to the Dinosaur goal and then passed the ball back to TJ. Who hit it with his stick and got a goal against the little Dinosaurs. When TJ. Got a goal against the little dinosaurs, all of the Dinosaurs went poof, and they turned into magic dust, and you could see the magic dust go back to the forest in the tree. Nobody else saw that TJ. Was playing hockey with the Dinosaurs except TJ. And his parents and their friends. And TJ. And his parents lived happily ever after. The end. I o. My name is Lauren. Thanks for listening to makeup stories. Makeup Stories is the best podcast ever. Ask your parents to go see Makeup louis.com, if you want to be on the podcast.