Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big kid named Jonah. One day, Jonah was exploring some trails near his house with his friends. As they walked around the trails and splashed in puddles, Jonah saw a little piece of gold on the ground. This gold looked like a tiny egg. Jonah told his friends he thought he found a magical piece of gold, and they asked to see it. He picked it up and showed them. When they looked at it, they knew it was special because the golden egg floated on top of their hands.

Jonah and his friends went home to Jonah's house, and when they got inside, they saw a big parrot. The parrot was dressed like Jonah's dad and wearing his dad's clothes. Sometimes parrots can pretend to speak like people, and the big parrot told Jonah, "I'm your dad." Jonah didn't think it was his dad because, even though the parrot was wearing his dad's clothes, it still had a bird face. Jonah said, "I have something important to tell my dad, but I think you're just pretending to be my dad."

Once the parrot saw that Jonah knew, the parrot started getting smaller and smaller until it turned into a baby parrot in big person's clothes. Jonah looked through his dad's shirt to find the parrot that was pretending to be his dad. Inside, he saw a colorful little bird that was getting smaller and smaller and turning into an egg. It was a silly kind of parrot that got littler instead of bigger. When the parrot turned into a little colorful egg, Jonah remembered that maybe the golden egg he found had a bit of magic because it did float on top of his hand.

After the parrot turned back into a little colorful egg, Jonah's friends came in. They asked, "What just happened?" Jonah told them about the parrot that was dressed up as his dad and turned into an egg. Just as he said that, there were some little fireworks going through the glass and the windows of Jonah's house. They weren't real fireworks that could make real fire; they just looked like fireworks and stayed in the glass.

Jonah and his friends had an idea. There was a hose outside of Jonah's house and a bucket. They decided to dig a hole in the backyard, put the bucket of water in it, and then put the two eggs together, the colorful parrot egg and the little gold egg. After they put both eggs into the water, they would get a big spoon, like one you might use to stir soup, and mix up the water with the golden egg and the colorful parrot egg.

Jonah and his friends started to stir and stir, and they could see a little whirlpool. The water was turning around like the drain of a bath as they stirred the water in the hole. Soon they could see the golden egg and the colorful parrot egg in the middle of the whirlpool, floating and going deeper underground. Suddenly, the water started to turn the other way, like it was draining. But instead of draining down, the water was coming up. There was so much water coming up that it went back through the hose and filled up all the pipes in the city where Jonah and his friends lived. Suddenly, all the fire hydrants started to squirt out the extra water.

Jonah and his friends stood back from the big hole they dug, and they saw a golden plant growing. The golden plant had golden leaves and a golden stalk, and it was growing taller and taller. The golden plant was so thirsty because it needed so much water for the gold to get bigger. Jonah realized that the golden plant must have grown from the golden egg, which was secretly a seed. He asked his friends, "What do you think will happen to the parrot egg?" Just as he asked that question, he saw that the golden plant could change colors and be camouflaged so that it could look like the regular air and be invisible. The golden plant could also change into the colors of a house, so you could think it was really a house.

Jonah told his friends that they discovered something very good because when he pulled off a leaf from the golden special flower that was growing, the golden leaf was able to float in the air just like the golden seed and the golden egg that he held before. Jonah told his friends that they were now going to be the richest people in the world. He had an idea, which was to use all their gold to buy toy factories and hire more workers to work in the toy factories. Jonah and his friends became the bosses of many different toy factories.

As they were building the factories, the colorful parrot egg finally started to work. Many little parrots that looked like butterflies, with real bird wings but looking like a butterfly, started to grow and fly and live all over the big gold plant. They wore little helmets. Those colorful little parrots were the important delivery parrots that started to bring toys to kids across the world. Kids who lived in different places like Boston, New York, Dunedin, New Zealand, Cape Town, South Africa, Ireland, Canada, and Australia all started to see a bunch of colorful parrots carrying toys around the world.

Jonah's friend had a question, "Did they also deliver toys to astronauts and spies?" The parrots that came from the special colorful egg, which was really a seed, had a trick to go to outer space to bring toys to astronauts. They would climb up the golden flower, which went all the way to outer space. Jonah, his friends, and everyone involved lived happily ever after. The end.