Hey, that looks like you're getting back on the makeup train. Tonight's makeup story is a request for my son Jonah, who asked for us to make up a story about a towel, a light bulb, and a leaf. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there was a big kid whose name was Jonah. One day, Jonah was out exploring some trails near his house with some of his friends. And as he and his friends were walking around the trails and stomping their boots in some of the splish, splashy puddles, jonah saw that on the ground there was a little piece of gold. And the little piece of gold wasn't shaped like a regular piece of gold because it looked a little bit like a tiny egg. Jonah told his friends that he thought he might have found a magical piece of gold, and his friends asked if they could see it, and he picked it up, and he showed it to them. And when they looked at it, they could tell that it was special because the little piece of gold, the golden egg, floated on top of kids hands. So if you wanted to put it in your hand, all you had to do is put it right on top of your hand, and it would float without you even having to hold it. Well, Joan and his friends went home to Jonah's house, and when they got inside the house, they saw that the house had a big parrot inside it. And the parrot inside of Jonah's house was dressed like his dad, and it was wearing his dad's clothing. And sometimes parrots could pretend to speak like people, and the big parrot told Jonah, I'm your dad. And Jonah didn't think it was the dad, because even though the parrot was wearing his dad's clothing, it still had, like, a bird face. And Jonah said, I have something important to tell my dad, but I think you're just pretending to be my dad. And the parrot. Once he saw that, Jonah knew, the parrot started getting smaller and smaller and smaller until it turned into a baby parrot that was in a big person's clothing. And Jonah looked through his dad's shirt to find where the parrot that was pretending to be his dad was. And inside, he saw a colorful little bird that was getting smaller and smaller and turning into an egg. It was a silly kind of parrot that got littler and littler instead of bigger and bigger. And when the parrot got into a little parrot egg, the egg was so colorful. And that's when Jonah remembered that maybe the little golden egg that he found had a little bit of magic, because it did float on top of his hand. And usually when you go home, you don't see parrots dressed up as your parents. Well, after the parrot that was dressed up as Jonah's dad turned back into a little colorful parrot egg, jonah's friends came in. And they said, what just happened? And jonah told them about the parrot that was dressed up as his dad that turned into an egg. And just as he said that, there were some little kind of fireworks that were going through the glass and the windows of jonah's house, they weren't real fireworks that could make real fire. It just looked like fireworks, and it stayed in the glass. Well, jonah and his friends had an idea. There was a hose outside of jonah's house, and there was also a bucket. They decided that they would first dig a hole using some shovels that they found. And after they dug a hole in the backyard of jonah's house, they would put the bucket of water in it, and then they would put the two eggs together, the colorful parrot egg and the little gold egg that floated on top of hands. And then after they put both of the little eggs into the water, they would get a big spoon, a ladle like you might use to stir some soup or your mom might use or your dad. And they would mix up the water that was in the ground in the hole that they dug with the golden egg in the water and also the colorful parrot egg. And jonah and his friends started to stir and to stir, and they could see that there was a little whirlpool. The water was turning around like the drain of a bath as they were stirring the water in the hole in the backyard. And soon they could see that now the golden egg and the colorful parrot egg were in the middle of the whirlpool, floating in middle, and they were going deeper and deeper underground. Suddenly, the water started to turn the other way, like it was draining down the bath. But instead of draining down, the water was coming up. And there was so much water that was coming up that the water went back through the hose the way it came, and it filled up all of the pipes in the city where joan and his friends lived. And suddenly, all of the fire hydrants started to squirt out the extra water. And joan and his friends stood back from the big hole that they dug, and they saw that out of the hole was growing a golden plant. The golden plant had golden leaves, and it had a golden stalk, and it was growing taller and taller and taller. And the golden plant was so thirsty because it needed so much water for the gold to get bigger. And jonah realized that the golden plant must have grown from the golden egg, which was really secretly a seed. And he asked his friends, what do you think will happen to the parrot egg? And just as he asked that question, he saw that the golden plant was able to change colors, and it could be camouflaged so that it could look like the regular air and be invisible. Or the golden plant could also change into the colors of a house. So you could think, really, it's a house. And Jonah told his friends that they discovered something very good, because when he pulled off a leaf from the golden special flower that was growing, when he pulled off a golden leaf, the golden leaf was able to float in the air just like the golden seed and the golden egg that he held before. So Jonah told his friends that they were now going to be the richest people in the world. And he had an idea, which was to use all their gold to buy toy factories and to hire more workers to work in the toy factories. So Joan and his friends became the bosses of so many different toy factories. And as they were building the factories, the colorful parrot egg finally started to work. And so many little parrots that looked like butterflies. It was kind of like a parrot butterfly with real bird wings, but it looked like a butterfly. They started to grow, and they started to fly and live all over the big gold plant. And they wore little helmets. And those colorful little parrots that looked like butterflies, those were the important delivery parrots that started to bring toys to kids across the world. And so kids who lived in different places like Boston, New York, dunedin, New Zealand, Cape Town, South Africa, and Ireland, Canada, Australia, they all started to see a bunch of colorful parrots carrying toys around the world. You have a question, bud? Did they also deliver it to astronauts and spies? And the parrots that came from the special colorful egg that was really a seed. Those parrots had a trick to go to outer space to bring toys to astronauts, and it was to climb up the golden flower, which went all the way to outer space in joan and his friends and everyone involved lived happily ever after. The end.