Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two twins named Cele and Kira. Cele and Kira were really lucky because they lived inside an amusement park in a house made out of a giant shoe. There was a door at the bottom of the shoe, which you could open up and go inside. Or if you wanted to climb to the roof of the house, first you had to get on the bottom of the giant's shoe, and then you had to climb up the shoelace just like it was a ladder. And it was safe to do it because you could hold onto the shoelace really tight and climb all the way up to the top because it was such a big shoe.

On top of Cele and Kira's giant shoe house, there was a garden. Cele and Kira loved to plant special plants in their garden. One day, they planted an orange seed, another day they planted a carrot seed, and a third day, they planted a strawberry seed. And because it was an amusement park, all of the seeds that Cele and Kira planted would grow a little bit extra fast. And when they grew, instead of being like a regular orange, or instead of being just like a regular carrot, it grew double. So every orange had two oranges, and every carrot had two sides, so the carrot was pointy on both sides, and it grew in the middle.

Cele and Kira had a really fun time growing up in the amusement park because there were so many things that they could do. For example, they could go on a merry-go-round, and it was so much fun. Another thing Cele and Kira liked to do was go on a big, big water slide. They would put on their swimsuits and go down the waterslide all the way from the top to the bottom, making a big splash. The water at the bottom of the waterslide had food coloring in it, so when it splashed, there was blue water that got all over the place. And it was so much fun in the amusement park because since Cele and Kira lived there, there were no lines, and they didn't even need tickets because everyone in the amusement park knew that Cele and Kira lived in the giant's shoe.

One day, Cele and Kira woke up and told their mom they wanted to go to the cafe at the amusement park because they heard there was going to be a yummy kind of pancake today. Cele and Kira's mom and dad went with them to the cafe. When they got to the cafe, the chef said, "Hey, guys." Cele and Kira said hello, and then the chef said that today was the day of special maple syrup pancakes. Cele and Kira said, "Yay!" and they got some pancakes with maple syrup. After they filled their bellies with yummy pancakes, Cele and Kira told their mom it was time for them to go outside and play.

So they went outside the cafe, and as they were going back to their house, they started to feel something like an earthquake. The ground was shaking, and Cele and Kira asked their mom, "Is there an earthquake?" Their mom said, "No, there's not an earthquake. There must be something big, like big rocks falling down or something." Cele and Kira looked up, and do you know what they saw? A big giant! It was the giant who left his shoe there in the first place, and he must have been coming back to get his shoe. Cele and Kira told their mom they had to hurry and get to the Shoe House. When they got to the Shoe House, the big giant was there, but they couldn't talk loud enough for the giant to hear because the giant's ears were all the way up in the clouds.

So Cele and Kira had an idea. There was a rainbow-colored puppy that used to live in the amusement park, and the puppy's job was in the gift shop. He was in charge of getting stuffed animals for kids. Cele and Kira told their mom that they were going to run to the gift shop to get the rainbow puppy. Then the rainbow puppy could just lick the giant's toes, and that would get the giant's attention and make him bend down to see what's going on.

Cele and Kira rushed to the gift shop, and when they got there, they passed a big line of babies. All of the babies were holding each other's hands, dancing around in circles and saying "hoo." The babies would clap and do somersaults while Cele and Kira tried not to get distracted by the babies. They went straight to the gift shop and got the rainbow puppy. They told the rainbow puppy it needed to come to the Shoe House immediately, right away. The puppy said, "Woof! Woof! To the rescue!" The rainbow puppy went all the way to the giant Shoe House, and when they got there, Cele told the puppy to lick the giant's toes. The rainbow puppy licked the big toe and said, "This little piggy went to the market." Then Cele and Kira told the rainbow puppy to lick the other toe. The rainbow puppy licked the giant's other toe and said, "This little piggy stayed home." Cele and Kira told the rainbow puppy to lick a different giant toe, and then they said, "And this little piggy got roast beef." The last toe got licked, and do you know what happened? Cele and Kira said, "And this little piggy went wee all the way home." The rainbow puppy ran up the giant's leg, and just as he was going up, the giant felt some tickling. So he bent down, and when the giant bent down, he finally saw Cele and Kira. The giant was holding a big bowl of spaghetti because he was trying to eat his lunch. The giant was too big to get the pancakes for breakfast at the cafe in the amusement park, so he was eating a big bowl of spaghetti. The bowl of spaghetti was as big as a mountain, and it had so much spaghetti that if you dumped it out, it could fill up a whole pool. And not a little kids' pool, but a grown-up pool all full of spaghetti.

The giant put down his giant bowl of spaghetti and looked at Cele and Kira. He asked, "Is that my shoe?" Cele and Kira told the giant that they lived in that shoe. The giant said it was okay because he wanted to get roller skates. Cele and Kira said, "What? A giant in roller skates?" The giant said he didn't want the giant shoe anymore, and they could still live in it. He wanted a magic kind of roller skates where the wheels were as big as monster truck wheels. Then the giant could put on the roller skates and roll all around in the North Pole on the big ice. Cele and Kira told the giant they were happy he wasn't going to take his shoe back because they got to keep living there. The giant said, "You're welcome," and asked them if they wanted some noodles. But Cele and Kira laughed because they were full from the pancakes with maple syrup. Cele and Kira said bye-bye to the giant, and they lived happily ever after. The End.