Once upon a time, a long time ago, there were two twins whose names were Cele and Kira. Cele and Kira were really lucky because they lived inside of an amusement park in a house that was made out of a giant shoe. And there was a door at the bottom of the shoe, which you could open up and go inside. Or if you wanted to climb to the roof of the house, first you had to get on the bottom of the giant's shoe, and then you had to climb up the shoelace just like it was a ladder. And it was safe to do it because you could hold onto the shoelace really tight and climb all the way up to the top because it was such a big shoe.

On top of Celia and Kira's giant shoe house, there was a garden. And Celia and Kira loved to plant special plants in their garden. Like, one day, they planted an orange seed, and another day they planted a carrot seed, and a third day, they planted a strawberry seed. And because it was an amusement park, all of the seeds that Celia and Kira planted would grow a little bit extra fast. And when they grew, instead of being like a regular orange, or instead of being just like a regular carrot, it grew double. So every orange had, like, two oranges, and every carrot had two sides, so the carrot was pointy on both sides, and it grew in middle.

And Celia and Kira had a really fun time growing up in the amusement park because there were so many things that they could do. For example, they could go on a merry go round, and it was so much fun. And another thing that Celia and Kira liked to do is there was a big, big water slide, so they would put on their swimsuits, and they would get to go down the waterslide all the way from the top to the bottom, and it would make a big splash. And the water at the bottom of the waterslide had food coloring in it. So when it splashed, there was blue water that got all over the place. And it was so much fun in the amusement park because since Cele and Kira lived there, there were no lines, and they didn't even need tickets because everyone in the amusement park knew that Cele and Kira lived in the giant's shoe.

One day, Cele and Kira woke up, and they told their mom they wanted to go to the cafe at the amusement park because they told their mom that there was going to be a yummy kind of pancake today. And Celia and Kira's mom and their dad went with them to the cafe. When they got to the cafe, the chef said, hey, guys. And Celia and Kira said hello. And then the chef said that today was the day of special maple syrup pancakes. And Celia and Kira said, yay. And they got some pancakes with some maple syrup. And then after they filled their bellies with some yummy pancakes, celia and Kira told their mom it was time for them to go outside and play.

So they went outside the cafe, and as they were going back to their house, they started to feel something that felt like an earthquake. It was like shaking on the ground. And when Celia and Kira felt that shaking, they said, mom, is there an earthquake? And Celia and Kira's mom said, no, there's not an earthquake. What is really happening is there must be something big, like big rocks falling down or something. And Celia and Kira looked up, and do you know what they saw, bud? What? A big giant. It was the giant who left his shoe there in the first place. And the giant must have been coming back to get his shoe. Cecilia and Kira told their mom they had to hurry and get to the Shoehouse. And when they got to the Shoehouse, the big giant was there. But they couldn't talk loud enough for the giant to hear because the giant's ears were all the way up in the clouds.

So Cele and Kira had an idea. There was a rainbow colored puppy that used to live in the amusement park, and the puppy's job was in the gift shop. He was in charge of getting stuffies for kids. And so Cele and Kira told their mom that they were going to run to the gift shop to get the rainbow puppy. And then the rainbow puppy could just lick the giant's toes, and that would get the giant's attention and make him bend down to see what's going on.

Well, Celia and Kira rushed down to the gift shop, and when they got to the gift shop, they passed a big line of babies. And all of the babies were holding each other's hands, and they were dancing around in circles and saying hoo. And the babies, after they would say, hooah. They would clap and do somersaults while Celia and Kira tried not to get distracted by the baby. So they went straight to the gift shop. And in the gift shop, they got the rainbow puppy. And they told the rainbow puppy it needed to come to the Shoehouse immediately, right away. And the puppy said, woof. Woof. To the rescue. And the rainbow puppy went all the way to the giant Shoehouse. And when they got to the giant Shoehouse, sealy told the puppies to lick the giant's toes. And the rainbow puppy licked first the big toe and said, this little piggy went to the market. And then Cele and Kira told the rainbow puppy to lick the other toe. And the rainbow puppy licked the giant's other toe and said, this little piggy stayed home. And then Celia and Kira told the rainbow puppy to lick a different giant toe. And then they said, and this little piggy got roast beef. And then the last toe got licked. And do you know what happened? What? Celia and Kira said. And this little piggy went wee all the way home. And then the rainbow puppy ran up the giant's leg. And just as he was going up, the giant felt some tickling. So he bent down. And when the giant bent down, he finally saw Cele and Kira. And the giant was holding such a big bowl of spaghetti because really what he was doing the whole time is he was trying to eat his lunch because the giant was too big to get the pancakes for breakfast at the cafe in the amusement park. So the giant was eating such a big bowl of spaghetti. The bowl of spaghetti that the giant was eating was as big as a mountain. It had so much spaghetti that if you dumped the spaghetti out, it could fill up a whole pool. And not a little kids pool, but a grown up pool all full of spaghetti.

And the giant put down his giant bowl of spaghetti, and he looked at Celia and Kira and he said, is that my shoe? And Celia and Kira told the giant that they lived in that shoe. And the giant said, it's okay, because really he wanted to get roller skates. And Celia and Kira said what? A giant in roller skates? And the giant said, yeah, he didn't want that giant shoe anymore and they could still live in it. What he wanted was a magic kind of roller skates where the wheels on the roller skates were as big as monster truck wheels. And then the giant could put on the roller skates and he could roll all around in the North Pole on the big ice. And Celia and Kira told the giant that they were happy he wasn't going to take his shoe back because they got to keep living there. And the giant said, you're welcome, and asked them if they wanted some noodles. But then Celia and Kira laughed because they were full from the pancakes with maple syrup. And Celia and Kira said bye bye to the giant, and they lived happily ever after. The End.