Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a boy whose name was Wyatt. Wyatt lived in a special kind of tent that was at the top of a tree. The tent that Wyatt lived in was a really special tent because it had a helium balloon machine inside. Whenever Wyatt's parents wanted the tent to float from the top of the tree to a different tree, all they had to do was press the helium balloon button, and then balloons would grow on the top of the tent, and the tent would fly wherever they wanted it to go.

One day, as Wyatt's tent was flying on top of the trees all the way to a playground, Wyatt noticed that there was something very shiny near the playground. So he told his parents to land the tent in the soccer field that was right near the playground. Slowly, the helium balloon tent landed on the soccer field. When Wyatt got on the soccer field, he saw immediately what it was. There was a big saber-toothed tiger. A saber-toothed tiger is a kind of tiger that has two really long teeth in the front. Most people think that they went extinct in the olden days, but some people know that a few of them survived in the Amazon rainforest and that the ones that survived have special rocket power. The rocket power allows them to go underwater in little saber-toothed tiger submarines, and they could go all the way from the Amazon rainforest to wherever they wanted to go. The remaining saber-toothed tigers were made of gold, and they were kind of magical. That is how a saber-toothed tiger got to the playground where Wyatt had parked his tent that was carried by helium balloons.

Wyatt once read a book about saber-toothed tigers, and the book said that you needed to be careful, but this saber-toothed tiger looked like a friendly one. So Wyatt held his mom and dad's hand as they went up to the golden saber-toothed tiger. It looked really shiny, and it was really made of gold. So Wyatt was kind of surprised that it was able to move and go in a submarine. But when they got closer to the golden saber-toothed tiger, they saw that it really was alive, and it was able to change shapes. The reason that the golden saber-toothed tiger had come up to the soccer field by the playground where Wyatt and his family landed their tent house was that the saber-toothed tiger wanted a ride. The saber-toothed tiger opened its mouth, and it started to talk to Wyatt. Wyatt's parents couldn't understand, and they thought that Wyatt was just talking to a statue because they couldn't see that it wasn't just a golden statue of a saber-toothed tiger, but that it could really talk back. Sometimes when grown-ups look at statues, they think they're fake, even if kids know that they're really real.

The saber-toothed tiger told Wyatt that if Wyatt went on a ride with it, then they could go together in his tent for a special helium balloon ride. Wyatt told his parents he was just going to hop on the golden saber-toothed tiger for a ride, and his parents said, okay. As he did it, the golden saber-toothed tiger's legs turned into real tiger legs, and they started to walk all the way to where the tent was parked. Every time the golden saber-toothed tiger would put its paw on the ground, it would leave a little paw print. In the paw print, there would be a rainbow sticker. So, you could see all over the soccer field, there were rainbow stickers in the shape of tiger paw prints all the way into the tent.

When Wyatt got into the tent, as he was riding the golden saber-toothed tiger, he saw that the saber-toothed tiger's legs turned back into gold, and the rainbow stickers on the bottom changed into special kinds of heart stickers. All over the tent floor, there were lots of different heart stickers. The golden saber-toothed tiger whispered something else to Wyatt. It told Wyatt that he could get a lot of candy, but the way that Wyatt could get a lot of candy was that Wyatt had to ride with the saber-toothed tiger and Wyatt's parents to a candy factory. The owner of the candy factory was an octopus. This candy factory made gummy bears and gummy fish. The reason an octopus was in charge of it was that it was candy that looked like animals, like gummy bears look like bears, and gummy fish look like fish, and gummy worms look like worms.

Wyatt's parents steered their helium balloon tent with the golden saber-toothed tiger that had heart-shaped stickers on its paws all the way to the hidden factory. The hidden factory was really behind a special pizza store. The reason they don't let kids in the back of some restaurants is that sometimes there are tunnels at the end of restaurants that you could go to downstairs to secret factories. It was one such factory that they got to at the end of town. When they got to the factory, the factory was in the shape of a really big octopus. The golden saber-toothed tiger told Wyatt not to worry because the octopus was his friend. The octopus welcomed Wyatt and his parents and their special tent all the way to the secret candy factory.

The octopus was really silly because it had eight different tentacles, but it also wore a person hat, and the octopus had sunglasses. Wyatt thought that was very silly because it wasn't even sunny in the candy factory. The octopus told Wyatt that because he found the golden saber-toothed tiger, he could have a lifetime supply of candy for as long as Wyatt lived. He could have as many gummy bears as he wanted, and Wyatt could have as many gummy fish and gummy worms as he wanted. The octopus would be in charge of sending a delivery truck to his house every day. Wyatt's mom asked, "What about tummy aches?" The octopus said there was a ghost that came to the factory, and the ghost put a special kind of magic in the candy where the magic didn't hurt kids' tummies. So, if you ate this kind of candy, kids could eat as much as they wanted, and it wouldn't even give them a tummy ache, and it wouldn't even give them too much energy and make them riled up. It just tasted good.

Wyatt told the octopus that was in charge of the candy factory, "Thank you so much." Then he told his parents that it was time for them to use the helium balloons to take their magical tent with the golden saber-toothed tiger back to the top of the tree where they liked to park the tent. Just like that, Wyatt and his family flew back to the top of the tree. They told the golden saber-toothed tiger that he could come visit whenever he wanted. From then on, Wyatt was the boy in the world who got to have the yummiest candy that didn't give tummy aches. Wyatt and his family lived happily ever after. The end.