Welcome to mates up stories. My name is Wyatt. Made Up Stories is the best podcast ever. Tell your friends. My name is Wyatt, and I live in Los Angeles, California, and I'm four years old, and I would like a story about a golden sabertooth tiger, an octopus that doesn't like candy. Decks actually. Be nice. And there goes that melts candy. Thank you. Once upon a time, a long time ago, there lived a boy whose name was Wyatt. Wyatt lived in a special kind of tent that was at the top of a tree. And the tent that Wyatt lived in was a really special tent because it had a helium balloon machine inside. And whenever Wyatt's parents wanted the tent to float from the top of the tree, where it was on to a different tree, all they had to do was press the helium balloon button, and then balloons would grow on the top of the tent, and the tent would fly wherever you wanted it to go. And so, if Wyatt was really hungry and he wanted to get lunch, then sometimes Wyatt would ask his mom to press the helium balloon button, and then the tent would get attached to helium balloons, and it would fly all over Wyatt's neighborhood in Los Angeles, right to the pizza store. Well, one day, as Wyatt's tent was flying on top of the trees all the way to a playground, wyatt noticed that there was something very shiny that was near the playground. So he told his parents to land the tent in the soccer field that was right near the playground. And slowly, the helium balloon tent landed on the soccer field. When Wyatt got on the soccer field, he saw immediately what it was. There was a big saber toothed tiger. A sabertoothed tiger is a kind of tiger that has two really long teeth in the front. And most people think that it went extinct in the olden days, but some people know that a few of them survived in the Amazon rainforest and that the ones that survived have special rocket power. And the rocket power allows them to go underwater in little sabertoothed tiger submarines, and they could go all the way from the Amazon rainforest to wherever they wanted to go. The remaining sabertoothed tigers were made of gold, and they were kind of magical. And that is how a sabertooth tiger got to the playground where Wyatt had parked his tent that was carried by helium balloons. Wyatt once read a book about sabertoothed tigers, and the book said that you needed to be careful, but this saber tooth tiger looked like a friendly sabertoothed tiger. So Wyatt held his mom and dad's hand as they went up to the golden sabertooth tiger. It looked really shiny, and it was really made of gold. So Wyatt was kind of surprised that it was able to move and go in a submarine. But when they got closer to the golden sabertooth tiger. They saw that the golden sabertooth tiger really was alive, and it was able to change shapes. And the reason that the golden sabertooth tiger had come up to the soccer field by the playground where Wyatt and his family landed their 10th house, the reason the sabertooth tiger got there is because the sabertooth tiger wanted a ride. And the sabertooth tiger opened its mouth, and it started to talk to Wyatt. Wyatt's parents couldn't understand, and they thought that Wyatt was just talking to, like, a statue, because the parents couldn't see that it wasn't just a golden statue of a saber toothed tiger, but that it could really talk back. Sometimes when grown ups look at statues, they think they're fake, even if kids know that they're really real. Well, the sabertooth tiger told Wyatt that if Wyatt goes on for a ride, then they could go together in his tent for a special helium balloon ride. And Wyatt told his parents he was just going to hop on the golden sabertooth tiger for a ride, and his parents said, okay. And just as he did it, the golden sabertooth tiger's legs turned into real tiger legs, and they started to walk all the way to where the tent was parked. Every time that the golden sabertooth tiger would put its paw on the ground, it would leave a little paw print. And in the paw print, there would be a rainbow sticker. And so you could see all over the soccer field, there were rainbow stickers in the shape of tiger paw prints all the way into the tent. When Wyatt got into the tent, as he was rioting, the golden sabertooth tiger, he saw that the sabertooth tiger had its legs turned back into gold, and the rainbow stickers that were on the bottom changed into special kinds of heart stickers. And all over the tent floor, there were lots of different heart stickers. Well, the golden sabertoothed tiger whispered something else to Wyatt. It told Wyatt that Wyatt could get a lot of candy, but the way that Wyatt could get a lot of candy is that Wyatt had to ride with the saber tooth tiger and Wyatt's parents to a candy factory. And the owner of the candy factory was an octopus. This is the candy factory that they used to make, like gummy bears and gummy fish. And that's the reason octopus was in charge of it, because it was like, kind of candy that looked like animals, like gummy bears look like bears, and gummy fish look like fish, and gummy worms look like worms. And that's why an octopus was in charge of that factory. So Wyatt's parents steered their helium balloon tent with the golden sabertoothed tiger that had the heart shaped stickers on its paws all the way to the hidden factory. The hidden factory was really behind a special pizza store. The reason they don't let kids in the back of some restaurants is because sometimes there's tunnels at the end of restaurants that you could go to downstairs to secret factories. Well, it was one such factory that they got to at the end of town. And when they got to the factory, the factory was in the shape of a really big octopus. Well, the golden sabertoothed tiger told Wyatt not to worry because the octopus was his friend. And the octopus welcomed Wyatt and his parents and their special tent all the way to the secret candy factory. The octopus was really silly because it had eight different tentacles. But the octopus also wore a person hat, and the octopus had sunglasses. And Wyatt thought that was very silly because it wasn't even sunny in the candy factory. Well, the octopus told Wyatt that because he found the golden sabertooth tiger, he could have a lifetime supply of candy for as long as Wyatt lived. He could have as many gummy bears as he wanted, and Wyatt could have as many gummy fish and gummy worms as he wanted. And the octopus would be in charge of sending a delivery truck to his house every day. Wyatt's mom said, well, what about tummy aches? And the octopus said there was a ghost that came to the factory. And the ghost put a special kind of magic in the candy where the magic didn't hurt kids tummies. So, like, if you ate this kind of candy, kids could eat as much as they would want, and it wouldn't even give them a tummy ache, and it wouldn't even give them too much energy and make them rile. It just tasted good. And so Wyatt told the octopus that was in charge of the candy factory, thank you so much. And then he told his parents that it was time for them to use the helium balloons to take their magical tent with the golden sabertoothed tiger back to the top of the tree where they like to park that tent. And just like that, Wyatt and his family flew back to the top of the tree. They told the golden sabertooth tiger that he could come visit whenever they wanted. And from then and there, Wyatt was the boy in the world that got to have the yummiest candy that didn't give tummy aches. And Wyatt and his family lived happily ever after. The end. Thanks for listening to the story. Now it's time for us to answer some bedtime questions. If you have a bedtime question, then you can submit the question to makesup Stories@gmail.com. Here's our first question. Hi. My name is Vibra. Do you have any pets? Do you have any pets? Tonight's first question comes from a five year old girl named Lila. And Lila asks us if we have any pets. Buddy, do you want to answer that? Yes. The answer is yes. And we have three pets. One is a cat named King Lovey Paws. And we have a frog that is named John. And we have a caterpillar. We have two caterpillars named two. Two and three. Three. That's silly. And that's all true. And we caught the frog just today, so we might let it go at some point. Thanks for that question. Hi. My name is Oliver. I'm from Austin, Texas, and I'm four and three quarters years old. My question is, what kind of fringes would you like to be? What kind of unicorn would you like to be? What color unicorn would you like to be? What color family would you like to be? Tonight's second question comes from a boy named Oliver. And Oliver asks us what kind of princess we would be and what color unicorn we would be, and what color fairy. Jonah, do you want to answer what kind of princess you would be first? Yeah, so the kind of princess I would be would probably be any kind. Good answer. Yeah, all princesses are good princesses. And if I got to choose what color unicorn that I could be, I would choose to be a glow in the dark unicorn. And the reason I would want to be a glow in the dark unicorn is because if you're a glow in the dark unicorn, then kids who are looking for unicorns could even find you at night. And if you're an Alicorn, a unicorn with wings that can fly in your glow in the dark, then it looks really pretty while you're flying. Oliver's third question is what color fairy would be? Jonah, do you want to answer what color fairy? Yeah, I would be a green winged fairy, because green is my favorite color and a purple body. Those are good choices. Thanks, Jonah. My name is Wolfie and I'm from Ontario, Canada, and I want to know how you got so good at making stories tonight's next question comes from Wolfie, who lives in Ontario, Canada and who asks, how did we get so good at making up stories? You want to answer that, Jonah? Yeah. The way we got so good is because Fort Smith dad told me stories and he practiced then, and then we practiced recording stories that weren't the best a long time ago, and we slowly got good and good all by practicing. Yes, that's a good answer. I also used to tell stories to my brothers and sisters when I was a teenager, but I think that there's some kids that are listening to the podcast that will eventually become better storytellers than me. And so if you're a kid and you want to send a story to Makeup stories, you could send that to us, too. Hi, my name is Lulu and I live Ontario, Canada. I love you and I want to be in this story. Tonight's last question comes from a three year old listener named Lulu who says, I love you and I want to be in the story. Buddy, what do you think of that? Yeah, I think we'll be able to do that. But we might forget but we'll probably do it someday and thanks for saying I love you, Lulu. That's very nice, Jonah, and I appreciate it. Take care.